PREAMBLE

The Parties agree that air traffic controllers and traffic management

coordinators/specialists serve in a unique, complex and safety critical

occupation.

This Collective Bargaining Agreement is designed to improve working

conditions for air traffic controllers, traffic management

coordinators/specialists and U.S. NOTAM Office (USNOF) specialists,

facilitate the amicable resolution of disputes between the Parties and

contribute to the growth, efficiency and prosperity of the safest and most

effective air traffic control system in the world.

The true measure of our success will not be the number of disagreements

we resolve, but rather the trust, honor and integrity with which the Parties

jointly administer this Agreement.

1

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ARTICLE 1

PARTIES TO THE AGREEMENT

ARTICLE 2

UNION RECOGNITION AND

REPRESENTATION

ARTICLE 3

RIGHTS OF UNION OFFICIALS

ARTICLE 4

EMPLOYEE RIGHTS

ARTICLE 5  MANAGEMENT RIGHTS

ARTICLE 6

REPRESENTATION RIGHTS

ARTICLE 7  MID-TERM BARGAINING

ARTICLE 8

PROBLEM SOLVING

ARTICLE 9

GRIEVANCE PROCEDURE

ARTICLE 10  DISCIPLINARY / ADVERSE ACTIONS

ARTICLE 11  DUES WITHHOLDING

ARTICLE 12  ADDITIONAL VOLUNTARY

ALLOTMENT DEDUCTIONS

ARTICLE 13  UNION PUBLICATIONS AND

INFORMATION AND USE OF

AGENCY'S FACILITIES

ARTICLE 14  NAMES OF EMPLOYEES AND

COMMUNICATIONS

ARTICLE 15  USE OF OFFICIAL GOVERNMENT

TELEPHONES

ARTICLE 16  AGENCY DIRECTIVES

ARTICLE 17

POSITION DESCRIPTIONS

ARTICLE 18  CONTROLLER-IN-CHARGE (CIC) /

TRAFFIC MANAGEMENT

SPECIALIST-IN-CHARGE (TMSIC) /

TRAFFIC MANAGEMENT

COORDINATOR-IN-CHARGE (TMCIC)

/ NOTAM SPECIALIST-IN-CHARGE

(NSIC)

ARTICLE 19  HAZARDOUS

GEOLOGICAL/WEATHER

CONDITIONS

2

PAGE

8

8

14

15

21

23

24

27

28

40

44

49

51

54

56

57

58

59

61

ARTICLE 20

PERFORMANCE STANDARDS AND

APPRAISALS

ARTICLE 21  RECOGNITION AND AWARDS

PROGRAM

ARTICLE 22

EMPLOYEE RECORDS

ARTICLE 23  DATA SECURITY

ARTICLE 24  ANNUAL LEAVE

ARTICLE 25

SICK LEAVE

ARTICLE 26

LEAVE FOR SPECIAL

CIRCUMSTANCES

ARTICLE 27

JURY DUTY AND COURT LEAVE

ARTICLE 28  HOLIDAYS

ARTICLE 29

EXCUSED ABSENCES

ARTICLE 30

PRENATAL/INFANT CARE

ARTICLE 31  CHILD CARE

ARTICLE 32  WATCH SCHEDULES AND SHIFT

ASSIGNMENTS

ARTICLE 33

POSITION ROTATION AND RELIEF

PERIODS

ARTICLE 34  WORKING HOURS

ARTICLE 35

PART-TIME EMPLOYMENT/JOB

SHARING

ARTICLE 36

EMPLOYEE EXPRESS

ARTICLE 37  BACK PAY

ARTICLE 38  OVERTIME

ARTICLE 39  NATIONAL PAY PROCEDURES

ARTICLE 40

SEVERANCE PAY

ARTICLE 41  RETIREMENT AND BENEFITS

ADMINISTRATION

ARTICLE 42  BIDDING PROCEDURES

ARTICLE 43

TEMPORARY

PROMOTIONS/TRANSFERS

62

64

66

70

72

77

81

84

85

88

92

93

95

97

98

103

106

107

107

109

110

111

114

118

3

ARTICLE 44

TEMPORARY ASSIGNMENTS AWAY

FROM THE FACILITY

ARTICLE 45

TEMPORARILY DISABLED

EMPLOYEES/ASSIGNMENTS

ARTICLE 46  REALIGNMENT OF WORK FORCE

ARTICLE 47  REDUCTION-IN-FORCE (RIF)

ARTICLE 48

TECHNOLOGICAL CHANGES

ARTICLE 49

STUDIES OF EMPLOYEES AND THEIR

WORKING CONDITIONS

ARTICLE 50

SURVEYS AND QUESTIONNAIRES

ARTICLE 51

FACILITY EVALUATIONS, AUDITS,

AND ASSESSMENTS

ARTICLE 52

PROFESSIONAL STANDARDS

PROGRAM

ARTICLE 53  OCCUPATIONAL SAFETY AND

HEALTH

ARTICLE 54  WELLNESS CENTERS AND

PHYSICAL FITNESS PROGRAMS

ARTICLE 55  HUMAN PERFORMANCE

ARTICLE 56

EQUAL EMPLOYMENT

OPPORTUNITY (EEO)

ARTICLE 57

EMPLOYEE ASSISTANCE PROGRAM

(EAP)

ARTICLE 58  MOVING EXPENSES

ARTICLE 59  RETURN RIGHTS

ARTICLE 60

FACILITY OF PREFERENCE

ARTICLE 61  REASSIGNMENT OF TRAINING

FAILURES

ARTICLE 62  AVIATION SAFETY REPORTING

SYSTEM

ARTICLE 63  NATIONAL TRANSPORTATION

SAFETY BOARD (NTSB) UNION

REPRESENTATIVES

ARTICLE 64

SAFETY EVENTS REPORTING AND

REVIEW

119

119

120

122

123

124

125

126

126

128

131

132

132

133

135

139

141

142

144

144

145

4

ARTICLE 65  CONTROLLER/EMPLOYEE

PERFORMANCE

ARTICLE 66  MEDICAL QUALIFICATIONS

ARTICLE 67

TRAINING

ARTICLE 68  ON-THE-JOB-TRAINING

ARTICLE 69  DRESS CODE

ARTICLE 70

PARKING

ARTICLE 71

EMPLOYEE SERVICES

ARTICLE 72  CALENDAR DAYS

ARTICLE 73

SUBSTANCE TESTING

ARTICLE 74  CRITICAL INCIDENT STRESS

MANAGEMENT (CISM)

ARTICLE 75

INJURY COMPENSATION

ARTICLE 76  NEW FACILITIES/CURRENT

FACILITY EXPANSION /

CONSOLIDATION / COLLOCATION

ARTICLE 77  ASBESTOS

ARTICLE 78  ACQUIRED IMMUNO-DEFICIENCY

SYNDROME (AIDS)

ARTICLE 79

FARE SUBSIDIES FOR EMPLOYEES

ARTICLE 80

EMPLOYEE RECERTIFICATION

ARTICLE 81  HAZARDOUS DUTY PAY

ARTICLE 82  AERONAUTICAL CENTER

ARTICLE 83

SENIORITY

ARTICLE 84  DISABLED VETERANS AFFIRMATIVE

ACTION PROGRAM

ARTICLE 85  ACCOMMODATION OF DISABLED

EMPLOYEES

ARTICLE 86  CAREER TRANSITION ASSISTANCE

ARTICLE 87

FLEXIBLE SPENDING ACCOUNTS

ARTICLE 88  DIVESTITURE

ARTICLE 89  GOVERNMENT CREDIT CARD

ARTICLE 90

LEAVE TRANSFER

149

150

153

155

156

156

157

158

158

162

164

166

167

170

171

171

172

172

173

173

173

174

176

176

177

179

5

ARTICLE 91

INTERCHANGE AGREEMENT

ARTICLE 92

PERSONAL PROPERTY CLAIMS

ARTICLE 93

SELF-REFERRAL

ARTICLE 94  OUTSIDE EMPLOYMENT

ARTICLE 95

INDIVIDUAL PERFORMANCE

ARTICLE 96

TEMPORARY DUTY TRAVEL

ARTICLE 97

SECURITY

ARTICLE 98

PROBATIONARY EMPLOYEE

ARTICLE 99  HARDSHIP TRANSFER

ARTICLE 100  PRIORITY CONSIDERATION

ARTICLE 101  FAA REFORM

ARTICLE 102  EFFECT OF AGREEMENT

ARTICLE 103  PRINTING OF THE AGREEMENT

ARTICLE 104  REOPENER

ARTICLE 105  GROUND RULES

ARTICLE 106  DURATION

ARTICLE 107  LEGISLATIVE ACTIVITIES

ARTICLE 108  PAY

ARTICLE 109  WAIVER OF OVERPAYMENTS

ARTICLE 110  VETERANS RIGHTS

ARTICLE 111  PAY ADMINISTRATION

ARTICLE 112  CORRECTIVE ACTION

REQUESTS/PLANS

ARTICLE 113  RUNWAY SAFETY

ARTICLE 114  COLLABORATION

ARTICLE 115  AUTOMATED EXTERNAL

DEFIBRILLATION (AED)

ARTICLE 116  CHILD CARE SUBSIDY

ARTICLE 117  DEPENDENT EDUCATION AT NON-

CONUS LOCATIONS

ARTICLE 118  OPERATIONAL PLANNING AND

SCHEDULING TOOL

6

183

183

183

185

185

187

191

192

192

196

196

198

198

198

199

199

199

200

213

213

214

214

215

215

218

218

219

220

ARTICLE 119  COVERED EVENT REVIEW

ARTICLE 120  ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATION

ARTICLE 121  ELECTRIC VEHICLE SUPPLY

EQUIPMENT (EVSE)

ARTICLE 122  PARTNERSHIP FOR SAFETY

ARTICLE 123  SAFETY MANAGEMENT SYSTEM

ARTICLE 124  PRIORITY PLACEMENT

ARTICLE 125  HAZARDOUS MATERIALS AND

CHEMICALS

224

225

226

226

227

228

229

APPENDIX A  COMPLEXITY FORMULA FOR PAY

232

SETTING

APPENDIX B  TRAINING PROGRESSION

REQUIREMENTS

APPENDIX C  PAY BANDS

APPENDIX D  BARGAINING UNIT CERTIFICATIONS

APPENDIX E  PAR FORMS

APPENDIX F  SICK LEAVE RESTRICTION

TEMPLATE

APPENDIX G  ACADEMY MILEAGE CHART

APPENDIX H  NURSING MOTHERS PROGRAM

FORM

APPENDIX I

SPECIAL EVENTS MOU

APPENDIX J  RETURN RIGHTS EMPLOYENT

AGREEMENT

APPENDIX K  AFFORDABILITY DIFFERENTIAL

APPENDIX L  FSS REMOTE SITE PAY FACILITIES

APPENDIX M  OPAS PARAMETERS

APPENDIX N  OPAS PRIORITY FACILITIES

APPENDIX O  AIR TRAFFIC SAFETY ACTION PLAN

(ATSAP) MOU

266

269

270

278

287

288

301

302

308

310

311

312

317

318

APPENDIX P  LETTER OF AGREEMENT TO RETAIN

325

MOUS

7

ARTICLE 1

PARTIES TO THE AGREEMENT

Section 1. This Agreement is made by and between the National Air

Traffic Controllers Association, AFL-CIO (hereinafter "the Union"), and

the Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation

(hereinafter "the Agency"). The Union and the Agency are referred to

collectively herein as "the Parties."

ARTICLE 2

UNION RECOGNITION AND REPRESENTATION

Section 1. The Agency hereby recognizes the Union as the exclusive

bargaining representative of Air Traffic Control Specialists located in

terminal and en route facilities, as certified by the Federal Labor Relations

Authority (FLRA) on June 19, 1987 (Appendix D-1). The Agency also

recognizes the Union as the exclusive bargaining representative of Traffic

Management Coordinators/Specialists in terminal and en route facilities

and the Air Traffic Control System Command Center (ATCSCC), as

certified by the FLRA on May 25, 2000 (Appendix D-2), NOTAM

Specialists at the ATCSCC, as certified by the FLRA on March 23, 1999

(Appendix D-3), and Air Traffic Control Specialists assigned to the Flight

Service option, as certified by the FLRA on July 11, 2012 (Appendix D-4).

Section 2. If the bargaining unit(s) described in Section 1 is/are amended

to include other employees, those employees shall be covered by this

Agreement.

Section 3. The Union may designate one (1) Principal Facility

Representative and one (1) designee for each facility. Only the Principal

Facility Representative and/or a designee may deal with the Air Traffic

Manager and/or a designee. The Union may designate one (1)

representative and one (1) designee for each team, crew, group or area,

including the NOTAM Office and the traffic management unit, as

appropriate in each facility. On each tour of duty, the Union may designate

one (1) representative to deal with first and second-level supervisors. At

the tour representative's option, he/she may designate an alternate to act on

his/her behalf in dealing with first and second-level supervisors.

The Union may designate one (1) National Flight Service Representative

and one (1) Alternate National Flight Service Representative.

8

The designation of all Agency and Union representatives shall be in

writing.

Section 4. When the Union designates a nonresident Facility

Representative, absent an emergency or other special circumstance at the

facility at which he/she is employed, he/she shall be made available to

carry out his/her functions under this Agreement. A nonresident Facility

Representative is entitled to official time in accordance with Section 15 for

the facility being represented, but is not entitled to official time for travel

or to travel and per diem allowances. The management representative

assigned to the facility at which the Union has designated a nonresident

Facility Representative shall deal with the nonresident Facility

Representative in person, via telephone, by letter or otherwise mutually

agreeable method on all matters covered under this Agreement or

otherwise required by law.

Section 5. During meetings between the Air Traffic Manager and/or a

designee and the Principal Facility Representative and/or a designee, the

Facility Representative or a designee will be afforded representatives in

equal numbers. Such meetings shall be held at mutually agreeable times.

At any meeting called by the Air Traffic Manager or a designee, the Union

participant(s) shall be on official time, if otherwise in a duty status.

Section 6. The Parties agree to meet and deal at the national level with the

National Officers of the Union and/or their designees and the National

Officials of the Agency and/or their designees.

Section 7. The normal point of contact at the regional level shall be the

appropriate Service Area Director for the affected facility(s) or a designee

and the Union Regional Vice President or a designee. The normal point of

contact at the regional level for ATCSCC issues shall be the Director,

System Operations, AJR, or a designee and the Union's Regional Vice

President or a designee. The normal point of contact at the district level

shall be the appropriate Terminal District Manager for the affected

facility(s) or a designee and the Union Alternate Regional Vice President

or a designee.

The normal point of contact at the regional level for Flight Service shall be

the Alaska Flight Services Information Area Group (AFSIAG) Manager or

a designee and the National Flight Service Representative or a designee.

Section 8. When other qualified employees are available, the Principal

Facility Representative or a designee shall not be required to temporarily

9

perform supervisory duties. When a Facility Representative is detailed to a

supervisory position, the Union will name a designee to act in his/her place

as a Union representative.

Section 9. The Union representatives specified in the above sections of

this Article are the only individuals authorized to represent the Union in

dealings with Agency officials at the respective levels specified in this

Article.

Section 10. Any Union official and/or a designee shall be permitted to

visit air traffic facilities to perform representational duties, subject to prior

notification. Visits to other Agency facilities shall be subject to

notification and approval in advance.

Section 11. Once annually, the Principal Facility Representative or a

designee may be granted excused absence for short periods of time,

ordinarily not to exceed sixteen (16) hours at a time, to receive

information, briefings, or orientation by the Union and/or Agency relating

to the Federal Labor Relations Program. Such meetings may be held

locally, regionally, or nationally. The Parties shall exchange agendas for

meetings under this Article to the appropriate official. Determinations as to

whether an individual can be spared from duty shall be made by the

Agency based on staffing and workload.

Section 12. A Facility Representative or a designee shall be allowed up to

sixty (60) minutes for confidential orientation of new facility employees to

explain local facility policies and practices and the role and responsibilities

of the Union. For larger groups, additional time may be allowed for this

purpose.

Section 13. Absent an emergency or other special circumstance, if

otherwise in a duty status, each Principal Facility Representative shall be

granted official time, not to exceed forty (40) hours, on a one-time basis in

order to attend the NATCA representative school for the mutual benefit of

the Union and the Agency. The Union shall provide a minimum of forty-

five (45) days advance notice for scheduling purposes, unless otherwise

mutually agreed to by the Parties.

Section 14. The Principal Facility Representative or a designee will be

granted sixteen (16) hours of official time to receive orientation on the

meaning of the Articles in this Agreement. In the event the Principal

Facility Representative is officially replaced, his/her successor will be

granted sixteen (16) hours of official time to receive orientation on the

10

meaning of the Articles in this Agreement, provided they have previously

not received this time. Unless staffing and workload do not permit,

excused absence not to exceed eight (8) hours shall be granted for on-site

briefings for other designated Union representatives.

Section 15. Absent an emergency or other special circumstance, upon

request, each Principal Facility Representative shall be granted the

following amounts of official time, per pay period, to prepare for meetings

with management and perform other representational duties:

a.  nine (9) hours in facilities with 1-20 combined bargaining unit

employees

b.  fourteen (14) hours in facilities with 21-35 combined bargaining

unit employees

c.  eighteen (18) hours in facilities with 36-50 combined bargaining

unit employees

d.

twenty-six (26) hours in facilities with 51-75 combined

bargaining unit employees

e.

f.

thirty-six (36) hours in facilities with 76-150 combined

bargaining unit employees

fifty-six (56) hours in facilities with 151 or more combined

bargaining unit employees

g.  eighty (80) hours for the National Flight Service Representative

h.  sixteen (16) hours for the Alternate National Flight Service

Representative

For the purposes of this Section, "combined bargaining unit employees"

includes those listed in Section 1 of this Article and Staff Support

Specialists, series 2152, located in terminal and en route facilities,

TRACONs, flight service station field facilities located in Alaska, and the

David J. Hurley Air Traffic Control System Command Center (ATCSCC).

This grant of time is exclusive of time provided for by the Federal Service

Labor-Management Relations Statute for negotiations or impasse

proceedings as provided for in 5 USC 7131(a) and (c), investigations,

formal discussions/meetings or any other provision of this Agreement.

11

Principal Facility Representatives may delegate their official time to Union

designees at their facility. Official time granted to the National Flight

Service Representative may be delegated to the Alternate National Flight

Service Representative and to those other Union representatives within the

bargaining unit who have been designated and identified in accordance

with this Article. Should a Principal Facility Representative or National

Flight Service Representative elect to delegate his/her official time, such

delegation shall be made in writing to the facility manager/AFSIAG

Manager as appropriate, or a designee and shall include the name of the

Union designee and the number of hours delegated.

When the delegation is for a specific date and the need is known and

communicated a minimum of ten (10) days in advance, the delegation shall

be approved as specifically requested. If the delegation is made with less

than ten (10) days notice, it shall be approved absent an emergency or

other special circumstance.

Principal Facility Representatives or their designees who are granted

official time may pursue their representational duties off the premises

when on official time, unless there is a particular reason to anticipate an

emergency or other special circumstance which would necessitate a need

for them to resume work (e.g. an imminent severe weather disturbance).

The Principal Facility Representative shall notify the facility manager of

his/her intention to perform representational duties off the premises and

the manager may impose some reasonable requirement as to periodic call-

ins or similar communication as a protection against unexpected

emergency need for the representative's return to duty.

Section 16. Union representatives shall record, via the Agency's automated

official time tracking system, the appropriate category into which the use

of all such official time falls as defined below. Upon review of the data, if

it is determined the time is not being recorded accurately, the Parties agree

to meet at the national level to resolve the problem.

Term Negotiations: Includes time used by Union representatives for, or in

preparation for: (1) negotiations over a basic agreement; or (2)

negotiations over the supplementation or renegotiation of that agreement

or under a re-opener provision in that agreement.

Mid-Term Negotiations: Includes time used by Union representatives for,

or in preparation for, negotiations occurring during the term of that

12

agreement (i.e. mid-term bargaining). This category includes both interest-

based and position-based negotiations. FMCS, FSIP, and interest

arbitration services are also included in this category.

Dispute Resolution: Official time granted for employee representation

functions in connection with such things as grievances, arbitrations,

adverse actions, alternative dispute resolution (ADR), and other labor

relations complaint and appellate processes. This category may also

include Union counseling of employees on problems, phone calls, emails,

and meetings with management concerning employee

complaints/problems that are pre-grievance or pre-complaint, but not part

of any formal ADR process.

General Labor-Management Relationship: Official time authorized for

representational functions in connection with all other activities not

covered by the categories of Negotiations and Dispute Resolution. This

category might include labor-management committees, partnership

activities where the Union is represented, consultation, pre-decisional

meetings, walk-around time for OSHA inspections, labor relations training

for Union representatives, and formal and Weingarten-type meetings under

5 USC 7114(a)(2)(A) and (B).

Section 17. Unless staffing and workload do not permit:

At facilities with one hundred (100) or less Union members, one (1) Union

delegate shall be permitted to take annual leave to attend (including travel

time) the Union's annual convention. At facilities with more than one

hundred (100) Union members, one (1) additional delegate shall be

granted such leave for each additional fifty (50) Union members. The

Agency may grant LWOP to attend the Union's convention.

Leave requests under this Section shall be submitted prior to the leave

bidding process identified in Article 24 for the upcoming year. Any

questions regarding the number of Union members shall be resolved using

dues withholding figures pursuant to Article 11 of this Agreement. The

granting of this time shall take precedence over the granting of requested

leave to other bargaining unit employees for the date(s) indicated. In the

event the Union changes delegate(s), the time granted under this Section

may be transferred to the new delegate(s) within the facility.

Section 18. The amounts of official time contained in this Agreement may

not be increased or decreased. Exceptions to this Section may be agreed to

only by the Parties at the national level.

13

Section 19. The Agency recognizes the right of a duly recognized Union

representative to express the views of the Union, provided those views are

identified as Union views.

ARTICLE 3

RIGHTS OF UNION OFFICIALS

Section 1. National and regional Union officials who are elected or

appointed to serve in an official capacity as a representative of the Union

shall be granted, upon request, LWOP concurrent and consistent with

elected terms of office or appointment. Each request by an employee for

such LWOP shall be for a specified period and shall be certified by the

National Office of the Union.

Section 2. Each Regional Vice President (RVP) of the Union shall be

granted eighty (80) hours of official time per pay period to perform the

representational duties of the office.

The official time granted each RVP under this Section 2 may be delegated

only to the Alternate Regional Vice President and to those other Union

representatives within the same region who have been designated and

identified in accordance with Section 3 of this Article. The time granted

under this Section 2 may not be delegated to other Union representatives.

Written notice of delegation of official time granted under this Article

shall be made to the ATO Technical Labor Office, via email to 9-AWA-

AHR-OfficialTime@FAA.GOV and shall include the name of the Union

designee and the number of hours delegated. When the delegation is for a

specific date and the need is known and communicated a minimum of

eight (8) days in advance, the delegation shall be approved as specifically

requested. If the delegation is made with less than eight (8) days notice, it

shall be approved absent an emergency or other special circumstance.

Section 3. The Union shall be granted the following amounts of official

time for use by Alternate Regional Vice Presidents (ARVP):

a.  Three (3) Regions will receive forty (40) hours per pay period.

b.  Three (3) Regions will receive twenty-four (24) hours per pay

period.

c.  Three (3) Regions will receive sixteen (16) hours per pay period.

Within thirty (30) days of the signing of this Agreement, the Union at the

national level will provide written notification to the Agency as to the

14

distribution of the ARVP official time for the life of this Agreement. The

official time granted under this Section 3 for use by ARVPs may not be

delegated.

Within thirty (30) days of the signing of this Agreement, the Union at each

of the regional levels will provide written notification to the Agency of up

to seven (7) specifically identified Union representatives eligible to be

delegated official time under this Article. Any change to that list of

designees must be made prior to the pay period in which the time will be

delegated. The official time granted under this Section 3 may not be

delegated to other Union representatives.

Section 4. Upon completion of a period of LWOP granted under Section 1

of this Article, the Union official shall be returned to duty at the facility to

which he/she was assigned prior to his/her assuming LWOP status. In the

event there is a reduction-in-force at that facility while the Union official is

in a LWOP status, the Union official's future duty status and duty location

shall be determined in accordance with Article 47 of this Agreement. By

mutual agreement between the Union official and his/her employing ATO

Service Area official/AFSIAG Manager, he/she may be returned to a duty

station other than the duty station to which he/she was assigned prior to

his/her assuming LWOP status.

Section 5. Upon written notice to the Agency that the need for LWOP

granted under Section 1 of this Article has ended, Union officials shall be

permitted to return to duty prior to the termination date of their LWOP

status. Such requests for return to duty shall be certified by the National

Office of the Union.

Section 6. An employee who is placed on LWOP while acting in an

official capacity on behalf of the Union shall be entitled to all such

continued benefits, including participation in the Federal retirement

program, as provided in applicable laws and regulations.

Section 7. Basic Pay of national and regional Union officials who are

elected or appointed to serve in an official capacity as a representative of

the Union, and who have been granted LWOP under this Article, shall be

set as though the employee never left the applicable pay band of their

assigned facility of record, accruing all increases to which he/she would

have been entitled.

ARTICLE 4

EMPLOYEE RIGHTS

Section 1. Each employee of the bargaining unit has the right, freely and

without fear of penalty or reprisal, to form, join and assist the Union or to

15

refrain from any such activity, and each employee shall be protected in the

exercise of this right. Except as otherwise expressly provided in the Civil

Service Reform Act of 1978, the right to assist the Union extends to

participation in the management of the Union and acting for the Union in

the capacity of Union representative, including presentation of its views to

officials of the Executive Branch, the Congress, or other appropriate

authority. The Agency shall take the action required to assure that

employees in the bargaining unit are apprised of their rights under the

Civil Service Reform Act of 1978 and that no interference, restraint,

coercion, or discrimination is practiced within the Agency to encourage or

discourage membership in the Union.

Section 2. An employee's off-duty misconduct shall not result in

disciplinary action, unless a nexus can be shown between the employee's

off-duty misconduct and the efficiency of the service. Any proposed action

for off-duty misconduct will contain a statement of the nexus between the

off-duty misconduct and the efficiency of the service.

Section 3. Employee participation in charitable drives and U.S. Savings

Bond campaigns is voluntary. The Agency shall not schedule mandatory

briefings/meetings to discuss charitable drives/U.S. Savings Bond

participation. Employees will be voluntarily excused from any portion of a

briefing/meeting, which discusses these subjects. Solicitations may be

made, but no pressure shall be brought to bear to require such

participation. Flyers, bulletins, posters, etc., associated with charitable

drives may be posted a reasonable amount of time prior to the opening

date and shall be removed concurrent with the closing date established in

accordance with 5 CFR 950.102(a).

Section 4. The Agency's nepotism policies shall be uniformly

administered throughout the Agency. Both Parties recognize that

maintaining family integrity is desirable. In those instances when an

employee's spouse or life/domestic partner holds or accepts a position in

another FAA facility, the Agency will provide priority consideration to the

bargaining unit employee for in-grade/downgrade reassignment through

requests for transfer procedures for bargaining unit vacancies at or near the

spouse's or life/domestic partner's location before candidates under other

placement actions are considered. The Agency retains the right to fill

vacancies from other available sources. In that such moves are primarily

for the convenience or benefit of the employee, additional travel and

transportation costs shall not be allowed for the spouse or life/domestic

partner beyond those he/she would be entitled to as a family member.

16

Section 5. Employees shall not be subjected to prohibited personnel

practices as follows:

(a)  Any FAA employee who has authority to take, direct others to

take, recommend, or approve any personnel action, shall not,

with respect to such authority:

i.  discriminate for or against any employee or applicant

for employment, on the basis of:







race, color, religion, sex, or national origin, as

prohibited under Section 717 of the Civil

Rights Act of 1964 (42 USC 2000e-16);

age, as prohibited under Sections 12 and 15 of

the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of

1967 (29 USC 631, 633a);

sex, as prohibited under Section 6(d) of the

Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 (29 USC

206(d));

handicapping condition, as prohibited under

Section 501 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973

(29 USC 791); or

marital status, sexual orientation, or political

affiliation, as prohibited under any law, rule,

or regulation;

ii.  coerce the political activity of any person (including

the providing of any political contribution or service)

or take any action against any employee or applicant

for employment as a reprisal for the refusal of any

person to engage in such political activity;

iii.  deceive or willfully obstruct any person to withdraw

with respect to such person's right to compete for

employment;

iv.  influence any person to withdraw from competition

for any position for the purpose of improving or

injuring the prospects of any other person for

employment;

v.  grant any preference or advantage not authorized by

law, rule, or regulation to any employee or applicant

17

for employment (including defining the scope or

manner of competition or the requirements for any

position) for the purpose of improving or injuring the

prospects of any particular person for employment;

vi.  take or fail to take, or threaten to take or fail to take, a

personnel action with respect to any employee or

applicant for employment because of:





any disclosure of information by an employee

or applicant which the employee or applicant

reasonably believes evidences: a violation of

any law, rule or regulation; gross

mismanagement, a gross waste of funds, an

abuse of authority; or a substantial and

specific danger to public health or safety, if

such disclosure is not specifically prohibited

by law, and if such information is not

specifically required by Executive Order to be

kept secret in the interest of national defense

or the conduct of foreign affairs; or

any disclosure to the Special Counsel or to the

Inspector General of an Agency, or another

employee designated by the head of the

Agency to receive such disclosures of

information which the employee or applicant

reasonably believes evidences a violation of

any law, rule, or regulation, or gross

mismanagement, a gross waste of funds, an

abuse of authority, or a substantial and

specific danger to public health or safety;

vii. to take or fail to take, or threaten to take or fail to take,

any personnel action against any employee or

applicant for employment because of:





the exercise of any appeal, complaint, or

grievance right granted by law, rule, or

regulation;

testifying for or otherwise lawfully

assisting any individual in the exercise of

any right referred to in this Section;

18





cooperating with or disclosing

information to the Inspector General of

any Agency, or the Special Counsel, in

accordance with applicable provision of

the law; or

for refusing to obey an order that would

require the individual to violate a law;

viii.  discriminate for or against any employee or applicant

for employment on the basis of conduct which does

not adversely affect the performance of the employee

or applicant or the performance of others; except that

nothing in this paragraph shall prohibit an Agency

from taking into account, in determining suitability or

fitness, any conviction of the employee or applicant

for any crime under the laws of any State, of the

District of Columbia, or the United States; or

ix.  take or fail to take any other personnel action if the

taking of or failure to take such action violates any

law, rule, or regulation, implementing or directly

concerning, the merit system principles contained in

this Section.

(b)  Nothing in this Article shall be construed to authorize the

withholding of information from the Congress or the taking of

any personnel action against an employee who discloses

information to the Congress.

i.  The head of each line of business or staff organization

shall be responsible for the prevention of prohibited

personnel practices, for the compliance with and

enforcement of applicable civil service laws, rules,

and regulations, and other aspects of personnel

management. Any individual to whom the head of a

line of business or staff organization delegates

authority for personnel management, or for any aspect

thereof, shall be similarly responsible within the limits

of the delegation.

ii.  This section shall not be construed to extinguish or

lessen any effort to achieve equal employment

opportunity through affirmative action or any right or

19

remedy available to an employee or applicant for

employment in the civil service under:

Section 717 of the Civil Rights Act of

1964 (42 USC 2000e-16), prohibiting

discrimination on the basis of race, color,

religion, sex, or national origin;

Sections 12 and 15 of the Age

Discrimination in Employment Act of

1967 (29 USC 631, 633a), prohibiting

discrimination on the basis of age;

Section 6(d) of the Fair Labor Standards

Act of 1938 (29 USC 206(d)), prohibiting

discrimination on the basis of sex;

Section 501 of the Rehabilitation Act of



1973 (29 USC 791), prohibiting

discrimination on the basis of

handicapping condition; or

the provision of any law, rule, or

regulation prohibiting discrimination on

the basis of marital status, sexual

orientation, or political affiliation.

Section 6. FAA regulations on outside employment and financial interests

shall be uniformly administered throughout the bargaining unit.

Section 7. Bargaining unit employees may have access to any of the

Agency's facilities after prior coordination with the management of the

facility to be visited. Approvals shall not be unreasonably denied.

Section 8. Employees covered by this Agreement shall have the protection

of all rights to which they are entitled by the Constitution of the United

States.

Section 9. Radios, television sets, appropriate magazines/publications,

pagers/cellphones, and electronic devices will be permitted in designated

non-work areas at all facilities for use at non-work times.  Between the

hours of 10:00 PM and 6:00 AM, radios and appropriate printed reading

material will be permitted in operational areas, as traffic permits. The

operation of weather radios shall be permitted in operational areas.

Section 10. Pagers/cellphones/cellphone watches/fitness trackers will be

permitted in operational areas but shall be set in the “off” (powered down)

20

position. If the device cannot be powered down (turned off), it shall not be

permitted in operational areas. Issues arising from non-compliance with

this Section will be addressed using Article 8 and/or Article 52 of this

Agreement prior to formal measures being initiated.

Section 11. In the performance of his/her official duties, or when acting

within the scope of his/her employment, the employee is entitled to all

protections of the Federal Employees Liability Reform and Tort

Compensation Act of 1988 (P.L. 100-694) regarding personal liability for

damages, loss of property, personal injury, or death arising or resulting

from the negligent or wrongful act or omission of the employee.

Section 12. Any bargaining unit employee authorized by the Agency to

attend any meetings scheduled by the Agency away from the facility shall

be entitled to duty time, travel and per diem allowances, if applicable.

Section 13. There shall be no prohibition on the approval of an

employee's LWOP request based solely on the employee having other

types of leave accrued.

Section 14. Employees covered by this Agreement shall not have their

reassignment unreasonably denied or delayed pending employee

records/files (medical, security, eOPF/EPF, or other DOT/FAA files)

review and/or transfer or for inter-service area budgetary constraints.

ARTICLE 5

MANAGEMENT RIGHTS

Section 1. In accordance with the provisions contained in 5 USC 7106,

management rights:

(a)  Subject to subsection (b) of this section, nothing in this chapter

shall affect the authority of any management official of any

Agency-

(1)

to determine the mission, budget, organization,

number of employees, and internal security

practices of the Agency; and

(2)

in accordance with applicable laws-

21

(A)  to hire, assign, direct, layoff, and retain

employees in the Agency, or to suspend,

remove, reduce in grade or pay, or to take

other disciplinary action against such

employees;

(B)  to assign work, to make determinations with

respect to contracting out, and to determine

the personnel by which the Agency's

operations shall be conducted;

(C)  with respect to filling positions, to make

selections for appointments from–

i.  among properly ranked and certified

candidates for promotions; or

ii.  any other appropriate source; and

(D)  to take whatever actions may be necessary to

carry out the Agency mission during

emergencies.

(b)  Nothing in this section shall preclude any Agency and any labor

organization from negotiating-

(1)

(2)

(3)

at the election of the Agency, on the numbers,

types, and grades of employees or positions

assigned to any organizational subdivision, work

project, or tour of duty, or on the technology,

methods, and means of performing work;

procedures which management officials of the

Agency will observe in exercising any authority

under this section; or

appropriate arrangements for employees adversely

affected by the exercise of any authority under this

section by such management officials.

22

ARTICLE 6

REPRESENTATION RIGHTS

Section 1. When it is known in advance that the subject of a meeting is to

discuss or investigate a disciplinary, or potential disciplinary situation, the

employee shall be so notified of the subject matter in advance. The

employee shall also be notified of his/her right to be accompanied by a

Union representative if he/she so desires, and shall be given a reasonable

opportunity both to obtain such representation, and confer confidentially

with the representative before the beginning of the meeting. If during the

course of a meeting it becomes apparent for the first time that discipline or

potential discipline could arise, the Agency shall stop the meeting and

inform the employee of his/her right to representation if he/she so desires,

and provide a reasonable opportunity to both obtain representation and

confer confidentially before proceeding with the meeting, if requested. The

Union retains the right to determine its representatives in accordance with

Article 2 of this Agreement.

This Section applies to meetings conducted by all management

representatives, including DOT/FAA security agents and EEO

investigators. The above provisions shall apply to meetings conducted by

the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) to the extent the

provisions are consistent with NTSB regulations and procedures.

Additional representational rights regarding safety events are covered in

Article 64 of this Agreement.

Section 2.  In meetings conducted by agents of the U.S. Department of

Transportation Inspector General (DOT IG), in accordance with 5 USC

7114(a)(2)(B), the employee is entitled to a Union representative if the

employee reasonably believes that the examination may result in

disciplinary action against the employee and the employee requests

representation.

When the Agency knows in advance the subject of a meeting conducted by

the DOT IG is to discuss or investigate a disciplinary, or potential

disciplinary situation, with the concurrence of the DOT IG, the Agency

shall notify the employee of the subject matter as soon as practicable. The

Agency shall notify the employee of his/her right to be accompanied by a

Union representative if the employee reasonably believes the meeting may

result in disciplinary action.

Section 3. In an interview where possible criminal proceedings may result

and the employee is the subject of the investigation, the employee will be

23

informed of the general nature of the matter (i.e. criminal or administrative

misconduct) being investigated, and, upon request, be informed whether or

not the interview is related to possible criminal misconduct by him/her.

The employee will be required to answer questions only after he/she has

been informed that he/she must answer questions specifically related to

his/her job performance or face disciplinary action. Any answers given

under these circumstances are considered involuntary. Such answers may

not be used against the employee in a subsequent criminal proceeding,

except for possible perjury charges for giving any false answers while

under oath. When a written declination of criminal prosecution is received

from the appropriate authority, the employee will be provided a copy.

Section 4. As specifically provided under 5 USC 7114(a)(2)(A), the Union

shall be given advance notice and the opportunity to designate a

representative to attend any formal discussion between one (1) or more

representatives of the Agency and one (1) or more employees in the unit or

their representatives concerning any grievance or any personnel policies or

practices, or other general condition of employment. The Agency shall

advise the Union at the corresponding level, in advance, of the subject

matter.

Section 5. By mutual consent of the Agency, employee, and the Union, if

requested by the employee, discussions under Section 1 of this Article may

be accomplished by telephone. By mutual consent of the Agency,

employee(s), and the Union, discussions under Section 4 of this Article

may be accomplished by telephone.

Section 6. A Union representative, while performing his/her

representational duties, will not be required to disclose information

obtained from a bargaining unit employee who is the subject of an

investigation, unless the confidentiality of the conversation with that

employee is waived by the representative, or an overriding need for the

information is established.

ARTICLE 7

MID-TERM BARGAINING

Section 1. It is agreed that personnel policies, practices and matters

affecting working conditions, not expressly contained in this Agreement,

shall not be changed by the Agency without prior notice to, and

negotiation with, the Union in accordance with applicable law. The

provisions of this Article apply to substance bargaining, if appropriate,

24

procedures that the Agency will observe in exercising a management right,

and/or appropriate arrangements for employees adversely affected by the

exercise of a management right. Additionally, the provisions of this Article

apply to any negotiations specifically required or allowed by reference in

any provision of this Agreement.

Section 2. Should the Agency propose a change described in Section 1,

thirty (30) days written notice of the proposed change shall be provided to

the Union at the corresponding level, except where specifically authorized

by this Agreement or otherwise agreed to by the Parties. It is agreed longer

notice periods are in the best interest of the Parties and should be provided

whenever feasible. The Union shall have up to fifteen (15) days from

receipt of the notice to request a meeting regarding the change. If the

Union requests a meeting, the meeting will be held within ten (10) days of

the Union's request and the Parties will review the proposed changes. The

Union may submit written proposals within thirty (30) days of receipt of

the original notice of the change(s). If the Union requests a meeting or

submits written proposals, the Parties shall meet at a mutually agreeable

time and place to conduct negotiations. The Parties agree that every effort

shall be made to reach agreement as expeditiously as possible. If the Union

does not request a meeting or submit written proposals within the

prescribed time period, the Agency may implement the change as

proposed.

Section 3. If the Parties are unable to resolve a dispute, they are free to

pursue whatever course of action is available to them under the Federal

Service Labor-Management Relations Statute or other relevant

statutes/law. However, by mutual agreement, if the Parties at the facility

level are unable to reach an agreement, the issue may be escalated within

ten (10) days to the Service Area/AFSIAG level. If, after a good faith

effort, the Parties at the Service Area/AFSIAG level are unable to reach an

agreement, by mutual consent, the issue may be escalated within ten (10)

days to the national level. This applies to issues originating at the facility

or Service Area/AFSIAG level. Unless otherwise permitted by law or this

Article, no changes will be implemented by the Agency until all

negotiations have been completed, including any impasse proceedings.

Section 4. The Parties at the facility or Service Area/AFSIAG level may

enter into written agreements or understandings on individual issues that

do not conflict with this Agreement. However, unless specifically

authorized by this Agreement, no such agreements may increase or

diminish entitlements expressly contained in this Agreement.

25

Section 5. The Union may initiate bargaining on personnel policies,

practices, and matters affecting working conditions during the term of this

Agreement on matters not expressly covered by this Agreement in

accordance with the Federal Service Labor-Management Relations Statute.

When the Agency has received a written proposal from the Union, if

required, a meeting will be scheduled within fifteen (15) days to review

the Union's proposal. The Agency may submit written counter proposals

within thirty (30) days of the Union's proposal. The Parties shall meet at

mutually agreeable times and places to conduct negotiations. If no

agreement is reached, or the Agency fails to respond, the provisions of

Section 3 of this Article shall apply.

Section 6. The Union, under this Article, will be authorized an equal

number of representatives on official time for the conduct of negotiations

in accordance with 5 USC 7131. The time limits under this Article may be

extended by mutual agreement of the Parties.

Section 7. Nothing in this Article is intended to preclude the Parties from

formulating ground rules for mid-term bargaining issues.

Section 8. The Parties agree that they will not assert, as a defense to a

demand for bargaining over a proposed mid-term change in conditions of

employment, that the proposed change is inseparably bound up with and

thus plainly an aspect of a subject covered by this Agreement, but they

may assert the first prong of the FLRA "covered by" doctrine that the

matter is expressly contained in this Agreement.

Section 9. Except where the Parties have reached agreements and

understandings during the course of the negotiations of this Agreement,

upon the effective date of this Agreement, all memoranda of agreement,

memoranda of understanding, past practices, and other written or oral

agreements whether formal or informal, shall have no force or effect and

shall not be binding on the Parties in any respect. The foregoing applies at

the local, regional/service area, AFSIAG, and national levels.

Nothing in this Section shall be construed as a waiver of the Union's right

to mid-term bargaining under this Article.

26

ARTICLE 8

PROBLEM SOLVING

Section 1. The Parties recognize that the traditional methods of dispute

resolution (e.g. grievance/arbitration and unfair labor practice charges) are

reactive and not always the most efficient means of problem resolution.

The Parties also understand that an early and open exchange of

information is essential to clearly address the concerns or reservations of

each Party. Therefore, the Parties are encouraged to use the provisions of

this Article to seek resolution of problems through a proactive approach

before resorting to other avenues of dispute resolution.

Section 2. The Parties to this Agreement support the following technique:

a.  When a complaint/problem/concern arises, the employee, Union

or Agency may notify the other affected Parties within ten (10)

days of the event giving rise to the complaint/problem/concern.

A meeting will be held within ten (10) days of notification,

which will include the bargaining unit employee(s), the

appropriate local Union representative and appropriate

management representative.

b.  The purpose of the meeting is to allow the employee, the Union

and the Agency to freely present, receive and/or exchange

information and their views on the situation.

c.  The Parties shall try to find an opportunity for problem

resolution and, if one arises, it will be, with mutual agreement,

acted upon.

d.  If the matter relates to pending discipline, disciplinary action will

not be issued during the meeting.

e.  If the Parties are unable to resolve the issue under this Article, the

Agency shall render a decision within ten (10) days of the

meeting. Once the decision has been rendered, and if appropriate,

the employee may proceed with Article 9, Section 7, Step 1. Upon

request, the provisions of Article 9, Section 7, Step 1, will be

waived and the Parties will proceed under the provisions of Article

9, Section 7, Step 2, to resolve their complaint/problem/concern.

The Agency or Union may proceed with Article 9, Section 7, Step

2. The time limits in Article 9 begin when the decision is rendered.

27

f.  This basic format may be modified with the written agreement of

the Parties at the local level.

g.  This Article shall not diminish the Agency's right to discipline,

where otherwise appropriate, nor shall the rights of the Union or

the employee be affected by this Article.

Section 3. The Parties shall continue their support of training on problem

solving techniques and similar programs which the Parties mutually

agree to pursue. The Union and the Agency shall mutually agree on the

scope, content, development and arrangements for delivery of any joint

problem solving training under this Article.

Section 4. Official time, travel and per diem shall be granted to Union

representatives to attend jointly agreed upon training/briefings on joint

problem solving techniques.

ARTICLE 9

GRIEVANCE PROCEDURE

Section 1. A grievance shall be defined as any complaint:

a.  By any employee concerning any matter relating to the

employment of the employee;

b.  By the Union concerning any matter relating to the employment of

any unit employee; or

c.  By a unit employee or either Party concerning any claimed

violation, misinterpretation, or misapplication of any law, rule,

regulation, or this Agreement affecting conditions of employment.

The Agency recognizes that employees are entitled to file and seek

resolution of grievances under the provisions of the negotiated grievance

procedure. The Agency agrees not to interfere with, restrain, coerce, or

engage in any reprisal against any employee or Union representative for

exercising rights under this Article.

Section 2. This procedure provides for the timely consideration of

grievances. Except as limited or modified by Sections 3, 4, and/or 5, it

shall be the exclusive procedure available to the Parties and the

employees in the unit for resolving grievances. Any employee, group of

28

employees or the Parties may file a grievance under this procedure. The

Parties shall cooperate to resolve grievances informally at the earliest

possible time and at the lowest possible supervisory level.

Section 3. This procedure shall not apply to any grievance concerning:

a.  Any claimed violation of subchapter III of Chapter 73,

Title 5 USC (relating to prohibited political activities);

b.  Retirement, life insurance or health insurance;

c.  A suspension or removal under Section 7532, Title 5 USC

(relating to national security matters);

d.  Any examination, certification or appointment (Title 5 USC

7121(c)(4));

e.  The classification of any position which does not result in the

reduction-in-grade or pay of any employee;

f.  The removal of probationers.

Section 4. An employee, who believes that discriminatory practices have

resulted in a prohibited personnel practice/action, as set forth in Article 4

of this Agreement and applicable statutes, regulations or orders/directives,

shall have the option of utilizing this grievance procedure or any other

procedures available in law or regulation, but not both.

Section 5. The Parties reserve their rights to all applicable statutory appeal

procedures.

Section 6. Employees are entitled to be assisted by the Union in the

presentation of grievances. Any employee covered by this procedure may

present grievances without the assistance of the exclusive representative,

as long as the exclusive representative has been given the opportunity to be

present during the grievance proceedings. No other individual(s) may

serve as the employee's representative in the processing of a grievance

under this procedure, unless designated by the Union. The right of

individual presentation does not include the right of taking the matter to

arbitration unless the Union agrees to do so.

29

Section 7. Grievance Procedures:

In the case of grievances concerning disciplinary/adverse actions, the

Union may elect to utilize the procedures of Section 7 or Section 11.

Grievances concerning disciplinary/adverse actions filed by the Union or

the employee under Section 7 should be submitted beginning with Step 2,

rather than Step 1, no later than twenty (20) calendar days after the

effective date of the disciplinary/adverse action.

In the case of any grievance filed on behalf of the Union or on behalf of

the employee(s) which the Union at the facility, AFSIAG/regional or

national level may have against the Agency at the corresponding level, or

which the Agency at the AFSIAG/regional or national level may have

against the Union at the corresponding level, the moving Party shall, at

that level, initiate the grievance beginning with Step 2, as appropriate, to

the respondent in writing, within twenty (20) calendar days of the event

giving rise to the grievance or within twenty (20) calendar days of the time

the moving Party may have been reasonably expected to have learned of

the event. When an alleged violation involves more than one employee,

the Union is encouraged to file one grievance on behalf of all affected

employees.

Grievance(s) shall include:

a.  Date of alleged violation and date submitted;

b.  Name of the grievant;

c.  The name of his/her Union representative;

d.  Issue(s)/subject;

e.  Statement of facts and description of dispute;

f.  Alleged contractual provision(s) violated. This is not meant to be

all inclusive;

g.  Remedy sought;

h.  Whether or not a meeting is requested.

Step 1. An aggrieved employee's grievance shall be submitted, in writing,

to his/her immediate supervisor (who may be the Air Traffic Manager)

30

within twenty (20) calendar days of the event giving rise to the grievance

or within twenty (20) calendar days of the time the employee may have

been reasonably expected to have learned of the event. If the employee's

immediate supervisor is not on duty, the employee may submit the

grievance to any agent of management who is on duty during the

employee’s shift. If requested, the agent shall sign for receipt of the

grievance.

If requested on the grievance submission, the Agency shall promptly

arrange for a meeting at a mutually agreeable time, to occur no later than

ten (10) calendar days following the date the employee submitted the

grievance. The employee and his/her representative shall be given a

reasonable amount of time (duty time for the employee/official time for

the Union representative) to present the grievance. The Agency Step 1

deciding official shall answer the grievance in writing within twenty (20)

calendar days following the meeting, or within twenty (20) calendar days

following the submission of the grievance. If the grievance is denied, the

reasons for denial will be in the written response. The decision shall be

delivered personally to the employee and his/her Union representative, if

they are on duty. Otherwise, another appropriate method of delivery shall

be used.

All settlement agreements shall be reduced to writing.

Step 2. If the employee or the Union is not satisfied with the Step 1

answer, the grievance may be submitted to the Air Traffic Manager,

District Manager,  or corresponding level as appropriate for Union or

Agency initiated grievances at this Step, within twenty (20) calendar days

following the receipt of the answer or the day the answer was due. In

those facilities where the Air Traffic Manager is also the supervisor, the

AFSIAG/District Manager or his/her designee shall be the official to hear

the grievance at this Step. In such cases, the grievance may be submitted

through the Air Traffic Manager. If requested, the appropriate Agency

official at the corresponding level or his/her designee as appropriate,

shall, prior to making a decision, afford the employee and/or Union

representative an opportunity to present the grievance orally at a mutually

agreeable time in a location that affords privacy. The employee and

his/her representative shall be given a reasonable amount of time (duty

time for the employee/official time for the Union representative) to

present the grievance. The Agency Step 2 deciding official shall answer

the grievance in writing within twenty (20) calendar days following the

meeting, or within twenty (20) calendar days following the submission of

31

the grievance. If the grievance is denied, the reasons for denial will be in

the written response.

In disciplinary/adverse action cases, the Agency Step 2 deciding official

shall answer the grievance in writing within seven (7) calendar days

following the meeting, or within seven (7) calendar days following the

submission of the grievance if no meeting is requested. If the grievance is

denied, the reasons for denial will be in the written response.

Decisions shall be delivered personally to the employee and his/her Union

representative, if they are on duty. Otherwise, another appropriate method

of delivery shall be used.

All settlement agreements shall be reduced to writing.

Step 3. If the Union is not satisfied with the Step 2 decision, the Union at

the national level may, within thirty (30) calendar days following receipt

of the Step 2 decision or the date the answer was due, notify the Director,

Office of Labor and Employee Relations, that it desires the matter to be

submitted to arbitration. Such notification shall be via certified mail or

other similar system that requires a signature upon receipt.

Optionally, within thirty (30) calendar days following receipt of the Step 2

decision or the date the answer was due, the Union at the regional level

may advise the Manager, Regional Labor Relations Branch, via certified

mail or other similar system that requires a signature upon receipt, that it

desires the matter to be submitted for Pre-Arbitration Review (PAR). If

PAR is requested, the grievance will be processed in accordance with

Section 8 of this Agreement. Grievance(s) initiated at the national level are

not subject to the PAR process.

If the grievance originated at the regional or national level and the moving

Party is not satisfied with the decision, they shall advise the respondent at

the national level by certified mail or other similar system that requires a

signature, they desire the matter to be submitted to arbitration, within

thirty (30) days following the receipt of the respondent's answer or the date

the answer was due.

Section 8. Pre-Arbitration Review:

a.  Unless mutually agreed otherwise, at least once quarterly, for a

period of three (3) consecutive days, at a mutually agreeable time

and place, the Union's Regional Vice President or his/her designee

32

and up to four (4) additional Union representatives chosen by the

Union shall meet with the designees of the Agency, to discuss and

attempt to resolve grievances pending after review at Section 7,

Step 2 of this procedure. No later than thirty (30) days prior to the

meeting, the Union shall make every reasonable effort to provide

the Agency the names of the designated representatives.

b.  The Parties agree that official time, not to exceed sixteen (16)

hours per day for the Eastern, Southern, Great Lakes, Western

Pacific and Southwest regions and eight (8) hours per day for the

Alaskan, New England, Northwest Mountain and Central regions,

shall be granted to participate in the PAR. This official time may

be delegated by the Union amongst the PAR representatives

designated in accordance with subsection (a). No later than thirty

(30) days prior to the meeting, the Union shall make every

reasonable effort to provide the Agency the names of the

designated representatives and the delegated official time amounts.

c.  No later than thirty (30) days prior to the scheduled PAR meeting,

the Union's Regional Vice President and Agency's Regional

Manager, Labor Relations, or designees, shall meet to identify the

grievances pending PAR and the order they will be discussed at

the PAR meeting.  Order shall be determined by the Union.

Disputes regarding whether a grievance is pending does not waive

the Union's right to request arbitration of that grievance.

Grievances not adjudicated or discussed during the PAR meeting

may not be held in abeyance.

d.  The Parties at the regional level shall maintain a panel of three (3)

mediators/arbitrators to serve as neutral evaluators in the PAR

process. The panel shall be mutually selected and agreed upon.

The neutral evaluator shall be present with the Parties during the

duration of the PAR meeting. The neutral evaluator's fees and

expenses incurred under this process shall be borne equally by the

Parties.  The Parties agree to utilize the provisions of Section 9(b)

of this Article when seeking to remove a neutral evaluator from

the PAR neutral panel.

Unless mutually agreed otherwise, there shall be no more than

two (2) designees for each Party at the table presenting grievances

for neutral evaluation. Nothing shall preclude one of either

Parties’ PAR representatives from observing the proceedings

while other representatives are presenting grievances for neutral

33

evaluation.  Additional PAR representatives acting as observers

shall be by mutual consent.  Observers shall not speak or

otherwise participate during the proceedings.  If either side

determines that an observer is being disruptive, then they may ask

the observer to be excused from the proceedings.

Proceedings before the neutral evaluator shall be informal in

nature. The presentation of documentation is allowed during the

PAR. Copies of documentation used shall be provided to the

other Party. Formal rules of evidence will not apply, and no

transcript of the neutral evaluation meeting shall be made. The

Parties further understand that:

(1) The PAR meeting is not a hearing;

(2) The evaluator is not acting in the capacity of judge or

arbitrator;

(3) The neutral evaluator will not act in the capacity of a

judge or arbitrator in the subject grievance at any time

in the future;

(4) The evaluator's opinions are not binding on any Party and

any settlement reached will be only by the mutual consent

of the Parties;

(5) The Parties retain their rights to binding arbitration if they do

not reach a settlement. The Parties also reserve the right, at

any time during this process, to settle, withdraw or sustain the

grievance. By mutual agreement, the Parties may choose to

exclude a grievance from the PAR process. Agreement to

exclude a grievance does not waive the Union's right to appeal

the grievance to arbitration in accordance with Section 9 of

this Article.  If at the PAR meeting, the Parties mutually agree

to exclude a grievance from the PAR process, the timeline for

the Union to request arbitration shall begin the day after the

conclusion of the PAR meeting;

(6) The Parties agree that from the date the Union identifies the

grievances pending the PAR to the conclusion of the PAR

meeting, the Parties may identify local and regional grievances

that are the subject of pending national grievances.  Such

grievances will be withdrawn from the PAR process and held

34

in abeyance utilizing the abeyance template referenced in

Appendix E;

(7) The Parties agree that the PAR is inclusive of grievances that

arise from within the Air Traffic, Staff Specialist, Traffic

Management, AOS, FSS and NOTAM bargaining units.  The

length and frequency of the PAR meeting shall be in

accordance with Section 8(a) of this Article; and

(8) The Parties agree to utilize the forms contained in Appendix E

for the resolution of grievances at PAR.  This shall include

the: holding of a grievance in abeyance, settling of a

grievance, sustaining of a grievance, remanding of a grievance

to the local level, withdrawal of a grievance, and PAR

Summary Report completed and submitted in accordance with

the PAR Summary Reporting instructions.

e.  Questions as to whether or not a grievance is on a matter subject

to the Parties' grievance procedure, or is subject to arbitration,

shall be submitted to the evaluator for an opinion. If the Parties

cannot agree with the evaluator's opinion on the threshold

issue(s), the matter may be submitted to binding arbitration.

f.  During the PAR, the evaluator may address questions to the

Parties. Each Party shall have an opportunity to present a brief oral

statement not to exceed fifteen (15) minutes, of which a portion

may be reserved for rebuttal.

The neutral evaluator shall issue an oral evaluation to the Parties

advising them of his or her opinion as to the likely disposition of

the grievance if it were to proceed to an arbitration hearing and

the reasons therefore. Such opinion may include a candid

assessment of the strengths and weaknesses of the Parties'

claims and defenses and suggested settlement options. The

neutral evaluator's evaluation shall be reduced to writing, signed

by the Parties and the neutral evaluator, and copies provided to

the Parties.

g.  The neutral evaluator may assist the Parties in mediation and/or

settlement discussions. If at any time, the Parties are able to reach

agreement, the Parties shall reduce the agreement to writing,

specifying all the terms of their agreement bearing on the

resolution of the dispute, and sign it.

35

The Parties are encouraged to use the neutral evaluator's opinion

as a basis for reaching resolution. If resolution is not reached and

this grievance is presented at binding arbitration, the Party that

disagreed with the neutral evaluator's opinion shall incur the

arbitrator's fees and expenses if it does not prevail at the

arbitration hearing. The arbitration decision must be sustained in

full or denied in full for the said Party to incur the arbitrator's fees

and expenses. In all other cases submitted for arbitration that are

not sustained in full or denied in full, the arbitrator's fees and

expenses of arbitration incurred shall be borne equally by the

Parties.

h.  The PAR meeting is an expedited process designed to produce

finality as to unresolved grievances. Normally, decisions by the

Parties with respect to the neutral evaluator's recommendations

will be rendered during the PAR meeting. However, either Party

may request an extension, not to exceed five (5) business days.

Failure to respond during that period shall constitute a rejection

of the neutral evaluator's recommendation.

i.  For grievances not adjudicated at PAR, the Union at the national

level may, within thirty (30) calendar days following receipt of

the decision or date the answer was due, notify the Director,

Office of Labor and Employee Relations, that it desires the matter

to be submitted to arbitration in accordance with Section 9 of this

Article. Such notification shall be via certified mail or other

similar system that requires a signature upon receipt.

Section 9. Arbitration

a.  The Parties shall maintain a national panel of ten (10) mutually

agreeable arbitrators and a panel of ten (10) mutually agreeable

arbitrators in each FAA region. Arbitrators selected for panels

must also agree to hear expedited arbitration cases.

b.  An arbitrator on the panel may be removed from the list by either

Party by giving a thirty (30) day written notice to the arbitrator

with a copy to the other Party. Upon receipt of written notice, no

further cases will be assigned to that arbitrator, but the arbitrator

will hear and decide any case(s) already assigned to him/her.

Additionally, the Parties may mutually agree to remove an

arbitrator from the panel at any time. In any case where an

36

arbitrator has been removed, another arbitrator shall be mutually

selected to fill the vacancy.

c.  Within ten (10) calendar days after a request for arbitration, the

Parties shall meet for the purpose of mutually selecting an

arbitrator from the panel or by alternately striking names until one

(1) remains. The Parties agree to cooperate in the scheduling

process to ensure cases are heard as expeditiously as possible. As

a general concept, cases shall be scheduled in order of receipt of

the request. At the request of either Party, disciplinary/adverse

action cases or those determined to be of urgent nature shall be

given priority. Once an arbitrator has been selected, the arbitrator

will be contacted within seven (7) days for available dates. The

Parties shall normally secure the first available mutually agreed

upon date. The scheduling process shall normally be completed

within thirty (30) days from the date of receipt of a request for

arbitration. If, after requesting arbitration, the Union fails for a

period of one hundred eighty (180) days to participate in the

scheduling of a case before an arbitrator, any continuing liability

shall be tolled. If, after requesting arbitration, the Union fails to

participate in the scheduling of a case before an arbitrator for

three hundred sixty (360) days, the grievance shall be deemed to

have been withdrawn with prejudice. If the Agency fails to

respond to the Union's request to schedule a case before an

arbitrator within one hundred eighty (180) days, the grievance

shall be considered to have been granted.

d.  For grievances filed under any section of this Article, once a date

has been scheduled, any changes to scheduled hearing dates shall

be mutually agreed upon by the Parties. In the event of a

cancellation by the arbitrator, the moving Party may request the

selection process be restarted in accordance with this Section. The

grievance shall be heard at a site mutually agreeable to the Parties.

In the event the Parties cannot agree on the date(s) or location, the

arbitrator shall be contacted to make the decision.

e.  When the grievance is denied in full or sustained in full, the

arbitrator's fees and expenses shall be borne by the Party that did

not prevail. The arbitration decision must be sustained in full or

denied in full for the said Party to incur the arbitrator's fees and

expenses. In all other cases submitted for arbitration that are not

sustained in full or denied in full, the arbitrator's fees and expenses

of arbitration incurred shall be borne equally by the Parties.

37

f.  The Parties must mutually agree to any postponement or

cancellation of any scheduled arbitration hearing. Unless mutually

agreed upon, any costs associated with the cancellation of an

arbitration will be borne by the cancelling Party. If a verbatim

transcript of the hearing is made and either Party desires a copy of

the transcript, that Party will bear the expense of the copy or

copies they obtain. The Parties will share equally the cost of the

transcript, if any, supplied to the arbitrator.

Section 10. The Union advocate, if an employee of the Agency, shall be

granted sixteen (16) hours of official time for preparation for the hearing.

Additional release time may be granted, unless staffing and workload do

not permit. Such time may be annual leave, leave without pay, or a

combination thereof, at the discretion of the employee. The grievant and/or

the Union advocate shall be given a reasonable amount of official time to

present the grievance. Agency employees who are called as witnesses shall

be in a duty status, if otherwise in a duty status, including reasonable travel

time. Absent an emergency, the Agency agrees to produce witnesses

requested by the Union and adjust their schedules to allow them to appear

in a duty status. The Parties will exchange lists of potential witnesses to an

arbitration hearing fourteen (14) days prior to the scheduled hearing. Each

Party shall bear the expense of its own witnesses who are not employed by

the Agency. The arbitrator shall submit his/her decision to the Agency

advocate and the Union advocate, as soon as possible, but in no event later

than thirty (30) calendar days following the close of the record before

him/her, unless the Parties waive this requirement. The decision of the

arbitrator is final and binding. If the Union advocate elects to submit a post

hearing brief, the Union's case advocate, if an employee of the Agency,

will be granted annual leave or leave without pay, unless staffing and

workload do not permit. Leave without pay shall not exceed twenty-four

(24) hours for this purpose.

Section 11. Expedited Arbitration:

a.

If the Union at the national level elects to process a

disciplinary/adverse action under this Section, rather than Section

7, it shall, within twenty (20) calendar days following the effective

date of the disciplinary/adverse action, notify the Director, Office

of Labor and Employee Relations, that it desires the matter to be

submitted directly to expedited arbitration. This request will

include a completed grievance as described in Section 7. Within

seven (7) calendar days after receipt of the request, arbitrators

38

from the regional or national panel, as appropriate, shall be polled

for available dates. Unless mutually agreed otherwise, the

arbitrator with the first available date shall normally be used. In

the event of a tie, an arbitrator shall be selected by alternately

striking names until one (1) remains. The arbitrator shall issue a

decision as soon as possible, but no later than twenty-one (21)

calendar days after the hearing has been held. The necessity for

transcripts or filing of briefs shall be determined on a case-by-case

basis. The election of either Party to request a transcript and/or file

a post-hearing brief shall not delay the timeframe for the arbitrator

to render his/her decision.

b.  In cases other than disciplinary/adverse actions, either Party at the

national level may refer a particular grievance to expedited

arbitration in lieu of the normal arbitration process in this Article.

The Arbitrator selection process defined in Section 11(a) shall be

used.

The hearing shall be conducted as soon as possible and shall be

informal in nature. There shall be no briefs, no official transcripts,

no formal rules of evidence, and the arbitrator shall issue a

decision as soon as possible, but no later than five (5) calendar

days after the official closing of the hearing unless otherwise

agreed between the Parties. Determinations as to whether

expedited arbitration shall be utilized in cases other than

disciplinary/adverse actions shall be based on the facts and

circumstances of each case; however, only those grievances where

the passage of time would preclude a remedy or result in

irreparable harm are subject to this expedited procedure.

Disagreements as to whether a grievance is appropriate for this

expedited procedure shall be referred to the arbitrator for decision.

Cases other than disciplinary/adverse action are subject to the

grievance process prior to expedited arbitration.

Section 12. The arbitrator shall confine himself/herself to the precise

issue(s) submitted for arbitration and shall have no authority to determine

any other issue(s) not so submitted to him/her.

Section 13. Failure of the moving Party to proceed with a grievance within

any of the time limits specified in this procedure shall render the grievance

void or settled on the basis of the last decision given by the respondent,

unless an extension of time limits has been agreed upon. Failure of the

respondent to render a decision or conduct a meeting within any time

39

limits specified in this procedure shall entitle the moving Party to progress

the grievance to the next step without a decision. Any time limits

contained in this Article may be extended by mutual agreement of the

Parties. A request for extension may be made orally, but approval must be

in writing (including email) and given within three (3) workdays after the

request is made.

Section 14. The Parties may, by mutual agreement, stipulate the facts and

the issue(s) in a particular case directly to an arbitrator for decision without

a formal hearing. Argument will be by written brief.

Section 15. Questions as to whether or not a grievance is on a matter

subject to the grievance procedure in this Agreement or is subject to

arbitration shall be submitted to the arbitrator for decision.

Section 16. In the handling of grievances under this Article and where law

and OPM regulations permit, the Union shall have access to such

information as is relevant and necessary to the processing of the grievance.

Section 17. The Parties retain their rights under Title 5 USC 7122 and

7123.

Section 18. Unless otherwise agreed at the national level, non-expedited

arbitration decisions rendered at the regional level shall have precedential

effect only within that region.

Section 19. The Parties agree, as a general rule, issues pending the

grievance process shall be handled by the Parties at the appropriate levels

as defined within this Agreement.

ARTICLE 10

DISCIPLINARY/ADVERSE ACTIONS

Section 1. This Article covers actions involving oral and written

admonishments, written reprimands, suspensions, removals, reductions-in-

grade or pay, or furloughs of thirty (30) days or less for reasons other than

a lapse in Congressional appropriations. Involuntary reassignments will

only be made to promote the efficiency of the service, and will not be

made to discriminate or punish, or for any reason that would violate law,

rule, regulation, or this Agreement.

This Article does not apply to the removal of probationers.

40

Section 2. When the Agency decides that corrective action is necessary,

consideration should be given to the application of measures that, while

not disciplinary, will instruct the offending employee and/or remedy the

problem. When it is determined that discipline is appropriate, informal

disciplinary measures should be considered before taking a more severe

action. However, it is not necessary to have taken an informal disciplinary

measure before administering a formal measure.

Section 3. Unless otherwise specified in this Agreement,

disciplinary/adverse actions taken against an employee, whether conduct

or performance based, will be in accordance with the FAA Personnel

Management System, Chapter III, Paragraph 3, dated March 28, 1996.

All actions under this Article will be taken only for such cause as will

promote the efficiency of the service regardless of whether they are based

on conduct or performance.  Any action taken by the Agency shall be

supported by a preponderance of the evidence.

Section 4. An employee's off-duty misconduct shall not result in

disciplinary action, unless a nexus can be shown between the employee's

off-duty misconduct and the efficiency of the service. Any proposed action

for off-duty misconduct will contain a statement of the nexus between the

off-duty misconduct and the efficiency of the service.

Section 5. All facts pertaining to a disciplinary/adverse action shall be

developed as promptly as possible. Actions under this Article shall be

promptly initiated after all the facts have been made known to the Agency.

Section 6. Except for oral and written admonishments and written

reprimands, the following procedures will be used to take

disciplinary/adverse actions:

a.  The Agency shall give the employee written notice proposing the

action. The notice period shall be at least fifteen (15) days for

disciplinary actions and at least thirty (30) days for adverse actions

unless there is reasonable cause to believe the employee has

committed a crime for which a sentence of imprisonment may be

imposed. The notice must state the specific reasons for the action.

b.  The employee has the opportunity to reply to the notice orally and

in writing within fifteen (15) days from the date the employee

receives notice proposing the action. However, if the action is

41

taken under the "crime provision" the employee is entitled to a

reasonable amount of time but not less than seven (7) days to

reply.

c.  The employee's representative may participate in the employee's

oral reply.

d.  The Agency shall consider the employee's reply, and then give the

employee a written decision concerning the proposed action.

Section 7. In addition to the provisions of Section 6, the following

provisions are applicable to cases of reductions-in-grade or pay, or

removal for unacceptable performance:

a.

If the final decision is to sustain the proposed removal or

downgrade, the decision letter must specify the instances of

unacceptable performance on which it is based and the decision

must be concurred with by a management representative who is in

a higher position than the management representative who

proposed the action. The decision may only be based on those

instances of unacceptable performance that occurred within one

(1) year prior to the date of the written notice described in Section

6(a).

b.  If, because of performance improvements by the employee during

the notice period, the employee is not reduced in grade or

removed, and the employee's performance continues to be

acceptable for one (1) year from the date of the written notice

described in Section 6(a), any entry or other notation of the

unacceptable performance for which the action was proposed shall

be removed from the employee's Electronic Official Personnel File

(eOPF) and Employee Performance File (EPF).

Section 8. No advance written notice is required for the issuance of a

written reprimand. The reprimand must state the specific reasons for the

action. The employee may present an oral or written reply within fifteen

(15) days of receipt of the reprimand. The Agency will consider the

employee's reply and notify the employee in writing of the decision. If the

reprimand is sustained, a copy of it, along with the employee's written

reply, will be placed in the employee's eOPF for a period of time not to

exceed two (2) years.

42

Section 9. An employee against whom disciplinary/adverse action is

proposed under this Article shall have the right to a copy of all the

information relied upon to support the proposal.

Section 10. The Agency's action may not be sustained if a harmful error is

shown.

Section 11. The employee and the Union representative shall be granted a

reasonable amount of excused absence and official time of up to sixteen

(16) hours, if otherwise in a duty status, in cases involving removal,

reduction-in-grade or pay, furloughs of thirty (30) days or less for reasons

other than a lapse in Congressional appropriations, or suspensions, for

preparation and presentation of answers to proposed actions under this

Article. The timing of the grant of excused absence shall, to the maximum

extent possible, be scheduled at the employee's convenience.

Section 12. Letters of confirmation of discussion shall not be considered

disciplinary in nature, but may be used to document future disciplinary

actions, provided the employee has been given a copy upon completion. If

a letter of confirmation of discussion is prepared, a copy will be provided

to the employee as soon as practicable after the discussion.

Section 13. Although not exhaustive, the Agency's Table of Penalties

should be used, when applicable, as a guide to determine an appropriate

penalty. If applicable, appropriate penalties for offenses not listed in the

Table of Penalties may be derived by comparing the nature and

seriousness of the offense to those listed in the Table, the employee's

previous history of discipline, and other relevant factors in each individual

case. In assessing penalties, consideration will be given to the length of

time that has elapsed from the date of any previous offense. As a general

guide, a two (2) year timeframe should be used in determining freshness.

Section 14. In making its determination that disciplinary/adverse action is

necessary and when determining the appropriateness of a penalty, the

Agency shall consider the factors as outlined in Douglas v. Veterans

Administration, 5 MSPB 313 (1981).

Section 15. Any notification to an employee, which is not made

personally, shall be accomplished by certified mail return receipt

requested.

Section 16. The Agency at the national level may allow an employee

subject to removal or suspension of more than fourteen (14) days the

43

opportunity to exhaust all appeal rights available under this Agreement

before the suspension or removal becomes effective.

Section 17. An employee against whom a disciplinary/adverse action is

taken may grieve that action under Article 9 of this Agreement, or any

other applicable statutory procedure, but not both.

Section 18. The Agency shall brief all employees on the provisions of the

Conduct and Discipline Manual annually.

ARTICLE 11

DUES WITHHOLDING

Section 1. Payroll Deductions

a.  Pursuant to 5 USC 7115, deductions for the payment of Union

dues shall be made from the pay of members in the unit who

voluntarily request such dues deductions.

b.  The amount of national dues to be withheld under this Agreement

shall be the regular dues of the member as specified on the

member's Standard Form 1187 (SF-1187), Request for Payroll

Deductions for Labor Organizations, or as certified by the Union

if the amount of regular dues has been changed as provided in

Section 3(b) of this Article. A deduction of regular national dues

shall be made every pay period from the pay of an employee who

has requested such allotment for dues. It is agreed that no

deduction for dues shall be made in any pay period for which the

employee's net earnings, after other deductions, are insufficient to

cover the full amount of dues.

c.  Dues deductions for payment of local dues under the terms and

conditions contained in this Agreement for the withholding of

national dues are also authorized. Local Union dues to be

deducted each regular pay period shall be determined by the local

Union. A separate SF-1187 must be submitted to authorize such

deduction. If the amount of regular local Union dues is changed

by the local Union under the terms contained in this Agreement,

the local Union will notify the appropriate servicing payroll office

in writing that the amount of local dues has changed and will

certify as to the new amount of local dues to be deducted each

regular pay period. The local Union shall be responsible for

44

notifying the appropriate servicing payroll office of the address

where checks for local Union dues should be sent. Local Union

dues shall be automatically terminated upon permanent

reassignment of an employee from the facility from which local

dues were being deducted.

Section 2. Employee Responsibilities

a.  A member who desires to have his/her dues deducted from his/her

pay must complete the appropriate portion of SF-1187 and have

the appropriate section completed and signed by an authorized

official of the Union who will forward it to the appropriate

payroll processing center. The authorized official of the Union

will include "594" for ATCSs, TMC/TMS, and NOTAMs and

“674” for FSS on the SF-1187 as the appropriate payroll

identification for NATCA. The form must be received in the

payroll office at least four (4) days prior to the beginning of the

pay period in which the deduction is to begin.

b.  An employee who has authorized the withholding of Union dues

may request revocation of such authorization after one (1) year by

completion and submission of a Standard Form 1188 (SF-1188),

Cancellation of Payroll Deductions for Labor Organization Dues,

to the appropriate payroll processing center in accordance with

the procedures below:

(1)  First year members: An SF-1188 may be filed anytime by

an employee during the thirty (30) calendar-day period

beginning forty-five (45) days prior to the anniversary date

of his/her first dues withholding and ending fifteen (15) days

prior to the anniversary date. It is the employee's

responsibility to ensure timely filing of his/her revocation

forms. Revocation forms shall only be accepted by the

Agency during this time period. The payroll office shall

notify the Union, in writing, of all revocations and provide a

copy of the SF-1188 at the time the revocation is made

effective.

(2)  All other members: March 1 shall be the annual date for all

revocations of Union dues. The employee must complete

and submit an SF-1188 to the Agency between the dates of

January 1 to January 31 of any given year. Upon receipt of a

valid revocation form completed and signed by the

45

employee, the appropriate Agency payroll processing center

shall discontinue withholding the dues from the employee's

pay effective only with the first full pay period which begins

after the following March 1. The payroll office shall notify

the Union, in writing, of all revocations and provide a copy

of the SF-1188 at the time the revocation is made effective.

c.  Employees are responsible for ensuring that their dues

withholding status is accurately reflected each pay period on the

Earnings and Leave Statement. Employees shall, through

appropriate facility channels, notify the payroll processing center

promptly of any errors. Failure or delay by an employee to

promptly initiate and actively pursue any such errors may release

the Agency and the Union from any obligation to reimburse the

employee for dues withheld.

d.  All deductions of dues provided for in this Agreement shall be

automatically terminated upon separation of an employee from

the bargaining unit. The Agency shall be responsible for notifying

the appropriate servicing payroll processing center when one of

these actions occurs.

e.  The Agency shall not refer former bargaining unit employees to

the Union to obtain refunds for erroneously withheld dues.

Section 3. Union Responsibilities

a.  The Union shall be responsible for purchasing and distributing

the SF-1187. The Union shall also be responsible for the proper

completion and certification of the forms and transmitting them

to the appropriate payroll processing center.

b.  The Union agrees to inform the Agency of the following:

(1)  If the amount of regular national dues is changed by the

Union, the Union will notify the Director, Office of Labor

and Employee Relations, in writing and will certify as to

the new amount of regular national dues to be deducted

each pay period. New SF-1187 authorization forms will not

be required. Changes in the amount of Union dues for

payroll deduction purposes shall not be made more

frequently than once in a twelve (12) month period.

46

(2)  The Union agrees to give prompt, written notification to the

appropriate payroll office within one (1) pay period, in the

event an employee having dues deducted is suspended or

expelled from membership in the Union, so that the

employee allotment can be terminated.

(3)  Immediate written notification will be provided to the

Director, Office of Labor and Employee Relations, of any

changes to the address or bank routing number for NATCA

Headquarters where the electronic transfer for the total amount

of dues deducted is sent.

Section 4. Agency Responsibilities

a.  The total amount of dues deducted each pay period shall be

authorized by the appropriate payroll processing center and

electronically transferred to the Union no later than ten (10)

working days after the close of each pay period. The Union shall

not incur any fees for this service. Each pay period, the Union

shall be provided with an electronic list showing the names of

employees, the amount deducted for dues for each employee, and

the amount remitted by the accompanying electronic funds transfer

(EFT).

b.  To ensure dues withholding without interruption for employees

who change positions within the bargaining unit, the Agency shall

implement the following actions:

(1)  Automatically generate in the remarks section of the

employee's Notification of Personnel Action (SF-50) the

statement "Continue Dues Withholding, If Applicable."

(2)

Provide the SF-50 to the gaining payroll technician within

the next pay period of the effective date the employee

moves from one bargaining unit position to another.

(3)  Generate a tickler record every pay period listing the

employees for whom the preceding remark was generated.

(4)

In the event that dues are discontinued erroneously, the

Agency shall automatically reinstitute the previously

submitted SF-1187 on the dropped employee's behalf. The

Agency shall be responsible for reimbursing the Union in

47

an amount equal to the regular and periodic dues the Union

would have received for the period of termination.

c.  The Agency shall terminate dues withholding, as soon as

practicable, when an employee leaves a bargaining unit position,

either temporarily or permanently, by effecting the following

actions:

(1)  Automatically generate in the remarks section of the

employee's Notification of Personnel Action (SF-50) the

statement "Employee Has Left Bargaining Unit; Terminate

Dues Withholding, If Applicable."

(2)  Provide the SF-50 to the gaining payroll technician within

the next pay period of the effective date the employee

leaves the bargaining unit position.

(3)  Generate a tickler record every pay period listing the

employees for whom the preceding remark was generated.

In the event that an employee's dues are continued erroneously

due to the action or inaction of the Agency, the Agency shall be

responsible for reimbursing the employee, consistent with the

provisions of Section 2(c) of this Article.

d.  If the Agency makes an erroneous payment to the Union or

employee, the Agency shall correct the erroneous payment by

billing the Union or employee directly within thirty (30) days from

the payment date. After the Agency bills the Union or employee to

correct an erroneous payment, the Union or employee shall verify

that the billing is correct and repay the erroneous payment to the

Agency within thirty (30) days of being notified of the error. If

there is no dispute concerning the overpayment, the Union or

employee may negotiate a payment schedule with the Agency. The

Union or an employee may request a waiver of overpayment in

accordance with the Agency's directives. Upon such a request, any

repayment will be held in abeyance pending a final decision.

48

ARTICLE 12

ADDITIONAL VOLUNTARY ALLOTMENT DEDUCTIONS

Section 1. In addition to the regular deductions authorized by Agency

directives for national and local Union dues, the Agency shall permit

employees to voluntarily designate four (4) additional allotments from

their pay, provided said allotments are for a lawful purpose deemed

appropriate by the head of the Agency, as permitted by 5 CFR 550.311(b).

Section 2. An employee electing to have a voluntary deduction would

complete a voluntary deduction election form. On this form, the employee

would designate the institution and the amount he/she elects to have

regularly deducted from their pay and forwarded to the Union. The

employee would then forward this form to the Union.

Section 3. The Union will review the form for completeness and verify

that the employee submitting the form is eligible for the program. The

Union would then forward the form to the employee's payroll processing

center.

Section 4. At the payroll processing center, the payroll technician will

again review the form for completeness. Following review, the form would

be entered into the Agency's payroll system. Upon entry, the data would be

edited to ensure that:

a.  a record for the employee exists on the Employee Master Record;

b.  the employee's job series equals 2152; and

c.

the amount being withheld does not exceed $5,000.

These actions would be completed by the end of the pay period following

the pay period in which the document was received.

Section 5. Upon entry and acceptance of the above data into the Agency's

payroll system, the amount designated will be withheld each pay period

from the employee's salary. The Agency's payroll system will accumulate

all amounts withheld per pay period and prepare and forward to the

Treasury Disbursing Office a Standard Form 1166 (SF-1166), Voucher

and Schedule of Payments, for a single payment in the amount of the total

accumulated deductions. In addition, the Agency's payroll system will

generate and forward to the Union a detailed report by region listing each

employee, the employee's address, and amount withheld in support of the

49

amount remitted each pay period. The Agency's payroll system will also

record accumulated year-to-date (pay year) totals for each individual's

deductions and will cease taking deductions when the amount deducted

would cause the year-to-date total deduction to exceed $5,000. The report

will be provided to the Union electronically.

Section 6. Responsibilities.

a.  Employee

(1)  Completes voluntary deduction election form designating

the institution and amount to be regularly withheld.

(2)  Ensures that the deduction has been initiated and is for the

correct amount on his/her Earnings and Leave Statement.

b.  Union

(1)  Verifies employee's eligibility to elect voluntary deduction.

(2)  Forwards all validated election forms to the employee's

payroll processing center.

(3)  Promptly notifies the payroll processing center when an

employee is no longer eligible to participate in the

program.

(4)  Provides refunds to employees for amounts erroneously

deducted.

c.  Payroll Processing Center

(1)  Promptly processes all voluntary deduction election forms

and cancellation requests.

(2)

Informs employee of any problems with processing the

voluntary deduction.

(3)  Returns to the Union any voluntary deduction forms that

cannot be processed.

d.  Payroll Operations Branch

50

(1)  Ensures voluntary deductions are withheld by the

Agency's payroll system and are remitted to the Union.

(2)  Verifies amounts withheld by Agency's payroll system and

remitted to the Union equals the supporting detail report.

Section 7. Miscellaneous.

a.  Employees are eligible to elect or cancel a voluntary deduction to

the Union at any time. The election form may be used for both

electing or cancelling a voluntary deduction.

b.  In order of precedence, voluntary deductions for the Union will be

taken after Union dues are deducted, if the employee has a

deduction for Union dues. Otherwise, the order of precedence is

handled as any other voluntary deduction.

c.  Payroll processing centers will be responsible for cancelling and

reestablishing the voluntary deduction when an employee transfers

between payroll processing centers.

ARTICLE 13

UNION PUBLICATIONS AND INFORMATION AND USE OF

AGENCY'S FACILITIES

Section 1. The Agency shall provide a separate bulletin board for posting

of Union materials at all air traffic facilities within the unit in non-work

areas frequented by bargaining unit employees. A locking glass cover may

be installed on the Union bulletin board at Union expense. The Parties at

the local level will determine the exact location and size of the Union

bulletin board.

Union literature placed on the Union bulletin board must not:







violate any laws or regulations;

contain items relating to partisan political matters; or

violate the security of the Agency.

Section 2. The Union or any of its representatives/agents may distribute

material to employees in non-work areas at non-work times. All non-

Agency representatives/agents must adhere to facility access procedures.

51

Section 3. The Principal Facility Representative and/or his/her designee

shall be given reasonable access to FAA telephone lines, printers,

computers, facsimile machines, and copy machines for the purpose of

conducting official labor relations business regarding grievances and other

representational matters. Government telephone lines shall not be used to

conduct internal Union business.

Section 4. The Union shall ensure that its private networks and associated

internet connectivity installed prior to or after the effective date of this

Agreement, are separate and distinct from the FAA network.  If the

Union’s network is found not to be separate and distinct, the Union will

immediately take action to disconnect its network from the FAA’s

network.

In the event of changes to the Agency's policies and practices concerning

installing and maintaining private networks and associated internet

connectivity, the Agency will meet any bargaining obligation in

accordance with Article 7 of this Agreement.

Section 5. The Agency will not monitor and/or utilize data acquisition

technology to intercept the Union’s network traffic and/or individual

packets by any means during the normal course of network defense

supporting government owned information systems.  If a matter or issue

does arise requiring the Agency to monitor and/or utilize data acquisition

technology to intercept the Union’s network traffic and/or individual

packets, the Agency will notify the Union in accordance with the existing

laws, regulations, and policies.

Section 6. In facilities where suitable shelf space is available in non-work

areas, the Union shall be permitted to use such shelf space as a library for

Union acquired publications.

Section 7. In facilities where unused suitable space is available in non-

work areas, the Union shall be permitted to use such space for the

placement of file cabinets or other similar equipment. Such space may be

an office if the Agency determines one is available. Should the space be

required for other purposes, new space arrangements shall be negotiated in

accordance with Article 7 of this Agreement. The Agency shall make a

reasonable effort to provide excess desks, chairs, file cabinets, or other

similar equipment for Union use. Any Union supplied equipment shall be

subject to approval of the Agency in terms of suitability from the

standpoint of decor.

52

Section 8. If a Union mail receptacle does not presently exist, the Agency

shall permit the Union to install an acceptable mail receptacle in a place

mutually agreed upon by the Parties. When possible, the Union mail

receptacle shall be in a location accessible to the Union at all times. The

Union may send mail at Union expense to the Principal Facility

Representative at the facility address. The Agency assumes no

responsibility for such mail; however, the Agency recognizes their

obligation to abide by the provisions of the United States Postal Service

regulations with respect to the privacy and security of mail.

Section 9. The Agency shall provide lockers for all employees that are

capable of being locked. The Agency agrees that, except where there is

probable cause to suspect criminal activity, the Agency shall not inspect

lockers unless the employee and a Union representative have been given

the opportunity to be present.

Section 10. The Agency shall approve the Union's use of facility space at

no cost to the Union for periodic meetings with employees in the unit,

provided the space requested is available and the use of the space does not

interfere with other facility requirements. These meetings shall take place

during the non-duty or non-work hours of the employees involved. On-

duty employees in a non-work status may be allowed to attend these Union

meetings, provided they are available for immediate recall.

Section 11. When a Union representative is performing representational

duties under this Agreement, the Agency shall make every reasonable

effort to provide meeting space that will protect the confidentiality of any

discussion.

Section 12. Union representatives may mail material to management

officials through the Agency’s internal mail system. In those facilities

where the Union does not have a resident Facility Representative, the

Union may communicate with bargaining unit employees through the

Agency's internal mail system, provided such mail involves

representational purposes.

Section 13. The Agency shall provide mail slots/boxes for all employees.

Employees shall not be required to share slots/boxes. The Union may place

literature in the mail slots/boxes during non-work times.

Section 14. The Union shall be permitted to place Union reading binders

adjacent to Agency general information reading binders. The binders shall

53

be clearly identified as Union materials. These binders are non-operational

and shall not be read on operating positions.

Section 15.  Employees shall not be required to use an Agency email

address during the Personal Identity Verification (PIV) Card enrollment

and issuance process.

Section 16. Employees shall not be held financially liable for replacing the

PIV Card in the event the card is lost or stolen.

Section 17. The Agency shall not use the data from the PIV Card to

determine the movement and the whereabouts of an employee during

working hours.  However, as with any security system, the stored data will

only be available through proper channels. Supervisors will not be able to

request data on when an employee used a door, turnstile, etc.  This

information will only be shared when requested as part of an ongoing

investigation (i.e. this data is not the basis for the investigation).

Section 18. Time spent obtaining a temporary PIV Card will not be

charged against an employee’s leave.

ARTICLE 14

NAMES OF EMPLOYEES AND COMMUNICATIONS

Section 1. The facility manager or his/her designee shall notify the Union's

Principal Facility Representative within fifteen (15) days whenever a

bargaining unit employee has resigned, retired, or died. The Agency shall

make every reasonable effort to notify the Principal Facility

Representative, on or prior to the effective date of the action, whenever a

bargaining unit employee is hired, transferred, promoted, or reassigned.

Section 2. Within thirty (30) days of the Union's request, the Agency shall

furnish to the Union, at the AFSIAG/regional or local level, a listing by

facility of the name, classification, title, and grade of each employee

covered by this Agreement. The Agency shall comply with up to two (2)

such requests for each facility within any twelve (12) month period.

Section 3. No later than ten (10) days after the end of each pay period, the

Agency shall furnish the Union's National Office with two (2) electronic

reports, sent in an electronic format, containing the following information

concerning employees in the bargaining unit:

54

Report 1

Report 2

First Name

Last Name

Middle Name

Bargaining Unit Series

Employee Common ID

Entry on Duty (EOD) date

FLSA Category

Work Schedule Code

Date of Birth

Classification (OCC_SER)

Pay Band Level

OPM Position Title

Grade

Region/Sub Region

Organizational Code

Organizational Title

Facility Address Routing

Symbol

Hourly Salary

Yearly Salary

Service Comp Date

OPM Pay Status Code

Statistical Specialist Code

Veterans Preference

Numerical Code

Supervisor Status Code

Duty Station Code

Duty Station Description

Employee Common ID

Last Name

First Name

Middle Name

Bargaining Unit

Bargaining Series coming

from

NOA code 1

NOA code 2

Date effective

Region/Sub Region

Region/Sub Region coming

from

Organizational Code

Organizational Title

Facility Address Routing

Symbol

Organization coming from

Organizational Title

coming from

Facility Address Routing

Symbol coming from

Date Status Created

Supervisor Status Code

Supervisor Level Code

Supervisor Level

Description

This information shall also include information whenever a bargaining unit

employee is hired, transferred, reassigned, or has resigned, retired, or died.

Section 4. The Agency agrees to permit the Union to distribute to each

bargaining unit employee annually a Union announcement card, notifying

the employee of the local representing him/her and that the Union is the

exclusive bargaining representative and soliciting information from the

employee so that the Union may provide maximum service to the

employee.

55

ARTICLE 15

USE OF OFFICIAL GOVERNMENT TELEPHONES

Section 1. If an employee is required to be held over for official business,

the Agency shall permit the employee to notify his/her home via

government telephone.

Section 2. The employee shall have reasonable access to unrecorded

telephones provided they are presently installed.

Section 3. Employees at their duty location shall have reasonable access to

government telephones to make one (1) brief personal call each day over

the commercial long distance network (toll-calls) if the calls are not

charged to the government.

Section 4. If an employee is required to remain in a travel status beyond

his/her scheduled itinerary, the Agency agrees to permit the employee to

notify his/her home via government or commercial telephone.

Section 5. When an employee is in a travel status for two (2) or more

consecutive nights, he/she will be authorized one (1) brief call to his/her

residence each day during non-duty periods on FTS service, if available. If

FTS is not available, each employee will be reimbursed for no more than

two (2) calls to his/her residence over the commercial long distance

network per week (or each seven (7) day period for longer trips). Calls

over commercial telephones will be reimbursed in accordance with

Agency directives.

Section 6. When it is known in advance that one (1) or more persons will

be on the line for any reason, all parties to the call shall be advised prior to

the conversation. If during a telephone call, one (1) or more persons come

onto the line for any reason, the other party to the call shall be advised

immediately of this fact. This requirement applies to persons listening on

telephone extensions or to speakerphones.

Section 7. Where required by law, all telephone lines which are being

recorded will be equipped with such warning devices as specified by law.

Section 8. The Agency shall notify employees of all recorded outside

telephone lines within their facilities.

Section 9. When a telephone call is being made under the provisions of

this Agreement, the telephone line shall not be monitored.

56

Section 10. The Agency shall accept collect calls of an emergency nature

to facility management from employees. The Agency shall also accept

collect calls from employees engaged in Liaison and Familiarization

Training when they have been bumped from a flight. When the Agency

directs the employee to call the facility, the Agency shall bear the expense

of such call.

ARTICLE 16

AGENCY DIRECTIVES

Section 1. Agency directives shall be maintained and/or available

electronically at all air traffic facilities. Access to Agency directives shall

be made available during normal administrative office hours for use by

unit employees.

After normal administrative hours, the Agency shall make every

reasonable effort to make access to such information available to the

Principal Facility Representative or his/her designee. When the facility has

printing/copying equipment, the Union shall have the right to print/copy

such material for representational purposes at no cost to the Union.

Section 2. The National and Regional Offices of the Union shall remain on

the Washington distribution lists for future issuances of all FAA orders,

notices, and directives which relate to personnel policies, practices, and

working conditions of employees in the bargaining unit (e.g. Human

Resource Policy Manuals, Human Resource Operating Instructions).

Section 3. The Agency shall make all FAA orders, notices, and directives

(e.g. Human Resource Policy Manuals, Human Resource Operating

Instructions) accessible online to the Union, including the Union’s

National Office staff.  If unavailable online, the Agency shall provide the

information in an electronic format or in hard copy form. There will be no

restrictions on the Union's ability to copy and distribute this information,

at its own expense, to any and all of its representatives.

57

ARTICLE 17

POSITION DESCRIPTIONS

Section 1. The Parties recognize that expanding the knowledge and

experience of bargaining unit employees is essential to meeting the

changing demands on the system.

Section 2. The Parties at the national level shall discuss and review all

bargaining unit position descriptions annually.

Section 3. Each employee covered by this Agreement shall be provided a

position description that accurately reflects the duties of his/her position.

Position descriptions shall be consistent throughout the Agency for

facilities of equal classification and similar function. However, position

descriptions for the Traffic Management bargaining unit may vary based

on individual facility requirements. If an employee believes that his/her

position description is not accurate, he/she may request a review by the

appropriate supervisor and be assisted by a Union representative. A

dispute regarding the accuracy of an employee's position description may

be handled under Article 9 of this Agreement.

Section 4. The primary duties of:

a.  Air Traffic Controller bargaining unit employees are those directly

related to the control and separation of aircraft;

b.  Traffic Management bargaining unit employees are those directly

related to the efficient management of the National Airspace

System (NAS);

c.  NOTAM bargaining unit employees are those directly related to

the development, dissemination, and interpretation of operating

procedures and practices associated with the Federal NOTAM

System (FNS); and

d.  Flight Service option bargaining unit employees are those directly

related to the efficient management of the NAS including In-flight,

Preflight, Flight Data, Broadcast, and NOTAM duties.

The Agency retains the right to assign work; however, other duties

assigned by the Agency shall normally have a reasonable relationship to

the employee's official position description. A reasonable relationship

exists for the technical functions associated with training, briefings, quality

58

control, and the technical functions of staff support specialists. When it

becomes necessary to assign duties that are not reasonably related to the

employee's official position description and are of a recurring nature, the

position description shall be amended to reflect such duties.

Section 5.  When it is determined that a short-term need exists for a

bargaining unit employee to perform the technical functions associated

with training, briefings, quality control, and the technical functions of staff

support specialists, the Parties shall collaboratively identify the bargaining

unit employee(s) to be used for that specified function and determine if

adjustments to the employee’s schedule are necessary.

The duration of these assignments shall not be indefinite and should be

consistent with the temporary nature of the activities.

Employees performing these duties shall not be temporarily assigned to

another organizational segment and are subject to operational recall.

Section 6. All proposed changes to the position description of bargaining

unit employees shall be forwarded to the Union, in advance, for comment

and/or negotiations as required by law and pursuant to Article 7 of this

Agreement.

ARTICLE 18

CONTROLLER-IN-CHARGE (CIC)

TRAFFIC MANAGEMENT SPECIALIST-IN-CHARGE (TMSIC)

TRAFFIC MANAGEMENT COORDINATOR-IN-CHARGE

(TMCIC)

NOTAM SPECIALIST-IN-CHARGE (NSIC)

Section 1. The CIC/TMSIC/TMCIC/NSIC is intended to provide watch

supervision for the continuous operation of a facility or area where a

supervisor is not available. Assignments of employees to

CIC/TMSIC/TMCIC/NSIC duties are used, when necessary, to

supplement the supervisory staff.

Section 2. Management direction, guidance, and/or goals for the shift

shall be conveyed in facility directives and/or during the shift/area

position briefing.

Section 3. CIC premium pay shall be paid at the rate of ten percent

(10%) of the applicable hourly rate of  Base Pay times the number of

59

hours and portions of hours during which a specialist is assigned

CIC/TMSIC/TMCIC/NSIC duties. This premium pay is paid in addition

to any other premium pay granted for overtime, night, or Sunday work,

and in addition to hazardous duty pay differential.

Section 4. A Union representative shall be a member of the panel

designated by the Agency to recommend CIC/TMSIC/TMCIC/NSIC

candidates. The panel shall forward its recommendations to the Air

Traffic Manager (ATM) or his/her designee for selection. The Agency

retains the right to select Controllers-in-Charge, Traffic Management

Specialists/Coordinators-in-Charge, and NOTAM Specialists-in-Charge.

Section 5. When other qualified bargaining unit employees are available,

Union representatives shall not be required to perform

CIC/TMSIC/TMCIC/NSIC duties.

Section 6. Employees who are not selected to be a

CIC/TMSIC/TMCIC/NSIC, upon written request, shall be advised in

writing of the reasons for non-selection. When applicable, specific

areas the employee needs to improve to be considered for the

CIC/TMSIC/TMCIC/NSIC position shall be identified.

Section 7. At facilities where CIC/TMSIC/TMCIC/NSIC duties are

performed, bargaining unit employees shall complete the applicable

CIC/TMSIC/TMCIC/NSIC training course, in accordance with FAA

Order 7210.3, prior to assignment of such duties.

Section 8. Procedures for the equitable distribution of

CIC/TMSIC/TMCIC/NSIC duties:

a.  The Agency shall maintain a roster(s) of qualified

CIC/TMSIC/TMCIC/NSIC bargaining unit employees (BUE) for

each facility/area, as appropriate.

b.  Upon request, the Agency shall provide the Union a copy of the

current CIC/TMSIC/TMCIC/NSIC roster(s).

c.  CIC/TMSIC/TMCIC/NSIC roster(s) shall be updated and

accessible to the operational area(s) on a daily basis.

CIC/TMSIC/TMCIC/NSIC duties shall be tracked in hour and/or

minute increments, as appropriate.

60

d.  Whenever practical, assignment of CIC/TMSIC/TMCIC/NSIC

duties shall be made to the BUE with the lowest cumulative time.

All ties shall be resolved by seniority.

e.  Once annually, the Parties at the local level shall jointly develop

the process to be used when a CIC/TMSIC/TMCIC/NSIC is

required for a full shift.

f.  Effective the first full pay period in January,

CIC/TMSIC/TMCIC/NSIC balances shall be set to zero (0).

g.  CICs/TMSICs/TMCICs/NSICs added to the roster shall have their

cumulative time set to one (1) minute more than the highest total

on the roster for their facility/area, as appropriate.

ARTICLE 19

HAZARDOUS GEOLOGICAL/WEATHER CONDITIONS

Section 1. Given the essential nature of FAA responsibilities, employees

are expected to make a reasonable effort to report for work during

hazardous geological/weather conditions between the employee's home

and their duty location; however, they are not expected to disregard their

personal safety or that of their family. All employees who are unable to

report for duty shall notify their facility as soon as possible. Employees

who are unable to report for duty shall be granted excused absence at the

time of their request, subject to the review process in Section 2. If

requested, employees shall provide information that supports their request

for excused absence as soon as feasible after returning to duty. Examples

of information are:

a.  oral or written statements;

b.  conditions that the employee encountered;

c.  a synopsis of efforts made;

d.  other information which provides an explanation or which shows

hazardous geological/weather conditions prevented the employee

from reporting to the facility or compelled the employee to

safeguard his or her family against such phenomena.

61

Section 2. When deciding to sustain or rescind excused absence(s) granted

in Section 1, the Agency, during joint review with the Union, shall

consider reports from the employee, civil authorities, current

meteorological information, news media, official road reports, leave

approvals, reduced staffing, or closings at other area government facilities.

Section 3. When the Agency at the local level, after consulting with the

Union, determines that hazardous geological/weather conditions exist or

are imminent, on-duty bargaining unit employees shall be released as soon

as possible, as staffing and workload permit. Volunteers to remain on duty

shall be utilized to the extent possible.

Section 4. The Agency retains the right to determine the opening, closing,

and use of its facilities during periods of hazardous geological/weather

conditions. Subject to security and operational needs, the Parties at the

facility may review existing facility emergency readiness plans and, to the

extent appropriate, negotiate supplemental procedures addressing the work

and family safety concerns of employees during such hazardous

conditions.

Section 5. At facilities not in continuous operation, the Parties at that level

shall negotiate procedures that employees shall use to notify the Agency in

the event that they are unable to report on the opening shift. The

procedures shall also establish the method the Agency will use to notify

employees in the event that they are not required to report for duty due to

hazardous geological/weather conditions.

Section 6. Issues arising from employees who chronically are unable to

report to work during these conditions will be addressed utilizing the

provisions of Articles 8 and/or 52 of this Agreement prior to more formal

measures being initiated.

ARTICLE 20

PERFORMANCE STANDARDS AND APPRAISALS

Section 1. Performance appraisals shall be based only on a written

comparison of actual performance against written standards for the duties

and responsibilities in the position description. A copy shall be provided to

the employee within fifteen (15) days of the employee's signature on the

performance appraisal form. Grievance time limits shall not begin until the

day after the employee receives his/her copy of the final signed document.

62

Performance standards shall be applied uniformly throughout the

bargaining unit.

Section 2. The Parties agree that performance standards are written for the

primary duties and responsibilities described in the position description

and must be used as the only basis for comparing the employee's actual job

performance against the requirements (duties and responsibilities) of the

position.

Section 3. Members of the bargaining unit shall normally be rated by their

first-line supervisor.

Section 4. The employee's signature, after the review of his/her

performance evaluation, indicates that he/she has reviewed the completed

appraisal record and that it has been discussed with him/her. The

employee's signature shall not be taken to mean that he/she agrees with all

the information or that he/she forfeits any rights of review or appeal. The

employee may make comments in the remarks section or attach them on a

separate page.

Section 5. At any time during the performance appraisal cycle that an

employee's performance is determined to be unacceptable in one (1) or

more critical elements, the employee's supervisor shall notify the

employee, in writing, of the critical element(s) for which performance is

unacceptable and inform the employee of the performance requirement(s)

or standard(s) that must be attained in order to demonstrate acceptable

performance in his/her position. The supervisor should also inform the

employee that, unless his/her performance in the critical element(s)

improves to and is sustained at an acceptable level, the employee may be

reduced in grade or removed. When the employee's performance is

unacceptable, the Agency shall afford the employee a reasonable

opportunity, in no case less than ninety (90) days, to demonstrate

acceptable performance, commensurate with the duties and responsibilities

of the employee's position.

As part of the employee's opportunity to demonstrate acceptable

performance, the supervisor shall write a plan that identifies what the

employee must do to improve his/her performance to be retained in the job

and what the Agency will do to assist the employee.

Every thirty (30) days during the period for improving performance, the

supervisor shall provide the employee with a written review identifying the

employee's progress and identifying any areas still needing improvement.

63

Additionally, the supervisor shall include specific recommendations of

methods and means of improving that the employee may use to attain an

acceptable level of competence.

Section 6. The use of authorized official time and approved absences for

labor relations and other activities shall not be a factor in employee

performance appraisals.

Section 7. Employees who are not selected to be on-the-job training

instructors (OJTIs) shall not be rated based on the OJTI function.

NOTE: Sections 8, 9, and 10 shall only apply to FSS bargaining unit

employees.

Section 8. Management personnel evaluating members of the bargaining

unit by phone or in person shall, immediately after conducting the

evaluation, state to the employee that he/she has been evaluated, and

advise the employee of the results as soon as possible.

Section 9. Telephone and radio pilot weather briefing (PWB) evaluations

administered by management personnel outside the facility shall be

recorded.  If the PWB evaluation is rated unsatisfactory and if the

employee requests, the employee involved shall be given a copy of the

recording. The Parties recognize that any PWB evaluation from outside the

facility that is not recorded, or those where no recording exists, will not be

used as the basis for any action against the employee.

Section 10. Data accumulated from electronic management information

systems (e.g. ACD, OASIS, etc.) will not be used as the sole basis for an

employee’s performance appraisal.

ARTICLE 21

RECOGNITION AND AWARDS PROGRAM

Section 1. The Parties agree that the use of awards is an excellent

incentive tool for increasing productivity and creativity of bargaining unit

employees by rewarding their contributions to the quality, efficiency, or

economy of government operations. The Agency agrees to consider

granting a cash, honorary, or informal recognition award, or grant time off

without charge to leave or loss of pay to an employee individually or as a

member of a group.

64

The Parties agree the following list is meant to be an example but is not

all-inclusive:

a.  adoption or implementation of a suggestion or invention;

b.  significant contributions to the efficiency, economy, or

improvement of government operations;

c.  exceptional service to the public, superior accomplishment, or

special act or project on or off the job and contributions made

despite unusual situations;

d.  recurring exemplary service; e.g. performance throughout the year

that consistently exceeds expectations and contributes to Agency

goals and objectives;

e.  exceptional customer service or contributions which promote and

support accomplishment of the organization's missions, goals,

and/or values;

f.  creative or innovative methods used to make work processes or

results more effective and efficient;

g.  productivity gains;

h.  unusual situations such as flight assists, gear saves, averting

landings on the wrong runway, averting runway crossings when

such clearances are not issued, and any other situation in which an

employee's efforts go beyond his/her normal duties.

An award may be granted to a separated employee or the legal heir(s) or

estate of a deceased employee.

The Agency will inform the Union, at the national level, of the total

amount spent on awards for the bargaining unit and the remainder of the

Air Traffic Organization (ATO) within one (1) month of the end of the

fiscal year.

Section 2. The Agency shall notify the Principal Facility Representative or

his/her designee, in writing, when a bargaining unit employee receives an

award. At a minimum, the notification shall include the employee's name

and type of award.

65

Section 3. The Parties at the local level agree to meet annually to discuss

the recognition and awards program at the local level.

Section 4. The awards program shall not be used to discriminate against

employees or to effect favoritism.

ARTICLE 22

EMPLOYEE RECORDS

Section 1. Material placed in an employee's Electronic Official Personnel

Folder (eOPF), Employee Performance File (EPF), Medical, Security,

Training folder(s) or other DOT/FAA file(s) shall comply with the OPM

Operating Manual, The Guide to Personnel Record Keeping, and shall be

maintained in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Privacy Act

and its implementing regulations and this Agreement. This includes those

files maintained at the employee's facility. Those records maintained by

the Agency under a system of records pursuant to the Privacy Act shall be

the only records kept on the employee. Where required by law, rule, or

regulation, any material that becomes a part of the employee's records

shall bear the signature/e-signature of the person originating the material.

Section 2. There shall be only one (1) eOPF and EPF maintained for each

employee in the bargaining unit. The eOPF and EPF shall be secured in a

location consistent with applicable law and regulation.  Employees shall be

afforded a reasonable amount of duty time for any activity involving the

access to his/her eOPF and will be provided instructions on how to access

the eOPF system. The employee shall be given notification of Agency-

initiated material when it is placed in his/her eOPF and/or EPF and

provided access to and the ability to make copies of such material. Copies

of materials in other Agency files may be obtained in accordance with

Section 12 of this Article.

The employee and his/her designated representative are entitled to review

his/her EPF, Medical, Security, Training folder(s) or other DOT/FAA file

in the presence of a management official, provided access to that

information is in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Privacy

Act and other applicable law, rule, or regulation.

Section 3. Upon an employee's written request, a true and certified copy of

his/her EPF, Medical, Security, Training folder(s), or other DOT/FAA file

and its contents, shall be forwarded to the address as requested by the

employee, except for material restricted by law, rule, or regulation. This

66

shall be in electronic format or hard copy. This shall normally be

accomplished within thirty (30) days of the receipt of the request, except

when the folder is needed elsewhere for official Agency business. In those

cases, the employee will be notified why the file was not available. The

employee and/or, upon his/her written authorization, his/her Union

representative, will be permitted to examine the employee's folders/files,

on duty time, if otherwise in a duty status, as forwarded to the facility, in

the presence of a management official.

Section 4. Within ten (10) days of a request, the Agency shall provide

duty/official time for an employee and/or a Union representative, if

requested by the employee, to view his/her eOPF/EPF, Medical, Security,

Training folder(s), or other DOT/FAA file when available via the intranet.

The Agency shall provide an intranet-connected terminal located in a

private area and allow printing and/or downloading of any Agency

maintained documents. This Section will be granted independent of

whether or not the employee has made a request pursuant to Section 3.

Section 5.  When an employee cannot access the eOPF system, he/she may

make an individual request in writing to the applicable Human Resource

Management Office Shared Service Center, through the Air Traffic

Manager, to receive a copy of his/her eOPF. The Agency will provide the

requested eOPF to the employee no later than fifteen (15) days after

receipt of the request.

Section 6.  Documents relating to counseling sessions involving discipline

and/or conduct (e.g. letters of confirmation of discussion or any other

similar documents), oral admonishments confirmed in writing, and written

admonishments shall be retained in an employee’s individual record for a

period of time not to exceed two (2) years from the date of issuance. If at

the end of one (1) year it is decided that it is no longer warranted, these

documents shall be removed.

Performance Records of Conference (PRoC) or any similar document(s)

shall not be retained for more than eighteen (18) months from the date of

the event giving rise to the documentation.

In the event an appropriate authority rules any of these documents to be

unjustly issued, that specific document and any related documentation

shall be removed from the employee’s record immediately and destroyed.

Any reference to that document must be removed from the employee’s

record.

67

Section 7.  Letters of Reprimand and documents related to them shall be

retained in the eOPF for no more than two (2) years. If at the end of one

(1) year it is decided that it is no longer warranted, the Letter of

Reprimand and related documents shall be removed. In the event a Letter

of Reprimand is ruled by an appropriate authority to have been unjustly

issued, the Letter of Reprimand and related documents shall be removed

immediately and destroyed. Any reference to a Letter of Reprimand which

has been expunged from the eOPF must be removed from any other

record.

Section 8. Access to an employee's eOPF/EPF, Medical, and Security

file(s) shall be granted to other persons only as authorized by law and

OPM regulation. The Agency shall maintain a log of all persons, outside

the Security and Hazardous Materials Safety (ASH) and Human Resource

Management (AHR) offices, who have accessed an employee's eOPF/EPF

or Security file in the performance of their duties. If no such log currently

exists, it will be generated and filed in the employee's eOPF/EPF or

Security file at the time the first request for access to his/her file is

received and granted. This includes those files maintained at the

employee's place of employment except for personnel who routinely

maintain the files. Upon written request, the employee shall be permitted

to review the log and make a copy in the presence of a management

official.

Section 9. An employee, pursuant to OPM regulations, may request that a

record maintained by the Agency be corrected or amended if he/she

believes the information is incorrect. The Agency will advise the employee

within fifteen (15) days of its determination concerning the employee's

request. An employee who attempts unsuccessfully to correct or amend a

record maintained by the Agency will be advised of the reasons for the

refusal and may have a statement of disagreement placed in his/her folder.

Section 10. In accordance with 5 USC 552a, any disclosure of an

employee's record, containing information about which the individual has

filed a statement of disagreement, the Agency shall clearly note any

portion of the record which is disputed and also provide copies of the

employee's statement and, if appropriate, the Agency's reasons for not

making the amendments.

Section 11. Personal records, notes, or diaries maintained by a supervisor:

a.  Personal records, notes, or diaries maintained by a supervisor with

regard to his/her work unit or employees are merely extensions of

68

the supervisor's memory, and may be retained or discarded at the

supervisor's discretion. Such notes are not subject to the provisions

of the Privacy Act so long as the following conditions are met:

(1)  They are kept and maintained for the supervisor's personal use

only.

(2)  They are not circulated to anyone else, including secretarial

staff or another supervisor of the same employee.

(3)  They are not under the control of the Agency in any way or

required to be kept by the Agency.

(4)  They are kept or destroyed solely as the supervisor sees fit.

b.  Such records, notes, or diaries are to be current and pertinent to

help focus on meaningful issues when counseling, evaluating

performance, assisting in career development, and similar day-to-

day responsibilities and should include the praiseworthy acts of

employees as well as problems.

Such records, notes, or diaries shall not be used as a basis to

support the following:

(1)  a performance evaluation of less than fully successful;

(2)  the denial of a promotion;

(3)  the denial of a pay increase; or

(4)  disciplinary or adverse actions,

unless the employee has been shown and provided a copy of such

documentation within a reasonable period of time, not to exceed

thirty (30) days from the incident giving rise to the notation. If an

employee is shown a record, note, or diary as part of the

administrative process, he/she shall be given the opportunity to

submit a written response contesting the information contained

therein.

Section 12. In the event an employee is the subject of a security

investigation and such investigation produces a negative determination,

any information or documents obtained and made a part of the Security file

69

shall not be released or shared without the express written authorization of

the employee, except pursuant to 5 USC 552a(b) and 5 CFR 297.401.

Section 13. Each employee, upon written request, and/or his/her

designated representative upon written authorization, shall be allowed, in

the presence of a management official, to copy information contained in

the EPF, Medical, Security, Training folder(s), or other DOT/FAA file,

with the exception of records restricted by law or regulation.

ARTICLE 23

DATA SECURITY

Section 1. All information in Agency computer/information systems shall

be protected in accordance with the Computer Security Act of 1987, as

amended, the Department of Transportation Information Technology

Security Program, and FAA Order 1370.82.

Section 2. If any record(s) maintained by the Agency on any bargaining

unit employee(s) becomes lost, stolen, and/or improperly dispersed, the

Agency shall notify the Union at the national level and the affected

employee(s) immediately. The Agency shall assist the Union and the

employee(s) in resolving the problem.

Section 3. In accordance with the Privacy Act, 5 USC 552a as amended,

the Agency shall not require any bargaining unit employee to disclose his

or her Social Security Number (SSN) unless such disclosure is

specifically required by a federal regulation effective prior to January 1,

1975, or by federal statute.

a.  When such disclosure is so required, the person from whom the

disclosure is sought shall be informed:

(1)  That submission of the SSN is mandatory. The federal

statutory authority or pre-January 1, 1975, regulation under

which submission of the SSN is required shall be identified.

(2)  Of the uses that will be made of the SSN.

b.  Whenever the submission of an SSN is voluntary, the Agency

employee requesting an SSN from a bargaining unit employee

shall inform such employee:

70

(1)  That the submission of an SSN is not required by law and

an employee's refusal to furnish an SSN will not result in

the denial of any right, benefit, or privilege provided by

law.

(2)  That if the employee refuses to supply an SSN, a substitute

number or other identifier will be assigned in those records

where such an identifier is needed.

(3)  That the SSN, if supplied, is used by the Agency to

associate the current information relating to the employee

with other information about the same employee the

Agency may have in its files from previous transactions.

(4)  That the SSN is solicited to assist in performing the

Agency's functions under the Federal Aviation Act of 1958,

as amended.

Section 4. A privacy breach is defined as an incident of confirmed theft,

loss, or unauthorized disclosure of personal identifying information (PII)

that requires disclosure/notification to the individual(s) in accordance

with OMB Memorandum 07-16.

Section 5. The Union will identify a Point of Contact (POC) for data

security/privacy issues at the national level. The Agency shall designate a

POC from the office of Information Security and Privacy Services (AIS).

Section 6. In the event that the Agency suffers a privacy breach,

regardless of whether the data breached is within the control of the

Agency, the Department of Transportation, the Department of Interior, or

any other federal agency, the Agency shall provide the Union’s POC with

notification of a breach as soon as the Agency learns of the breach.  The

Union POC will be provided with updates as information becomes

available.

Section 7. The Union POC will be included in discussions to determine

the appropriate level of identity theft protection to be provided in

response to a privacy breach.

Section 8.  The National Points of Contact shall meet at least once

quarterly to discuss the Agency initiatives to maintain and protect

employees PII and the data systems throughout the Agency that support

that information. Topics that may be discussed include initiatives to

71

remove PII from data systems, to eliminate the use of or reliance upon

employee Social Security Numbers as a means for identification, to

prevent privacy breaches to computer and data systems, and other

initiatives designed to increase or promote the protection of PII. If the

Parties’ designees agree to meet at another interval, they may do so

through mutual agreement.

Section 9.  The Parties agree that the Union POC shall be on official time,

if otherwise in a duty status, for all meetings described in Sections 7 and

8. If it is necessary to schedule meetings outside the regularly scheduled

tour of duty of the Union POC, he/ she shall be allowed to change his/ her

schedule, staffing and workload permitting, so that he/ she may

participate during duty hours.

Section 10.  If the Agency determines that a face-to-face meeting is

necessary, then the Agency will pay the appropriate transportation and

lodging costs for the Union POC in accordance with the FAA Travel

Policy (FAATP).

Section 11.  A copy of the Information Security and Privacy Awareness

Training (SAT) shall be provided to the Union POC. Any changes to the

training will be discussed with the POC. The Agency recognizes its

obligation to provide notice and opportunity to bargain to the Union in

accordance with the Article 7 of this Agreement and applicable law and

agrees that such negotiations on the impact and implementation of

changes to the training shall be conducted in accordance with the

provisions of this Agreement and applicable law.

Section 12.  Provided staffing and workload permit, an employee, who

has been identified as impacted by a privacy breach involving the

Agency, will be allowed time while at work to assess and repair damage

from identity theft. Use of a government computer to access the internet

to contact banks, credit card companies, credit monitoring services, or

other activities relating to the restoration of one’s identity is permitted as

limited personal use under FAA Order 1370.79A.

ARTICLE 24

ANNUAL LEAVE

Section 1. Employees are entitled to annual leave with pay that accrues as

follows:

72

a.

four (4) hours for each full biweekly pay period for an employee

with less than three (3) years of service;

b.  six (6) hours for each full biweekly pay period, except that the

accrual for the last biweekly pay period in the year is ten (10)

hours, for an employee with three (3) but less than fifteen (15)

years of service;

c.  eight (8) hours for each full biweekly pay period for an employee

with fifteen (15) or more years of service.

Section 2. Except for those facilities where a leave exigency exists,

employees shall be authorized the use of all leave they will accrue within a

leave year. Unless staffing and workload do not permit, bargaining unit

employees (BUEs) may also be authorized the use of all accumulated

leave.  Employees are permitted to use leave before it is accrued within the

leave year.

Section 3. Employees may not submit leave requests in excess of the

annual leave they have accumulated, plus what they will accrue that leave

year, plus any restored balance.

Section 4.  Annually, the Parties at the local level shall collaborate on:  (1)

the amount, as defined in Sections 6 and 7 of this Article, and distribution

of prime time leave (PTL)/non-prime time leave (NPTL) opportunities;

and (2) whether to redistribute non-selected PTL opportunities.  Any

redistribution of PTL opportunities shall be done collaboratively.

All agreements reached in this Section will be incorporated in the annual

leave agreement.

Section 5. Annually, the Parties at the local level shall negotiate the

following:

a.  The PTL period(s);

b.  Whether CPCs and CPC-ITs/developmentals bid independently of

each other.  Absent mutual agreement, these BUEs will bid

independently;

c.  Number of days bid per round during NPTL bidding;

73

d.  The start date for bidding;

e.  Whether the days in each round of NPTL bidding may be non-

consecutive; and

f.  Procedures for selecting and scheduling of spot leave.

All agreements reached in this Section will be incorporated into the annual

leave agreement.

Section 6. In determining the amount of PTL opportunities, the Parties

will consider the number of employees participating in the bidding

process, two (2) weeks per employee, and the duration of the PTL

period(s).  PTL period(s) will be of sufficient duration to accommodate

requests for two (2) consecutive or non-consecutive weeks of annual leave

during the PTL period(s) for all BUEs. Conflicting PTL requests of BUEs

shall be resolved by seniority.

Section 7. NPTL is leave that is bid at the conclusion of PTL bidding

and/or requested prior to the watch schedule being posted. In determining

the amount of NPTL opportunities, the Parties will consider the number of

employees to participate in the bidding process, the remainder of the leave

year outside of the PTL period(s), and the amount of leave employees will

accrue during the leave year not including the two (2) weeks made

available to each employee during the PTL period(s), which when

combined with approved PTL opportunities, will equal the total amount of

leave accrued by BUEs within the leave year.

Section 8. A week shall be defined as a period of seven (7) consecutive

days including RDOs.

Section 9. The Union shall conduct the bidding process and ensure that all

eligible employees are given the opportunity to bid leave in accordance

with this Article in order of seniority. Employees shall be afforded

sufficient duty time, if otherwise in a duty status, to participate in the

bidding process, including the Union’s designee(s) conducting the bidding.

Section 10. All leave bid/requested within designated pre-approved

opportunities shall be considered approved.

74

Section 11. The Parties agree to the following procedures:

a.

In the first round of bidding, each BUE shall be permitted to bid

one (1) or two (2) consecutive or non-consecutive weeks of annual

leave within any designated pre-approved opportunity. PTL

opportunities that are neither selected nor redistributed will remain

in place for NPTL bidding.

b.  In the second and subsequent rounds of bidding, each BUE shall

be permitted to bid the number of NPTL days per round as

determined in Section 5 of this Article, within any designated pre-

approved opportunity.

c.  Rounds of NPTL bidding shall continue for six (6) rounds

provided there are still bidders, or until all leave opportunities

have been exhausted, whichever comes first, or as otherwise

agreed to at the local level.  Employees are permitted to pass on

subsequent rounds of NPTL bidding.

d.  Employees will be afforded the opportunity to bid all the leave

they will accrue within the leave year prior to employees bidding

accumulated leave.

e.  At the conclusion of each round of the bidding process identified

in this Section, the Union's designee(s) and the Agency's

designee(s) will meet to review all leave bid and ensure all bids

are in compliance with the terms of this Article.

f.  Employees may not cancel or change leave bid in accordance with

this Section until the conclusion of the bidding process.

Section 12. Any remaining pre-approved leave opportunities that were not

selected during the bidding process will remain available until thirty (30)

days prior to the posting of the watch schedule and shall be approved in

the order in which they are received.

Section 13. At the conclusion of the bidding process, employees may

submit NPTL requests in excess of the designated leave opportunities.

These requests shall be recorded and approved/disapproved subject to

staffing and workload and as soon as practicable after the request is made.

Approval/disapproval shall not be subject to conditional circumstances. If

the request was disapproved and annual leave for that time period, or any

portion of that time period, later becomes available, the leave shall be

75

approved on a first requested basis. The Parties at the local level shall

establish the method for tracking these leave requests. After

implementation at the facility/area, OPAS will be used for tracking these

leave requests.

Section 14. Spot leave is leave requested for any period during a posted

watch schedule. Leave requests for the shift being worked shall be

approved/disapproved subject to staffing and workload within thirty (30)

minutes of the request being made. Leave requests for future shifts shall be

approved/disapproved subject to staffing and workload within two (2)

hours of when the request was made, or prior to the end of the shift,

whichever is less. Approval/disapproval shall not be subject to conditional

circumstances. Leave requests shall be approved in the order that they

were requested. If the request was disapproved and annual leave for that

time period later becomes available, the leave shall be approved in the

order that the request was received.

Section 15. Except as authorized in OPM regulations, no employee will be

forced to take annual leave.

Section 16. Requests to cancel annual leave with twenty-four (24) hours

notice to the Agency shall be granted. Unless staffing and workload do not

permit, requests to cancel annual leave with less than twenty-four (24)

hours notice to the Agency shall be granted. An employee who cancels

scheduled annual leave and returns to duty shall be assigned to work the

shift that he/she would have worked if the annual leave had not been

scheduled, unless staffing and workload dictate or allow assignment to a

different shift.

Section 17. Employees on annual leave who become sick shall have the

right to convert the annual leave to sick leave.

Section 18. Employees shall not be required to provide reasons for annual

leave requests.

Section 19. Unless otherwise negotiated locally, all annual leave requests

shall be submitted on an OPM-71. The form shall be dated, signed,

approved/disapproved as appropriate, and a copy returned to the employee.

After implementation at the facility/area, OPAS will be used for this

purpose.

Section 20. Exigencies for public business must be determined by the head

of the Agency or his/her designee. Except where made by the head of the

76

Agency, the determination may not be made by an official whose leave

would be affected by the decision. The Agency will notify the Union, at

the national level, when the Agency makes the decision to place any

facility in a leave exigency status. Upon written request by the Union, the

Agency shall provide, in writing, within fourteen (14) days, the

justification the Agency used in determining the need for the facility to be

placed in a leave exigency status. If the Agency determines that an

emergency exists at a facility not covered by a leave exigency, which

precludes an employee from using appropriately scheduled use-or-lose

leave, such leave shall be retained by the employee.

Section 21. In the event a leave exigency exists, the Parties at the local

level shall negotiate the amount of annual leave each employee can use

and the procedures to be used to distribute the leave equitably among

employees.

Section 22. In determining years of service, an employee is entitled to

credit for all service of a type that would be creditable under 5 USC 8332,

regardless of whether or not the employee is covered by Subchapter III of

Chapter 83.

Section 23. Except as otherwise provided for in this Agreement,

employees are covered by the annual leave and lump sum payment

provisions contained in 5 USC Chapter 55, Chapter 63, and the associated

regulations in 5 CFR.

Section 24. The express terms of this Article apply separately and

distinctly to each of the following bargaining units: Air Traffic

Controllers, Traffic Management Coordinators/Specialists, FSS, and

NOTAM Specialists.

ARTICLE 25

SICK LEAVE

Section 1. Full-time employees shall earn sick leave at a rate of four (4)

hours a pay period.

Section 2. Sick leave must be granted when an employee meets one of the

following conditions:

77

a.

is incapacitated and cannot perform the essential duties of his/her

position because of physical or mental illness, injury, pregnancy,

or childbirth;

b.  receives medical, dental, or optical examinations or treatment;

c.  would, per a health authority with jurisdiction or a health care

provider, jeopardize the health of others due to exposure to a

communicable disease;

d.  for any activity related to the adoption of a child upon proper

notification and documentation, when requested.  Leave for

parents who voluntarily choose to be absent from work to bond

with an adopted child is covered under Article 26 and Article 30 of

this Agreement.

Section 3. Employees may use sick leave for general family

medical care and bereavement purposes as follows in order to:

a.  provide care for a family member who is incapacitated by a

medical or mental condition or attends to a family member

receiving medical, dental, or optical examination or treatment;

b.  makes arrangements necessitated by the death of a family

member or attends the funeral of a family member.

Full-time employees may use up to one hundred four (104) hours of

sick leave per year for these purposes. Part-time employees use a pro-

rated amount.

Section 4. Whenever an employee's request for sick leave is disapproved,

he/she shall be given a written reason, if requested.

Section 5. Full-time employees may use a total of four hundred eighty

(480) hours of sick leave each leave year to care for a family member

with a serious health condition. However, the total allowable amount of

sick leave entitlement under Sections 3 and 5 may not exceed four

hundred eighty (480) hours. Any sick leave taken under Article 26 to care

for a family member is deducted from the four hundred eighty (480) hour

entitlement under this Section.

Section 6. Employees should request leave in advance for pre-arranged

optical, medical, or dental appointments. However, if the absence is

78

unplanned, the Agency must be notified before or within the first hour of

the time scheduled to report for duty, unless in the judgment of the

Agency there are extenuating circumstances, which prevent the employee

from doing so.

In cases of extended absences, and when an employee provides the

Agency with a tentative return to work date, he/she shall only be required

to notify the Agency on the first day of each occurrence of illness and

shall not be required to call in on a daily basis, unless specifically

required by the Agency.

Section 7. In individual cases when employee counseling has not been

effective and there remains sufficient cause to believe an employee may

be abusing sick leave, the employee may be given advance written notice

indicating the reason(s) that he/she will be required for a period of time,

not to exceed six (6) months, to furnish a medical certificate for each

subsequent absence. When written notice is issued, the form in Appendix

F will be used. An employee who has received written notice and is

released from duty because of illness may be required to furnish a medical

certificate for that day. When it has been determined by the Agency that

the requirement is no longer necessary, the employee shall be notified and

the previous notice(s) shall be removed from the records and all copies

shall be returned to the employee.

Section 8. Except as otherwise provided for in Section 7, an employee

shall not be required to furnish a medical certificate to substantiate a

request for sick leave of four (4) days or less. An employee shall be

required to furnish a medical certificate for absences of more than four (4)

workdays, except that this requirement may be waived by the Agency in

individual cases. If a physician was not consulted, a signed statement from

the employee giving the facts about the absence, the treatment used, and

the reasons for not having a physician's statement may be submitted to the

Agency as supporting evidence.

Section 9. The number of hours of sick leave used shall not, in and of

itself, constitute sufficient cause for sick leave counseling.

Section 10. Except as otherwise provided for in Section 7, an employee

who, because of illness, is released from duty, shall not be required to

furnish a medical certificate for that day.

Section 11. The use of sick leave checklist forms shall not be developed

or used at the local level. If the need arises to develop a sick leave

79

checklist form, it shall be mutually agreed to by the Parties at the national

level.

Section 12. Requests for sick leave and individual sick leave records shall

not be available or distributed as general information or publicized.

Section 13. Except in cases of abuse, sick leave usage shall not be a factor

for promotion, discipline, or other personnel action.

Section 14. Each employee shall be entitled to an advance of up to thirty

(30) days sick leave, for serious disability or ailment, except when:

a.

it is known that he/she does not intend to return to duty or

when available information indicates that his/her return is

only a remote possibility;

b.  he/she has filed or the Agency has filed an application for

disability retirement;

c.  he/she has signified his/her intention of resigning for disability.

Employees may be required to furnish a medical certificate in order to be

advanced sick leave under this Section.

Pro-rata calculations for part-time employees shall be in accordance with

HRPM LWS-8.1, Section 7.

Section 15. When an employee becomes seriously ill or injured at work,

the Agency shall arrange for transportation to a physician, medical

facility, or other designated location. If requested by the employee, or if

the employee is unable to request, the Agency shall notify the employee's

family or designated party of the occurrence and location of the

employee.

Section 16. When an employee is unable to do so because of serious

injury, incapacitation, or illness, the Agency shall make every reasonable

effort to assist the employee's family in filing appropriate documents for

entitlements to the employee or the employee's family.

Section 17. Federal Employees Retirement System (FERS) employees

shall be eligible upon retirement for a Sick Leave Buy Back option as

follows:

80

An employee who attains the required number of years of service for

retirement shall receive a lump sum payment for forty percent (40%) of

the value of his/her accumulated sick leave as of the effective date of their

retirement.

ARTICLE 26

LEAVE FOR SPECIAL CIRCUMSTANCES

Section 1. In the event of a death in an employee's family, at the

discretion of the employee, up to ten (10) days of annual leave or leave

without pay (LWOP) shall be granted. For the purposes of this

Agreement, "family" is defined as the employee's father, mother, son,

daughter, brother, sister, grandparent, grandchild, uncle, aunt, cousin,

nephew, niece, husband, wife, father-in-law, mother-in-law, son-in-law,

daughter-in-law, brother-in-law, sister-in-law, step-

father/mother/sister/brother/son/daughter, half-brother, half-sister, life or

domestic partner, and in loco parentis.

In loco parentis is defined as any individual who has day-to-day

responsibility for the care and financial support of a child or, in the case

of an employee, who had such responsibility for the employee when the

employee was a child.  A biological or legal relationship is not necessary.

Section 2.  Requests for annual or sick leave for emergencies involving

illness or injury in the family shall be given priority.

Section 3.  Requests for annual leave, use of credit hours, compensatory

time, or leave without pay to observe the Sabbath, or any other

religious/ethnic holiday, or the employee's birthday shall be granted,

unless staffing and workload do not permit.

Section 4.  Employees shall be entitled to military leave as set forth in 5

USC 6323.

Section 5.  In accordance with the Family Medical Leave Act (FMLA),

upon request, an employee is entitled to a total of twelve (12)

administrative workweeks of leave without pay (LWOP) during any

twelve (12) month period for one (1) or more of the following reasons:

a.  birth of a son or daughter and care of the newborn;

81

b.

the placement of a son or daughter with an employee for adoption

or foster care;

c.  care for spouse (including pregnancy-related medical conditions),

son, daughter, or parent with a serious health condition;

d.  serious health condition (including pregnancy-related medical

conditions) of an employee that makes the employee unable to

perform duties of his/her position;

e.  because of any qualifying exigency (as determined by the

Secretary of Labor) arising out of the fact that the spouse, or a son,

daughter, or parent of the employee is on active duty (or has been

notified of an impending call or order to active duty) in the Armed

Forces in support of a contingency operation. For this subsection

only, the employee is entitled to up to a total of twelve (12)

administrative workweeks during any twelve (12) month period,

or a lesser period if so specified by the qualifying event.

Additional leave beyond the initial twelve (12) weeks in any twelve (12)

month period shall be subject to staffing and workload. An employee may

elect to substitute any paid leave for any or all of the period of leave taken

under this Section.

Section 6.  Within one hundred eighty (180) days of the signing of this

Agreement, the Parties shall meet to explore the feasibility of establishing

a paid parental leave program (e.g. excused absence, administrative

leave).

Section 7. In accordance with the FMLA, upon request, an employee who

is the spouse, son, daughter, parent, or next of kin of a current member of

the Armed Forces (including a member of the National Guard or

Reserves) who incurred a serious injury or illness in the course of active

duty shall be entitled to up to a total of twenty-six (26) workweeks of

leave during a twelve (12) month period to care for the service member.

The leave described in this Section shall only be available during a single

twelve (12) month period. If both spouses are employed by the Agency

and are eligible for leave under this Section, there is a limitation of a

combined total of twenty-six (26) workweeks of leave. The twenty-six

(26) workweeks described in this Section are inclusive of the twelve (12)

workweeks described in Section 5. An employee may elect to substitute

any paid leave for any or all of the period of leave taken under this

Section.

82

Section 8. Unless staffing and workload do not permit, employees shall

be granted annual leave or LWOP to care for members of their families

under the following circumstances where an employee:

a.

is needed to aid/assist in the care of his/her minor children whose

care provider is temporarily unable to provide care; or

b.  must accompany a family member to medical appointments.

Section 9. Terminal/en route employees and TMSs at the ATCSCC are

obligated by their significant safety duties and professional responsibilities

to prepare for duty with consideration for being well rested and mentally

alert.  It is the responsibility of these employees to recognize and report to

their supervisor when they are unable to perform operational duties due to

fatigue.  Upon request, employees who self-declare as unable to perform

operational duties due to fatigue will be granted leave.  Additionally, at

his/her request, an employee who self-declares as fatigued shall be

assigned other facility duties to the extent such duties are available.  If no

such duties are available, the employee will be granted leave as described

below:

a.  Sick leave shall be approved upon request.

b.  Annual leave or other types of leave shall be approved upon

request on a first requested basis. The approval of annual leave or

other types of leave for the purpose of this Section is not subject to

staffing and workload. Approval is based solely on whether or not

there are other previous annual leave or other types of leave

requests for the shift in question, which have not been approved.

If an employee subsequently determines that he/she is no longer fatigued,

he/she may cancel any leave taken.  Cancellation of annual leave will be

handled in accordance with Article 24 of this Agreement.

Section 10. Leave taken under this Article shall be given extra

consideration over spot leave requests as provided for in Article 24 of this

Agreement.

Section 11. The express terms of this Article apply separately and

distinctly to each of the following bargaining units: Air Traffic

Controllers, Traffic Management Coordinators/Specialists, FSS, and

NOTAM Specialists.

83

ARTICLE 27

JURY DUTY AND COURT LEAVE

Section 1. Performance of jury duty is considered a basic civic

responsibility of all employees. Accordingly, it is not appropriate to

initiate a request to defer or excuse employees summoned to serve in either

federal or state courts except in cases of the employee's illness or physical

disability. Although temporary loss of the employee's service may impair

operating capabilities, the employee's civic duty is of overriding

importance. There may occasionally arise urgent and extreme cases not

involving the employee's illness or physical disability where a request to

defer or excuse an employee may be appropriate. These must be

determined on an individual basis.

Section 2. If the employee's regularly scheduled tour of duty for the period

covered by court leave includes any overtime or holiday, Sunday, or night

shift work, the individual is entitled, except to the extent prohibited by

applicable statutes, to all other such pay as if this time were worked and

the employee had not been on court leave for the judicial proceeding.

Generally, fees received for jury or witness service on a non-workday, a

holiday, or while in a leave without pay status may be retained by the

employee. Any mileage and subsistence allowance received may be

retained by the employee. An employee who is on court leave, and

released early, may be granted administrative leave for the remainder of

the day. Employees assigned to night duty shall be granted court leave on

the days on which court duty is to be performed when attendance in court

would cause them to lose time for needed rest.

Section 3. At the request of an employee who has been granted court

leave, the employee's regular days off shall be changed to coincide with

jury service days off. This change of an employee's regular days off shall

not entitle the employee to receive pay in excess of that authorized for the

rescheduled tour of duty.

Section 4. When an employee is summoned as a witness in a judicial

proceeding to testify in an unofficial capacity on behalf of any party where

the United States, the District of Columbia, or any state or local

government is a party, in the District of Columbia, a state, territory, or

possession of the United States, including the Commonwealth of Puerto

Rico, the Trust Territory of the Pacific Islands, or the Republic of Panama,

the employee is entitled to court leave during the absence.

84

Section 5. When summoned or assigned by the Agency to testify in an

official capacity on behalf of the United States Government or the

Government of the District of Columbia, an employee is in an official duty

status as distinguished from a leave status, and is entitled to his/her regular

pay. An employee, not in an official capacity, who is subpoenaed or

otherwise ordered by the court to appear as a witness on behalf of a private

party when a party is not the United States, the District of Columbia, or

any state or local government, shall be granted annual leave or LWOP for

the absence as a witness.

Section 6. An employee receiving court leave or an absence in an official

duty status must show the order or subpoena which required his/her

attendance in court signed by the clerk of courts or other appropriate

official.

ARTICLE 28

HOLIDAYS

Section 1. The following are legal holidays:

New Year's Day - January 1

Martin Luther King, Jr.'s Birthday - third Monday in January

President's Day - third Monday in February

Memorial Day - last Monday in May

Independence Day - July 4

Labor Day - first Monday in September

Columbus Day - second Monday in October

Veterans Day - November 11

Thanksgiving Day - fourth Thursday in November

Christmas Day - December 25

Any other legally declared applicable Federal holiday

Section 2. When a holiday falls on a full-time employee's regular day off

(RDO), the following days shall be observed in lieu of the actual

holidays:

Scheduled Five-Day Workweek:

SCHEDULED

DAYS OFF

DAY ACTUAL

HOLIDAY

FALLS ON

DAY OBSERVED IN LIEU

SATURDAY-

SATURDAY

PRECEDING FRIDAY

85

SCHEDULED

DAYS OFF

DAY ACTUAL

HOLIDAY

FALLS ON

SUNDAY

SUNDAY-

MONDAY

MONDAY-

TUESDAY

SUNDAY

SUNDAY

MONDAY

MONDAY

TUESDAY

DAY OBSERVED IN LIEU

FOLLOWING MONDAY

FOLLOWING TUESDAY

PRECEDING SATURDAY

FOLLOWING WEDNESDAY

PRECEDING SUNDAY

TUESDAY-

WEDNESDAY

TUESDAY

WEDNESDAY

FOLLOWING THURSDAY

PRECEDING MONDAY

WEDNESDAY-

THURSDAY

WEDNESDAY

THURSDAY

FOLLOWING FRIDAY

PRECEDING TUESDAY

THURSDAY-

FRIDAY

FRIDAY-

SATURDAY

THURSDAY

FRIDAY

FRIDAY

SATURDAY

FOLLOWING SATURDAY

PRECEDING WEDNESDAY

FOLLOWING SUNDAY

PRECEDING THURSDAY

Scheduled Four-Day Workweek:

SCHEDULED

DAYS OFF

DAY

ACTUAL

HOLIDAY

FALLS ON

DAY OBSERVED IN LIEU

SUNDAY

MONDAY

TUESDAY

SUNDAY

MONDAY

TUESDAY

FOLLOWING WEDNESDAY

PRECEDING SATURDAY

PRECEDING SATURDAY

MONDAY

TUESDAY

WEDNESDAY

MONDAY

TUESDAY

WEDNESDAY

FOLLOWING THURSDAY

PRECEDING SUNDAY

PRECEDING SUNDAY

TUESDAY

WEDNESDAY

THURSDAY

TUESDAY

WEDNESDAY

THURSDAY

FOLLOWING FRIDAY

PRECEDING MONDAY

PRECEDING MONDAY

WEDNESDAY

THURSDAY

FRIDAY

WEDNESDAY

THURSDAY

FRIDAY

FOLLOWING SATURDAY

PRECEDING TUESDAY

PRECEDING TUESDAY

THURSDAY

THURSDAY

FOLLOWING SUNDAY

86

SCHEDULED

DAYS OFF

FRIDAY

SATURDAY

FRIDAY

SATURDAY

SUNDAY

SATURDAY

SUNDAY

MONDAY

NOTE:

DAY

ACTUAL

HOLIDAY

FALLS ON

FRIDAY

SATURDAY

FRIDAY

SATURDAY

SUNDAY

SATURDAY

SUNDAY

MONDAY

DAY OBSERVED IN LIEU

PRECEDING WEDNESDAY

PRECEDING WEDNESDAY

PRECEDING THURSDAY

PRECEDING THURSDAY

FOLLOWING MONDAY

PRECEDING FRIDAY

FOLLOWING TUESDAY

PRECEDING FRIDAY

a.  When the actual holiday falls on an employee’s first regular day

off of the administrative workweek, the employee’s next workday,

which is not a holiday or holiday in lieu of, will be the day

observed in lieu of.

b.  When the actual holiday falls on any other regular day off, the

previous workday, which is not a holiday or holiday in lieu of, will

be the day observed in lieu of.

Section 3. When an employee works a holiday or day in lieu of a holiday,

he/she shall be entitled to pay at the rate of his/her Base Pay, plus holiday

premium pay at a rate equal to the rate of his/her Base Pay for that holiday

work actually performed, which is not in excess of their regular tour of

duty or is not overtime work as defined by 5 USC 5542(a). Holiday

premium pay is paid in addition to any other premium pay granted for

overtime, night, or Sunday work and in addition to the hazardous duty pay

differential.

Section 4. An employee excused on a holiday, day in lieu of, or portion(s)

thereof shall be entitled to his/her base rate of pay for that time which the

employee is excused.

Section 5. Unless staffing and workload do not permit, employees

scheduled to work on the actual established holidays or days observed in

lieu of such holidays shall be given such day off if they so request. The

procedures for approval of holiday leave requests shall be negotiated at the

87

local level. Upon request of the Union, approval shall be according to

seniority, which will be determined by the Union.

Section 6. If the actual holiday falls in the middle of the employee's

workweek, the Agency at an employee's request, will change the

employee's RDO to provide three (3) or four (4) days off in succession

unless staffing and workload do not permit or such change would result in

increased costs for premium pay.  Requests under this Section will be

acted upon on a first-come, first-served basis with other shift/RDO change

requests.

Section 7. A list of employees assigned to work actual holidays shall be

posted at least twenty-eight (28) days in advance and these assignments,

once posted, shall normally not be changed without the consent of the

employee(s) involved. Subsequent requests for holiday leave shall be

approved/disapproved during the shift on which the request is made.

Approval/disapproval shall not be subject to conditional circumstances.

Section 8. Historically, traffic volume is significantly reduced during the

Christmas, New Year’s, and Thanksgiving holidays. As many employees

as feasible shall be excused from duty on these holidays or their day in lieu

of; and only as many employees as necessary to meet workload

requirements will be required to work. Terminal/Systems Operations

employees not certified on any positions and En Route employees who are

not certified on any more than the "A" side position will normally be given

holiday leave on these Federal holidays and days in lieu of.

Section 9. Historically, all other Federal holidays have normal or close to

normal traffic volumes and are considered normal operational days.

Section 10. The express terms of this Article apply separately and

distinctly to each of the following bargaining units: Air Traffic

Controllers, Traffic Management Coordinators/Specialists, FSS, and

NOTAM Specialists.

ARTICLE 29

EXCUSED ABSENCES

Section 1. For the purposes of this Agreement, excused absence is defined

as an employee's absence from duty and duty station without loss of,

charge to, or reduction of an employee's leave, pay, or benefits.

88

Section 2. Employees may be allowed up to four (4) hours excused

absence based on staffing and workload in connection with each blood or

platelet donation. If proof of attendance is required, employees shall be

notified in advance.

Section 3. Employees may be granted excused absence for brief tardiness

of up to one (1) hour when the employee provides acceptable justification.

Section 4. Up to sixty-four (64) hours of excused absence, as requested by

the employee, shall be granted for arrangements incident to a change in the

employee's official post of duty, including initial assignments, and upon

completion of initial qualifications training, regardless of whether or not

the residence is being relocated. Excused absence may be granted up to

two (2) years from the effective date of the permanent change of official

post of duty. Employees may be required to provide justification for the

use of this time. This Section is not inclusive of any time provided for

"house hunting.”

Section 5. Terminal/En Route Academy Graduates

a.  Upon graduation from initial training at the Mike Monroney

Aeronautical Center, terminal and en route employees shall be

provided with the following options:

(1)  The employees will be provided an airline ticket and given

one (1) day of travel before reporting to the facility to which

assigned. This is the authorized method of travel for purposes

of applying for reimbursement under the FAATP; or

(2)  The employees may elect to travel via a privately owned

vehicle (POV). The employees will be granted excused

absence up to the number of days indicated in Appendix G, for

travel to the facility to which assigned. Excused absence is not

granted for regular days off (RDO).

b.  Employees who elect an airline ticket will be paid for travel

expenses in accordance with the FAATP.

c.  Employees who elect to drive their POV must do a cost

comparison between the cost of the authorized method of travel

and the actual expenses incurred while traveling via POV, as

outlined in the FAATP, and will be reimbursed for whichever is

less. Lodging and per diem will not be paid for non-travel days.

89

d.  Upon the request of the employee, the Agency will approve the

employee to swap his/her RDOs to maximize consecutive days of

travel in a duty status. Not more than forty (40) hours of excused

absence may be granted in a workweek.

e.  Upon arrival at his/her destination, the employee must either

report for duty the next scheduled duty day, or make arrangements

for excused absence under Section 4 of this Article; and/or request

leave under other provisions of this Agreement.

f.  The amount of excused absence granted in Appendix G may not

be increased at the local facility.

g.  The granting of excused absence to enable an employee to travel

to his/her new facility is in addition to excused absence that may

be granted for pre- and post-moving arrangements as provided by

Agency policy and Section 4 of this Article.

Section 6. The Agency shall provide employees with seven (7) days of

excused absence in a calendar year to serve as a bone marrow donor and

thirty (30) days of excused absence in a calendar year to serve as an organ

donor.

Section 7. Annually, the Union sponsors a Communicating for Safety

conference for the purpose of advancing aviation safety. The Parties agree

that for the purpose of this annual conference, the following procedures

shall apply:

a.  Employees wishing to attend this conference on duty time must

request release sufficiently in advance to allow the Agency

reasonable time to determine whether or not the employee will be

released.

b.  Requests for excused absence to attend this conference shall be

submitted to the Agency by the Union at the national level at least

forty-five (45) days prior to the conference.

c.  The Agency will not pay travel, per diem, tuition, or other related

costs.

Section 8. An employee must be granted funeral leave as needed and

requested, not to exceed three (3) workdays, to make arrangements for or

90

to attend the funeral or memorial service of a family member who died as

the result of a wound, disease, or injury incurred while serving as a

member of the Armed Forces in a combat zone. All permanent full-time or

part-time, temporary for a year or more, and indefinite employees are

eligible for funeral leave.

For the purpose of this Section, family member is defined as: spouse, and

parents thereof; children, including adopted children, and spouses thereof;

parents; brothers and sisters, and spouses thereof; and any individual

related by blood or affinity whose close association with the deceased was

such as to have been the equivalent of a family relationship.

Funeral leave is granted without loss of or reduction in pay, or leave to

which the employee is otherwise entitled, or credit for time in service.

Funeral leave is granted only from a regularly scheduled tour of duty,

including regularly scheduled overtime.

Section 9. The Parties recognize that the United States is a global aviation

leader in terms of innovation, complexity, efficiency, and safety. Through

partnerships, associations, and collaborative efforts, the Parties are

working with the rest of the world towards the goal of achieving the

highest standards of safety and efficiency globally.

Once annually, the Union may provide the name(s) of up to two (2)

employees who are designated as members of standing committees of the

International Federation of Air Traffic Controllers Associations

(IFATCA). Each designated IFATCA participant shall be granted up to

one hundred twenty (120) hours of excused absence annually, provided the

Union gives forty-five (45) days advance notice of the scheduled

meeting(s).

Additionally, the Union may provide the name of the individual who is

designated as the IFATCA representative on the International Civil

Aviation Organization (ICAO) Air Navigation Committee. Upon request,

this individual shall be granted up to sixteen (16) weeks of excused

absence annually. Requests for excused absences shall be made at least

twenty-eight (28) days in advance. This representative will provide

periodic updates to a designated Agency point of contact, if requested.

Section 10. Employees returning from active military service in

connection with the Global War on Terror (Operation Noble Eagle,

Operation Enduring Freedom, Operation Iraqi Freedom, or any other

military operations subsequently established under Executive Order

91

13223) are granted five (5) workdays of excused absence before they

return to work without charge to leave, upon notification to their

employing agency of their intent to return to federal civilian employment.

All employees who were activated for any such military service are

eligible for this leave provided that:

a.

the employee has served at least forty-two (42) consecutive days

of active military service. Multiple periods of active duty service

less than forty-two (42) days cannot be combined or accumulated

to meet this requirement;

b.

the employee is limited to five (5) workdays of excused absence

within a twelve (12) month period. The twelve (12) month period

begins on the first day of the excused absence.

The employee may not return to federal civilian duty and then take the five

(5) days of excused absence at a later date. The five (5) days of excused

absence must be granted as soon as the employee reports back for federal

civilian duty or notifies the Agency of his/her intent to return. However, if

the employee had already returned to federal civilian service prior to the

issuance of the Presidential memorandum on November 14, 2003, or was

not granted the five (5) days of excused absence for a second or

subsequent deployment, he/she may take the five (5) days of excused

absence at a time mutually agreeable to the employee and the Agency.

Section 11.  Employees shall be entitled to excused absence as set forth in

5 USC 6321.

Section 12.  In accordance with Agency directives, excused absence may

be made available for other circumstances.

ARTICLE 30

PRENATAL/INFANT CARE

Section 1. When employees request, they shall receive an uninterrupted

period of leave for up to six (6) months for prenatal/infant care needs,

including infant adoption.

Section 2. Subject to staffing and workload, when employees request, they

shall be entitled to leave for an additional three (3) months for

prenatal/infant care, including infant adoption. Employees on

prenatal/infant care leave under this Section are subject to recall to duty

92

with thirty (30) days notice, when unforeseen staffing and workload

necessitate a return to duty.

Section 3. The leave afforded employees in this Article is in addition to

the leave entitlements contained in Article 26, Section 5.

The provisions of this Article shall not run concurrently with FMLA. The

employee shall determine in what order he/she will utilize the provisions

contained within this Article and Article 26, Section 5.

Section 4. During the period of leave under this Article, the employee may

choose how and in what order such absence will be recorded: sick leave,

annual leave, and/or LWOP, to the extent that annual and/or sick leave is

available. Advance sick leave may not exceed thirty (30) days.

Section 5. During the period of leave under this Article, retirement, time-

in-grade coverage, health benefits, and life insurance benefits will be

continued to the extent permitted by applicable law and regulation.

Section 6. To the extent staffing and workload permit, employees shall be

allowed to work part-time to accommodate prenatal/infant care needs.

Section 7. The entitlements to leave within this Article shall be a

maximum period of nine (9) months. The total entitlements contained

within this Article shall conclude no later than twelve (12) months from

the date of the birth of the child or the date of the infant adoption.

Section 8. The provisions of this Article shall apply to each instance of

childbirth or infant adoption.

ARTICLE 31

CHILD CARE

Section 1. The Parties recognize the relationship of adequate child care to

employee satisfaction and productivity and that this is mutually beneficial.

However, the Parties further recognize that it is not within the authority of

the Agency to directly provide on-site child care at its facilities.

Section 2. In accordance with governing regulations, the Agency shall

provide advice and assistance concerning employee child care. Such

advice and assistance may include conducting needs assessment surveys,

93

maintaining information about private child care facilities available to

employees, and maintaining information about tuition assistance programs.

Section 3. In accordance with governing regulations, the Agency may

provide suitable government owned or leased space and space-related

services without charge for the purpose of establishing child care facilities

in or near the Agency's facilities.

When any facility is constructed and there will be at least fifty (50)

employees in the facility, the Agency shall conduct a needs assessment

survey to determine the feasibility of establishing a child care facility. The

Agency shall compile a list of other government facilities within the

commuting area, so that such facilities may combine resources for the

purpose of meeting the basic eligibility requirements as determined by

GSA.

If requested, the Union shall be involved in all phases of this process.

Section 4. When workgroups are formed for the purpose of establishing

on-site or off-site child care facilities, the Union shall be entitled to name a

representative on the group. The representative will be allowed duty time

to participate in the activities of the group if otherwise in a duty status. If

requested by the representative and staffing and workload permit, the

Agency shall change his/her days off to allow participation in a duty status

for these purposes. If the Agency is unable to approve the change as

specified above, the workgroup meeting will be rescheduled to a mutually

agreeable time.

Section 5. The Agency shall provide for the use of a private area in all of

its facilities for nursing mothers to express milk during working hours. The

area shall be a space other than a bathroom that is uninterrupted, shielded

from view, provides predictable privacy, is not accessible through another

room, and is free from intrusion from co-workers and the public. If there is

no employee with a need to express breast milk, there is no requirement to

provide a lactation space. Employees, who are nursing mothers, will

submit the Nursing Mothers Program Form in Appendix H to their

immediate supervisor at least one (1) pay period in advance of the

effective pay period. The Union and Agency at the local level shall meet

and collaboratively determine a suitable location that meets the

requirements of this Section.

94

Section 6. When it is necessary for a nursing mother to express milk, a

reasonable break shall be provided. The duration of the break will vary

according to the needs of the individual mother.

ARTICLE 32

WATCH SCHEDULES AND SHIFT ASSIGNMENTS

Section 1. The basic watch schedule (BWS) is defined as days of the

week, hours of the day, rotation of shifts, and regular days off. The

schedule shall be posted one (1) year in advance. Prior to developing the

BWS, the Agency will meet with the Union at the local level to discuss

respective scheduling concerns; this discussion shall include but is not

limited to: current and projected facility staffing levels and coverage

requirements. For the purpose of this Article, coverage requirements are

defined as the distribution of available resources to be assigned to the

BWS.

Section 2. The Parties at the local level shall collaborate on the

development of shift guidelines, including any modifications thereto, that

are to be utilized for the posted watch schedule. For the purpose of this

Article, shift guidelines are defined as the number of employees to meet

the forecasted workload requirements for the core and ancillary shifts.

These shift guidelines will be incorporated in the annual BWS

agreement(s). The Agency shall communicate the reason(s) to the Union

when the number of employees assigned to any core or ancillary shift is

posted below guidelines. Prior to posting a watch schedule that deviates

from the corresponding shift guidelines for the Day, Evening, and

Midnight shifts, the Parties will meet to engage in a collaborative

discussion regarding alternatives and associated scheduling concerns.

Section 3. The Agency shall establish three (3) core shifts: Day, Evening,

and Midnight shifts and no more than three (3) ancillary shifts attached to

each core shift. Absent mutual agreement at the facility level, there will be

no more than three (3) ancillary shifts attached to each core shift. Any

additional ancillary shifts are to be negotiated at the local level. All core

and ancillary shifts will be incorporated in the annual BWS agreement(s).

Section 4. Once annually, prior to bidding for annual leave, the Parties at

the local level shall negotiate the BWS as follows: employee rotation

through shifts; permanent/rotating shifts; permanent/rotating regular days

off; the procedures for CPCs to bid the BWS; procedures for CPC-

ITs/developmentals to bid the BWS independently of the CPCs unless

95

otherwise agreed to by the Parties at the local level; and at the request of

the Union, Alternative Work Schedule(s) in accordance with Article 34 of

this Agreement.

Bidding for assignments to the BWS shall be done according to seniority.

Any change to the BWS shall be handled in accordance with Article 7 of

this Agreement.

Section 5. The posted watch schedule is defined as the assignment of

employees to specific shifts. The posted watch schedule shall be

published at least twenty-eight (28) days in advance. Assignments of

individual employees to the posted watch schedule are not considered

changes to the BWS.

Section 6. The Parties recognize that changing an employee's posted

watch schedule is undesirable. The Agency will normally give no less

than seven (7) days notice of its intention to modify a posted watch

schedule. In such case, it shall attempt to avoid the change by soliciting

qualified volunteers for forty-eight (48) hours. If the Agency determines

it is necessary to modify a posted watch schedule with less than seven (7)

days notice, it will make reasonable efforts to secure qualified

volunteers. Changes with less than seven (7) days notice shall not be

made for the purpose of avoiding payment of overtime, holiday, or other

premium pay. If an employee's shift is involuntarily changed with less

than seven (7) days notice, the affected employee shall be paid any night

time differentials to which he/she would otherwise have been entitled,

had they worked that shift.

Section 7. The Agency shall approve the exchange of shifts and/or days

off of the same lengths by employees of equal qualifications provided the

exchange does not result in overtime or the violation of the basic

workweek.

Staffing and workload permitting, the Agency shall approve the exchange

of shifts and/or days off of different lengths by employees of equal

qualifications provided the exchange does not result in overtime or the

violation of the basic workweek.

Any such requests shall normally be approved/disapproved within two (2)

hours of when the request was made, or prior to the end of the shift,

whichever is less.

96

Section 8. When considering an individual request for a shift and/or days

off change, the Agency will consider the staffing and workload of the

losing and gaining shift as a precondition to approval. If it is determined

that those needs are adequately met, the change shall be approved.

Section 9. Shift adjustments for the purpose of continuing an employee's

off-duty education or professional training shall be handled on an

individual basis. However, the Agency agrees that in no instance shall shift

adjustments for this purpose interfere with the watch schedule rotation of

any other employee at that facility without the consent of the employee so

affected. No employee may receive preference at the expense of another

unless both employees agree to the arrangement. The employee requesting

education shift adjustment shall be responsible for obtaining the consent of

all other employees affected.

Section 10. The express terms of this Article apply separately and

distinctly to each of the following bargaining units: Air Traffic

Controllers, Traffic Management Coordinators/Specialists, FSS, and

NOTAM Specialists.

ARTICLE 33

POSITION ROTATION AND RELIEF PERIODS

Section 1. Employees should not be required to spend more than two (2)

consecutive hours performing operational duties without a break away

from operational areas. The supervisor is responsible for ensuring that

breaks are administered in accordance with this Article.

In any facility where employees routinely spend more than two (2)

consecutive hours on position without a break, the NATCA Regional Vice

President and the Service Area Director shall meet to develop a plan to

address the issue.

Section 2. The Parties recognize that air traffic controllers should have

break periods away from their assigned duties during their shifts, based on

staffing and workload, to recuperate. Breaks are defined as a period of

time during which no duties are assigned, and offer employees

opportunities to attend to personal needs and rejuvenate their mental

acuity.  However, employees are subject to recall. Requests for an

employee leaving the facility for short periods of time shall not be

unreasonably denied.

97

Section 3. To the extent traffic volume and staffing levels within a facility

on a given day permit, position assignments shall be rotated among the

qualified employees. The Agency shall seek input from the Union with

respect to the rotational plan that the facility will normally follow.

Section 4. First priority for breaks shall be given to providing a reasonable

amount of time away from the position of operation for meals. In the event

the employee is required to work during the fourth (4th) hour through the

sixth (6th) hour of his/her shift without a minimum thirty (30) minute

uninterrupted meal break, he/she shall be compensated at the rate of fifty

percent (50%) of one-half of the applicable hourly rate of Base Pay. If the

employee requests and receives the meal break during some other period,

he/she will not be eligible for the missed meal premium pay.

Section 5. Since position rotation and breaks may be restricted or

precluded during shifts with the majority of hours between 2330 and 0630

local time, breaks/assignments to less busy positions shall be accomplished

in the last two (2) hours of the shift as soon as operational conditions

permit.

Length of recuperative breaks on midnight shifts shall be longer than those

normally provided during other shifts, to the maximum extent possible,

staffing and workload permitting.

ARTICLE 34

WORKING HOURS

Section 1. A full-time employee's basic workday shall consist of eight

(8) consecutive hours and the basic workweek shall consist of five (5)

consecutive days except as authorized in this Article. At an employee's

request, the Agency may consider non-consecutive hours and/or non-

consecutive days off.

Section 2. Employees with a regularly scheduled shift who would

otherwise lose an hour of work because of the changeover to daylight

savings time must be afforded an opportunity to remain on duty at the

end of their normal shift to maintain their full number of hours with

normal pay.

Section 3. The Agency may change an employee's shift to an

administrative schedule (eight and one-half [8 1/2] hour shift including

an unpaid thirty [30] minute meal period) for the purpose of

98

administrative travel or to receive official training away from the

operational environment, unless the employee is subject to operational

recall. Employees will adhere to the tour of duty of the organizational

segment to which they are temporarily assigned. Employees who are

disciplined for conduct offenses or are undergoing performance related

training may be reverted to an administrative workday(s) shift to ensure

closer supervision.

Section 4. Participants in Alternative Work Schedules (AWS) shall be

bargaining unit employees who volunteer in writing.

Section 5. In conjunction with the development of the annual basic

watch schedule under Article 32, and at the request of the Union, the

Parties at the local level shall negotiate AWS (Flexible Work Schedules

and/or Compressed Work Schedules) provided any schedule agreed to

by the Parties would not have an adverse Agency impact or result in

any incurred overtime entitlements.

a.  Adverse Agency impact is defined as:

(1)  a reduction of the level of productivity of the Agency;

(2)  a diminished level of service furnished to the public by the

Agency; or

(3)  an increase in the cost of Agency operations (other than a

reasonable administrative cost relating to the process of

establishing a compressed schedule).  If the Parties at the

local level reach impasse regarding the determination to

establish an AWS, the impasse shall be resolved utilizing

the provisions of Article 7 of this Agreement.

b.  For the purpose of this Agreement, Flexible Work Schedule is

defined as:

(1)  Maxiflex-40 is a type of flexible work schedule, negotiated

in accordance with Article 32 of this Agreement, that

contains core hours on up to five (5) workdays in the

workweek and in which a full-time employee has a basic

work requirement of forty (40) hours for the workweek, but

in which an employee’s schedule may vary the number of

hours worked on a given workday.

99

(a)  A minimum of seven (7) hours core time each

workday. "Core time" means those designated hours

and days during the biweekly pay period established

by the Agency when an employee on certain flexible

schedules must be present for work.

(b)  A maximum of one (1) flexible hour, to be

negotiated locally, which must be worked each

workday.

(c)  Employees may vary start times on a daily basis

only during the established flexible times.

(2)  For FSS only, Maxiflex-80 is a type of flexible work

schedule, negotiated in accordance with Article 32 of this

Agreement, that contains core hours on up to ten (10)

workdays in the biweekly pay period and in which a full-

time employee has a basic work requirement of eighty (80)

hours for the pay period, but in which an employee’s

schedule may vary the number of hours worked on a given

workday.

(a)  A minimum of seven (7) hours core time each

workday. "Core time" means those designated hours

and days during the biweekly pay period established

by the Agency when an employee on certain flexible

schedules must be present for work.

(b)  A maximum of one (1) flexible hour, to be

negotiated locally, which must be worked each

workday.

(c)  Employees may vary start times on a daily basis

only during the established flexible times.

c.  For the purpose of this Agreement, Compressed Work Schedules

are defined as:

(1)  A fixed schedule where an employee works four 10-hour

days per workweek (i.e. 4-10 schedule).

(2)  A fixed schedule where an employee works eight 9-hour

days and one 8-hour day for a total of eighty (80) hours in

100

a biweekly pay period (i.e. 5/4-9 schedule).

Section 6. “Credit hours” are non-overtime hours worked pursuant to a

flexible work schedule established under this Article which are in excess

of an employee’s basic work requirement and which the employee elects

to work, after approval by the Agency, so as to vary the length of a

workweek or a workday.

Employees are not paid Base Pay or overtime pay for credit hours when

they earn them. Employees earning credit hours are not entitled to night

differential, Sunday premium pay, or holiday premium pay. An employee

may use credit hours during a subsequent day, week, or pay period to

allow the employee to be absent from an equal number of hours of the

employee’s basic work requirement with no loss of Base Pay.

Section 7.  At the request of an employee and with approval by the

Agency, the employee may earn credit hours on an employee’s regular day

off or in conjunction with a particular shift.

Section 8. The Agency shall not coerce, assign, or otherwise require

employees to work additional hours or days for credit hours. Any

solicitation to earn credit hours shall be on an equitable basis.

Section 9. Employees may request to work credit hours in order to provide

coverage for another employee who requests leave. An employee approved

to work credit hours in order to provide coverage for another employee

shall work the credit hours unless the employee has been relieved of the

assignment. In accordance with Article 24 of this Agreement, leave

requests shall be approved in the order that they were requested.

Section 10. Credit hours must be earned prior to their use. Procedures for

approving the use of credit hours shall be the same as those approving

leave requests under Article 24 of this Agreement. If requested in advance,

employees may substitute credit hours for approved annual leave other

than annual leave accrued during the current leave year that was selected

within designated pre-approved opportunities in accordance with Article

24 of this Agreement.

Section 11. For a full-time employee, only twenty-four (24) credit hours

may be carried over to the next pay period.  For a part-time employee, not

more than one-fourth (1/4) of the hours in the employee’s biweekly basic

work requirement may be carried over to the next pay period.

101

Full-time employees with credit hour balances in excess of twenty-four

(24) hours as of the effective date of this Agreement will carryover that

balance but will not be eligible to earn additional credit hours until their

balance is reduced to less than twenty-four (24) hours. Part-time

employees with credit hour balances in excess of one-fourth (1/4) of the

hours in their biweekly basic work requirement as of the effective date of

this Agreement will carryover that balance but will not be eligible to earn

additional credit hours until their balance is reduced to less than one-fourth

(1/4) of their biweekly basic work requirement.

Section 12. A full-time employee shall be paid at the employee’s current

rate of Base Pay for a maximum of twenty-four (24) unused credit hours

when federal employment ends, the employee transfers to another agency

as defined in 5 USC 6121(1), or the employee otherwise is no longer

participating in a flexible work schedule.

A part-time employee shall be paid at the employee’s current rate of Base

Pay for those unused credit hours not in excess of one-fourth (1/4) of the

employee's biweekly basic work requirement when federal employment

ends, the employee transfers to another agency as defined in 5 USC

6121(1), or the employee otherwise is no longer participating in a flexible

work schedule.

Section 13. All employees who volunteer and subsequently participate in

an AWS will be expected to participate for the duration of the annual

schedule. An employee may be relieved from an AWS for hardship

reasons. The reasons shall be set forth in writing to the Agency and the

Union at the local level. Removals from AWS for hardship reasons shall

be based on the merits of each case, and if found acceptable by the

Agency, after direct discussion with the Union, employees shall be

accommodated as soon as staffing, workload, and scheduling requirements

permit.

Section 14. Developmentals may participate in an AWS unless the Agency

determines that it will negatively impact their training.

Section 15. If at any time, the Agency determines that any schedule

established under the provisions of this Article has had or would have an

adverse Agency impact as defined in this Article, it will follow the

provisions of Article 7 of this Agreement to seek termination of the

schedule.

102

Section 16. The express terms of this Article apply separately and

distinctly to each of the following bargaining units: Air Traffic

Controllers, Traffic Management Coordinators/Specialists, FSS, and

NOTAM Specialists.

ARTICLE 35

PART-TIME EMPLOYMENT/JOB SHARING

Section 1. This Article deals with full-time employees who are

participating in and transitioning to part-time schedules and job sharing.

Part-time and job sharing are designed to provide career opportunities for

individuals who cannot or do not want to work full-time and are an

acceptable and welcome alternative to the traditional full-time forty (40)

hour workweek.

a.  For employees, working part-time or job sharing can provide an

opportunity to:

(1)  work and spend more time with children;

(2)  care for an aging or an ill family member;

(3)  pursue educational opportunities;

(4)  participate in volunteer or leisure activities; or

(5)  continue to work when illness or physical limitations prevent

the employee from working a full-time schedule.

b.  For the Agency, allowing part-time or job sharing can allow:

(1)  retention of highly qualified employees not available for full-

time employment;

(2)  recruitment of employees with special skills who are unable or

do not want to work a full-time schedule;

(3)  meeting operational requirements during workload surges; and

(4)  reduction of current human resource expenditures when

employees voluntarily reduce their work hours.

103

Denials of requests for part-time or job sharing will be discussed with the

employees, and upon request, employees will be provided specific written

reasons for denials.

Section 2. While the Union recognizes the statutory rights of the Agency

with respect to the establishment of permanent part-time positions, such

positions have not previously existed. Should the Agency make the

determination to establish part-time positions as a condition of

employment, the Union reserves the right to mid-term negotiations. Any

negotiations shall be in accordance with Article 7 of this Agreement.

Nothing in this Article precludes a full-time employee from requesting

permanent part-time employment as set forth in the Human Resource

Policy Manual (HRPM).

Section 3. Except as provided in Section 4 below:

a.

the tour of duty for a part-time employee will be no less than

sixteen (16) and no more than thirty-two (32) hours per week; and

b.  a part-time employee's tour of duty will be documented on an SF-

50, Notification of Personnel Action.

Section 4. An increase of a part-time employee's tour of duty above

thirty-two (32) hours per week or sixty-four (64) hours per pay period will

be in accordance with HRPM LWS-8.16.

Section 5. If an employee working a temporary part-time schedule is

directed by the Agency, or the employee requests, to return to a full-time

schedule, a thirty (30) day notice shall be provided.

Section 6. Any person who is employed on a full-time basis shall not be

required to accept part-time employment as a condition of continued

employment.

Section 7. A part-time employee receives a full year of service credit for

each calendar year worked (regardless of tour of duty) for the purpose of

computing service for retention, retirement, career tenure, and leave

accrual rate.

Section 8. A part-time employee shall accrue leave for each year of

service in accordance with HRPM LWS-8.1, HRPM LWS-8.3, and this

Agreement, on a pro-rated basis.

104

Section 9. Before an employee is assigned to a part-time position or a job

sharing arrangement, the Agency will brief the employee on the impact of

this assignment on the following: retirement, reduction-in-force, health

and life insurance, promotion, and increases in pay. Upon request, the

Agency shall provide this information to the employee in the form of a

written fact sheet.

Section 10. Placement of part-time employees in the watch schedule

rotation pattern shall not adversely impact the normal work schedule

rotation pattern of full-time employees.

Section 11. Employees who share a job are considered to be individual

part-time employees for purposes of appointment, pay, classification,

leave, holidays, benefits, position management, service credit, and

reduction-in-force. Job sharers will be limited to equally qualified

employees in the same area/facility.

Section 12. Employee requests to participate in job sharing must be made

in writing to the employee's immediate supervisor. If the potential job

sharers have the same supervisor, the request may be made jointly. If not,

each employee must submit a separate request to his/her supervisor. The

request must identify the job to be shared and the employees who propose

to share it. The employee is responsible for locating a job sharing

partner(s).

Section 13. When, as part of its consideration of a job sharing request, the

Agency meets with potential job sharing candidates, the Union will be

notified and given an opportunity to be present during such meetings.

Section 14. The Air Traffic Manager or designee and job sharers must

sign an Agency job sharing agreement. Each job sharer will receive a

copy of the job sharing agreement and must understand their individual

responsibility in carrying out the duties and responsibilities of the

position. Any changes to an approved job sharing arrangement will

require the establishment of a new job sharing plan consistent with the

provisions of this Article.

Section 15. Flexibilities such as overlapping time or simultaneous shifts

may be considered when scheduling job sharers. Each employee's

scheduled work hours and the overlap period depends on the needs of the

position, the availability of the employees, and the resources available.

105

Section 16. The job sharers will be informed, before starting the job

sharing arrangement, that the manager has the authority to approve, revise,

or terminate a job sharing agreement. All parties, including job sharers,

agree to provide thirty (30) days notice before terminating a part-time

assignment or job sharing agreement. The expectation that the remaining

job sharer is to work full-time until another job sharer is found in the event

that one job sharer is unable to maintain the agreed upon schedule, goes on

extended leave, resigns, or takes another job, should be clearly stated.

Section 17. Part-time and job sharing employees shall be paid appropriate

premium pay and differentials for hours worked. Permanent or temporary

part-time employees are not entitled to holiday in lieu of days.

ARTICLE 36

EMPLOYEE EXPRESS

Section 1. All employees are required to use Employee Express to process

personnel actions that are capable of being accomplished through

Employee Express. Employees who have physical impairments will

receive assistance, upon request, in order to process their payroll and

personnel information using Employee Express. Information about

Employee Express will be made available to all employees.

Section 2. The Parties agree that for all employees who do not have

personal workstations with computer and printer access, access will be

provided during administrative hours to computers and printers in

administrative areas for the purpose of using Employee Express. These

computers shall not be computers already assigned at personal

workstations.

Section 3. The Agency shall provide information on the use of Employee

Express and the availability of assistance in using Employee Express. The

Agency shall provide employees with the name, phone number, and email

address of a point of contact responsible for providing assistance in using

Employee Express.

Section 4. Employees shall have the ability to access Employee Express

while in a duty status, if otherwise in a duty status.

106

ARTICLE 37

BACK PAY

Section 1. The Parties recognize the power of an appropriate authority to

render a remedy in accordance with the provisions of 5 USC 5596.

ARTICLE 38

OVERTIME

Section 1. The facility manager shall maintain a roster of qualified

bargaining unit employees who have indicated a desire to work overtime.

The Agency has determined that OJTI and CIC certifications shall not be

a requirement for an employee to be on the roster. The roster and

distribution of overtime provided for in this Article shall be available to

facility employees. Employees must provide a current telephone number.

The Parties at the local level shall negotiate the procedures for the

distribution of overtime.

Section 2. When overtime work is to be performed, it shall first be made

available to employees on the roster on an equitable basis, except in

situations where a CIC-certified bargaining unit employee is necessary to

provide watch supervision (e.g. opening/closing shifts, to meet

contractual obligations to provide a break away from the operational area)

and no other reasonable alternative exists, then the overtime assignment

shall be offered to the next available CIC-certified bargaining unit

employee on the roster. To the extent practicable, the Agency will consult

with the Union prior to moving to the next available CIC-certified

bargaining unit employee.

In the event no employees on this roster can be reached, the Agency may

require other qualified unit employees to work the overtime. Any

assignments to employees not listed on the roster shall be made on an

equitable basis.

Section 3. Upon request, the Agency shall provide the Union a current

copy of the overtime roster(s).

Section 4. If an employee assigned to work overtime can secure a

qualified replacement, he/she shall be relieved of the assignment. If the

employee cannot secure a qualified replacement, the employee will

work the overtime. An employee shall be relieved of an overtime

assignment when, in the judgment of the Agency:

107

a.

the health or efficiency of the employee may be impaired; or

b.  personal circumstances make it impossible for the employee to

perform the overtime duty.

Section 5. In the event of holdover overtime, the Agency shall notify the

employee as soon as possible before the end of the employee's regular

shift.

Section 6. Annual leave may be granted to any employee regardless of

whether or not overtime work is being performed at the time by other

employees on the shift.

Section 7. Overtime pay computations for non-exempt bargaining unit

employees must be made solely in accordance with the Fair Labor

Standards Act (FLSA) regulations in 5 CFR Part 551 and this Agreement.

Employees are not eligible for overtime pay for work in excess of eight (8)

hours in an administrative workday, except in cases where they have been

called in before the beginning, or held over beyond the end, of their

scheduled shift. For the purpose of this provision, all hours in a paid leave

status are considered hours of work.

Section 8. Non-exempt employees shall receive Base Pay plus one-half

(1/2) of their regular rate for all FLSA overtime work. Overtime pay is

paid in addition to any other premium pay and/or differentials, regardless

of when the overtime was assigned to the employee. The increment of

payment shall be one (1) minute. All time worked, including hours and

minutes, shall be recorded on a daily basis.

Section 9. Overtime shall not normally be canceled without seven (7) days

notice.

Section 10. When an employee is called in before or held over past his/her

regularly assigned shift, he/she will be provided the opportunity to work

one (1) hour of overtime.

Section 11. If an employee is scheduled/called in to perform overtime

work on his/her regular day off, he/she will be provided the opportunity to

work eight (8) hours.

Section 12. The remedy for employees determined to have been bypassed

for overtime shall be straight time pay for twenty-five percent (25%) of the

108

number of overtime hours the employee would have worked had he/she

not been bypassed.

Section 13. The express terms of this Article apply separately and

distinctly to each of the following bargaining units: Air Traffic Controllers,

Traffic Management Coordinators/Specialists, FSS, and NOTAM

Specialists.

ARTICLE 39

NATIONAL PAY PROCEDURES

Section 1. The Agency shall designate a nationwide payday that should be

on the earliest day practicable following the close of the pay period. Such

payday shall not be later than the second Tuesday after the close of the pay

period.

Section 2. Earnings and Leave Statements will be available on Employee

Express no later than the second Tuesday after the close of the pay period.

Section 3. Any payment made by the Agency for salary or other type(s) of

payment(s) shall be made by Electronic Funds Transfer (EFT) except as

otherwise provided for in 31 CFR Part 208, Section 4. Any payment(s)

made by EFT shall be made to the financial institution of the employee's

choosing.

Any payment(s) made by the Agency shall be at no expense to the

employee.

Section 4. If an employee does not receive his/her salary via paper

check/EFT by close of business on the established payday, or the amount

is incorrect, the employee is responsible for notifying the Agency.

a.  In the event of an EFT error, the Agency payroll system will

process an EFT within twenty-four (24) hours of bank verification.

b.  In the event a paper issued check has been lost, destroyed,

mutilated, stolen, or when the payee claims non-receipt of his/her

U.S. Treasury check, the Agency will issue a recertified check as

early as the third (3rd) workday and not later than the fifth (5th)

workday after the employee notifies the Agency.

109

Section 5. The Agency shall issue W-2 forms and wage and tax statements

no later than January 31 of each year.

ARTICLE 40

SEVERANCE PAY

Section 1. An employee who has been employed for a continuous period

of at least twelve (12) months and who is involuntarily separated from

employment for reasons other than misconduct, delinquency, or

inefficiency and who is not eligible for an immediate annuity shall

receive severance pay.

Section 2. Severance pay consists of:

a.  a basic severance allowance computed on the basis of one (1)

week's Base Pay at the rate received immediately before

separation for each year of civilian service up to and including ten

(10) years for which severance pay has not been received under

this or any other authority; two (2) weeks' Base Pay at that rate

for each year of civilian service beyond ten (10) years for which

severance pay has not been received under this or any other

authority; and twenty-five percent (25%) of the otherwise

applicable amount for each full three (3) months of creditable

service beyond the final full year; and

b.

the basic severance pay allowance is augmented by an age

adjustment allowance consisting of two and one-half percent

(2.5%) of the basic severance pay allowance for each full three

(3) months of age over forty (40) years.

Total severance pay under this Section may not exceed one (1) year's pay

at the rate received immediately before separation.

If the employee dies before the end of the period covered by payments of

severance pay, the payments of severance pay with respect to the

employee shall be continued as if the employee were living and shall be

paid on a pay period basis to the survivor of the employee.

Section 3. Upon separation, the Agency shall pay the employee severance

pay at biweekly intervals in an amount equal to his/her base salary.

Employees who are eligible for severance payments will be offered the

110

opportunity to elect payment in one (1) or two (2) lump sum payments,

rather than on the biweekly basis.

Section 4. If an employee paid severance pay in a lump sum under this

Article is reemployed by the Government of the United States or the

Government of the District of Columbia, at such time that, had the

employee been paid severance pay in regular pay periods, the payments of

such pay would have been discontinued upon such reemployment, the

employee shall repay to the Agency an amount equal to the amount of

severance pay to which the employee was entitled under this Article that

would not have been paid to the employee by reason of such

reemployment.

ARTICLE 41

RETIREMENT AND BENEFITS ADMINISTRATION

Section 1. The Agency recognizes its obligation to fully inform employees

about all benefits for which they may be eligible and the costs and

consequences of benefit plans or options, encourage them to avail

themselves of such benefits, and assist them in initiating claims. The

Agency agrees to take affirmative action to fulfill this obligation through

such means as providing employees with a link to a publicly-accessible

website, supplying brochures, pamphlets, other appropriate information,

and assisting employees in filing benefit claims. The information and/or

assistance shall be made available to all bargaining unit employees.

Section 2. The Agency shall maintain a personnel action system that

requires priority processing of packages related to employee deaths. Such

personnel actions shall take priority over all other personnel actions.

Section 3. After an employee's death, and with the beneficiary's consent,

the Agency shall promptly dispatch a knowledgeable representative to the

home of the deceased employee's primary beneficiary. When a personal

briefing is not desired, the beneficiary shall be advised by other means,

such as telephone, personal intermediary, email, or website. All benefits to

which a deceased employee's beneficiary may be entitled shall be fully

explained. The representative shall assist in completing the appropriate

forms and filing the claim for unpaid compensation benefits. Those

benefits shall include, but not be limited to, lump sum leave payment, any

retirement insurance, Social Security benefits, and other services to which

the beneficiary may be entitled. This representative shall be the contact

point until all applicable benefits are settled.

111

Section 4. The Parties recognize the importance of providing employees

education on the retirement systems. The Agency shall maintain a

retirement planning program to be made available to employees. The

program shall include, but not be limited to, briefings, individual

counseling, assistance, information, and materials distribution.

It is optimal for employees to be afforded the opportunity to participate in

an in-person briefing. The options in Sections 5 and 6 are available to

employees within seven (7) years of retirement eligibility. Employees shall

be afforded duty time/excused absence to participate in one (1) Agency or

Union sponsored briefing. Employees are not prohibited from participating

in additional Agency programs in a non-duty status, subject to space

availability.

Section 5. Agency sponsored briefings:

a.  Agency sponsored in-person briefings within the commuting

area— Employees will be allowed to participate in a duty status, if

otherwise in a duty status. Employees normally shall attend

briefings within their commuting area. Employees are not entitled

to travel and per diem except, when no briefing is scheduled

within the commuting area, the Agency shall authorize, on a one-

time basis, either the use of a Government Owned Vehicle (GOV)

or a Privately Owned Vehicle (POV) to attend the nearest briefing

outside the commuting area.

b.  When no briefing is scheduled in the commuting area or at the

request of the employee, the employee may attend an Agency

sponsored interactive virtual briefing (e.g. Webex, webinar, GoTo

Meeting) in a duty status, if otherwise in a duty status.

Section 6. Union sponsored in-person briefings:

a.  Once annually, the Union shall provide the Agency at the national

level a schedule of briefing dates, times, locations, and a briefing

on the materials to be presented. Subject to staffing and workload,

the Agency shall grant eight (8) hours of excused absence to

bargaining unit employees to participate in these briefings. The

Agency will not pay travel, per diem, tuition, or other related costs

for the Union sponsored briefings.

112

b.  At the local level, requests for excused absence to attend these

briefings shall be submitted to the Agency by the Union no later

than forty-five (45) days prior to the date of the briefing. Such

requests shall be approved/disapproved no later than twenty-eight

(28) days prior to the date of the briefing. Employee names

submitted less than forty-five (45) days in advance shall be

approved/disapproved in the order they were received.

Section 7. The Agency shall provide a retirement planning program for

individuals participating in the Federal Employees Retirement System

(FERS). FERS and Civil Service Retirement System (CSRS) employees

shall receive information as part of orientation and follow-up individual

counseling. The program may include, but not be limited to, individual

counseling, assistance, information, and materials distribution via

hardcopy or a link to a publicly-accessible website. This planning program

shall be made available to all new employees within one (1) year of

entering on duty with the Agency. Employees who elect to change from

CSRS to FERS shall have this planning program made available to them

within one (1) year of their election. FERS employees who have not

received this program shall have it made available to them within two (2)

years of the signing of this Agreement. Employees participating in this

program shall be in a duty status. Employees are not entitled to travel and

per diem. FERS employees shall receive standard education on the Thrift

Savings Plan (TSP) during the TSP Open Seasons, and upon any major

change to the TSP.

Section 8. Brochures and pamphlets associated with benefits programs

shall be provided to the national and regional offices of the Union.

Section 9. The Agency shall ensure that the most recent version of

retirement and benefits information, including the following brochures

and forms, are available to employees for review:

a.  enrollment Information Guide and Plan Comparison Chart;

b.  brochures on both government-wide plans;

c.  any brochures they may request on plans sponsored by employee

organizations for which employees may qualify; and

d.  brochures of all comprehensive plans serving the area in which the

employee is located.

113

Section 10. If there is any change in retirement or benefits, or related laws

or regulations, the Agency at the national level shall within thirty (30)

days brief the Union at the national level.  Any changes which may

require negotiations shall be handled in accordance with Article 7 of this

Agreement.

Section 11. In the event it is determined that an employee is permanently

disqualified for his/her duties, the Agency shall inform the employee of

the rights, benefits, and options, including other types of positions for

which the employee may be qualified and the procedures for requesting

consideration for such positions.

Section 12. An employee who has been engaged in the separation of

aircraft as defined in P.L. 92-297 or in providing preflight, inflight, or

airport advisory service to aircraft operators as defined in P.L. 99-335,

shall be eligible for retirement in accordance with applicable law.

Section 13. The Parties recognize that applications for federal service

retirements are subject to the rules, processing procedures, and time limits

established by OPM. In order to minimize this processing time,

employees may submit their application for retirement to the appropriate

Regional Human Resource Management Division ninety (90) days prior

to the scheduled effective date of separation. The Agency agrees to

process all necessary paperwork in connection with a retirement

application as it is submitted and in a timely manner.

Section 14. In the event health fairs or similar activities are conducted at

any Agency facility, the Agency should request participating vendors to

be available so as to allow maximum employee participation on duty

time. Additionally, the Agency should advise other facilities in the local

area in order to allow for maximum employee participation. Employees

are not entitled to travel and per diem.

ARTICLE 42

BIDDING PROCEDURES

Section 1.  All vacancy announcements for bargaining unit positions shall

be open for a minimum of twenty-one (21) days before the closing date

and time of the announcements.

Vacancy announcements will be posted on the USAJOBS website as they

become available. Access to the website shall be afforded to all bargaining

114

unit employees (BUEs) through the computers provided for in Article 36

of this Agreement.

a.  TMC positions may be bid in-house and open for a minimum of

fourteen (14) days.

b.  Intra-facility details, for bargaining unit positions covered by this

Agreement, of one (1) year or less may be advertised in-house for

a minimum of fourteen (14) days.

Section 2. Candidates must apply online to receive consideration. All bids

must have a status of “Received” prior to the closing date and time

associated with the vacancy announcement.

Section 3. All qualification requirements shall be posted on the vacancy

announcement at the time the announcement is made.

Section 4. If the selection list is shortened to a best qualified list through a

comparative process, then the best qualified list shall be considered to be

the selection list. If the Agency decides to interview any qualified

employee on the selection list, then all on the list who are qualified must

be interviewed. If it is determined that interviews are required and

telephone interviews are not utilized, travel expenses incidental to these

interviews will be paid in accordance with the Agency's travel regulations

and this Agreement.

Section 5. Employees desiring consideration for placement to a specific

bargaining unit position at a specific facility may make voluntary

application for transfers to facilities of the same, lower, or higher Facility

Pay Level (FPL) by submitting the appropriate forms as outlined in

Agency directives to the Human Resource Management Division having

jurisdiction over the position(s). The type of position applied for and

specific location must be stated.

The employee shall not normally be eligible to receive any permanent

change of station (PCS) benefits unless the selection was made in

conjunction with a vacancy announcement where PCS benefits were

authorized. In that case, the individual requesting voluntary transfer shall

be entitled to the same benefits as advertised on the vacancy

announcement.

Employees shall submit the following forms to the appropriate Human

Resource Management Division:

115

a.  cover letter stating: "Filed in accordance with Employee

Requested Reassignment for ________ position at (name of

facility);"

b.  FAA Form 3330-42, Request for Consideration and

Acknowledgment;

c.  FAA Form 3330-43-1, Rating of Air Traffic Experience for AT

Movement;

d.  a resume; and

e.  most recent performance appraisal.

Upon receipt of the package, the receiving office will advise the employee

that they have received his/her request. The application shall remain on file

for fifteen (15) months from receipt, unless it has been updated in writing

by the employee.

Section 6. Employees shall be permitted to request reassignment outside

of the announced vacancy process without any waiting period or time

requirements.

Section 7. Applications submitted in accordance with Section 5 will be

treated equally to applications that are submitted under any subsequent

vacancy announcement for that specific position.

Section 8. Mutual reassignment transfer requests may be submitted to the

same, higher, or lower ATC FPL facility, for employees who have a

minimum of one (1) year as a certified controller at his/her facility, but no

more than three (3) ATC FPLs above the employee's current ATC FPL,

unless the employee had been previously certified at the higher ATC FPL.

Both employees must then notify their facility management, in writing, of

their desire to swap with the following information:

a.  name of the swapping employee;

b.  facility of the swapping employee;

c.

type and FPL of that facility;

116

d.  requested release dates of the swap; and

e.  employee's signature and date.

Approval will not be unreasonably denied nor will release dates be

unreasonably delayed. The Parties recognize that mutual transfers under

this Article are solely in the best interest of the employees and therefore

employees will not be entitled to receive any PCS funds.

Section 9. If, as a result of a grievance being filed under this Article, the

Agency agrees or an arbitrator decides that an employee was improperly

excluded from the best qualified list, he/she will receive priority

consideration, as defined in Article 100 of this Agreement, for the next

appropriate vacancy for which he/she is qualified. If the employee is

selected for the vacancy, the priority consideration will be considered to be

satisfied. An appropriate vacancy is one at the same FPL, which would

normally be filled by competitive procedures, or by other placement

action, including outside recruitment, in the same area of consideration,

and which has comparable opportunities as the position for which the

employee was improperly excluded.

Section 10. In the event two (2) or more employees receive priority

consideration for the same vacancy, they may be referred together.

However, priority consideration for separate actions will be referred

separately and in the order received based on the date the determination of

improper exclusion is made.

Section 11. Within twenty-one (21) days of a request, the following

information shall be made available to the employee:

a.  whether the employee was considered for the position and, if so,

whether he/she was found eligible on the basis of the minimum

qualification requirements for the position;

b.  whether the employee was one of those in the group from which

selection was made (i.e. one of the best qualified candidates

available and appeared on the list made available to the selecting

official);

c.  any record of formal or informal supervisory appraisal of past

performance used in considering the employee for the position;

d.  who was selected for the position;

117

e.

in what areas, if any, the employee should improve to increase

his/her chances for future selection.

Section 12. Release dates are subject to the staffing requirements of

his/her current facility as well as the needs of the target facility. Every

reasonable effort shall be made to provide a release date within six (6)

months of selection. If a six (6) month release date is not practicable, the

Agency shall propose a fixed date that the employee may accept or

decline.

ARTICLE 43

TEMPORARY PROMOTIONS/TRANSFERS

Section 1. When it is known that a supervisory or staff position will be

temporarily vacant for a period of fifteen (15) days or more and a

bargaining unit employee is assigned to fill the position for the period of

the vacancy, that employee shall be given an immediate temporary

promotion/transfer. The promotion/transfer will become effective as soon

as the administrative requirements can be met and the necessary

paperwork effected.

Section 2. When competitive procedures are not used, the position will be

placed on an intra-facility vacancy announcement soliciting volunteers.

The announcement shall contain the qualifications established by the

Agency, if any, and the length of the temporary promotion/transfer. The

employee selected for the position shall be given an immediate temporary

promotion/transfer as soon as the administrative requirements can be met

and the necessary paperwork effected.

Section 3. Union representatives shall not be required to fill any temporary

promotion as long as other qualified bargaining unit employees are

available.

Section 4. An employee selected to fill a temporary position, in

accordance with the provisions of Section 2 of this Article, shall not have

the assignment extended beyond one hundred eighty (180) days.

Section 5. All temporary promotions/transfers will be documented.

118

ARTICLE 44

TEMPORARY ASSIGNMENTS AWAY FROM THE FACILITY

Section 1. Prior to temporary assignment away from the facility,

volunteers shall be solicited. Unless a natural hazard/disaster (e.g. wildfire,

flood) dictates otherwise, solicitations shall be posted for at least thirty

(30) days in advance of the assignment and shall list the qualifications as

determined by the Agency. The most senior volunteer who meets the

qualifications shall be selected. In the absence of volunteers, the Agency

shall make assignments on an equitable basis. If personal circumstances do

not allow an employee to travel in accordance with this Article, the

Agency shall select another employee.

Section 2. Whenever possible, the Agency will provide at least thirty (30)

days advance notification for duty assignments away from the facility.

The Agency will adjust the schedule of the employee to avoid travel on

the employee's days off. If the notification is less than thirty (30) days, the

Agency, if able, will honor the employee's request to change days off to

avoid travel on their days off. If the Agency is not able to honor the

request to change days off, the employee will be compensated at the

appropriate overtime rate.

Section 3. Special Events: For Sun N Fun©, Oshkosh AirVenture©, and

the Masters Golf Tournament®, the procedures in Appendix I shall be

followed.

For other special events, the procedures in Appendix I shall only be

followed upon mutual agreement between the appropriate Union Regional

Vice President and Service Area Director.

ARTICLE 45

TEMPORARILY DISABLED EMPLOYEES/ASSIGNMENTS

Section 1. At his/her request, an employee who is temporarily medically

or physically unable to perform active air traffic control duties, shall be

assigned other facility duties, to the extent such duties are available. If

duties in the employee's facility are not available, the Agency may offer

assignment of work at other air traffic facilities within the commuting area

for which he/she is otherwise qualified based on needed work.

Section 2. Such employees shall continue to be considered for promotional

opportunities for which they are otherwise qualified.

119

Section 3. Employees assigned duties under the provisions of this Article

shall continue to be considered as bargaining unit employees and shall be

entitled to all provisions of this Agreement and those provided by law and

regulation.

Section 4. At his/her request, an employee who is temporarily prohibited

from performing control duties because of medications restricted by the

Agency may be assigned other duties in accordance with Section 1 of this

Article.

Section 5. Medically restricted or incapacitated employees may be

assigned part-time employment at their request, in accordance with this

Agreement, provided their medical condition does not inhibit their ability

to perform available duties.

Section 6. When work is not available under Section 1 or 4 of this Article,

sick leave shall be taken. At the employee's option, other accrued leave

may be substituted for sick leave. An employee may request leave without

pay, which shall not be denied solely on the basis of the employee having

compensatory time, annual leave, or credit hour balances.

Section 7. Employees who are medically disqualified to perform the full

range of their duties for the positions they are certified on shall be eligible

to perform the duties of delivering flight data strips. For facilities where

the primary duties of flight data positions involve other duties (e.g. strip

marking, routing changes, altitude changes, etc.) determinations as to

eligibility to perform these additional duties will be made in accordance

with FAA Order 7210.3.

ARTICLE 46

REALIGNMENT OF WORK FORCE

Section 1. The Agency shall notify the Union at the national level as soon

as possible, but not less than twelve (12) months, in advance of a facility

closure, or relocation and/or severance of existing facility functions and/or

services or inter-facility realignment requiring the reassignment of

employees.  The notification period may be reduced by mutual agreement

of the Parties at the national level.

Section 2. In the event of a facility closure, or relocation and/or severance

of existing facility functions and/or services, or inter-facility

120

reorganization, the procedures outlined in Article 47 of this Agreement

shall apply when a reduction-in-force is necessary.

Section 3. The Agency shall notify the Union representative as soon as

possible, but not less than six (6) months, prior to intra-facility

reorganizations (e.g. areas of specialization are realigned and/or

established) involving bargaining unit employees.

The Agency shall notify the Union representative as soon as possible, but

not less than three (3) months in advance, when a staffing imbalance exists

within a facility that requires retraining of individuals to solve the

imbalance.

These notification periods may be reduced by mutual agreement of the

Parties at the local level.

Section 4. In exercising the provisions of Section 3, the Agency shall

determine the number of employees to be selected. Solicitations for

volunteers shall be facility-wide unless otherwise mutually agreed to by

the Parties at the local level. If after this initial change has been completed

another imbalance was created that requires further action, the Agency

shall designate the area from which volunteers will be sought and the

number of employees to be selected from each area.

Section 5. In facilities where staffing imbalances exist, volunteers shall be

solicited from all qualified employees where no individual retraining is

necessary to complete the change. If after this initial change has been

completed another imbalance was created that requires further action, the

Agency shall designate the teams from which volunteers will be sought

and the number of employees to be selected from each team.

Section 6. In exercising and complying with Sections 4 or 5, each vacancy

shall be filled by the reassignment of the most senior qualified volunteer.

If there are no volunteers, selections shall be made using inverse seniority

from among the qualified employees within the designated area(s)/team(s)

which were identified in the solicitation. The transfer of employees shall

be accomplished within three (3) months of the close of the solicitation. If

the transfer is not accomplished within three (3) months of the close of the

solicitation, the selection list shall be considered void.

Section 7. A CPC who has volunteered for an intra-facility reassignment

shall receive an incentive bonus equal to one percent (1%) of the

employee's Base Pay and an additional one percent (1%) once he/she has

121

fully certified in the new area. When a CPC who is involved in an intra-

facility transfer in accordance with this Article is unsuccessful in achieving

certification in his/her new area, the employee shall be retained within

his/her existing facility. The first priority shall be a reassignment back to

the area that he/she was previously certified. Nothing in this Section

precludes the Agency from offering multiple areas based on organizational

needs. If more than one (1) position is offered, the employee shall be given

the opportunity to select the area to which he/she will be assigned.

Section 8. In the event that an administrative/directed reassignment

becomes necessary as a result of one of the actions stated in this Article,

the Agency shall expedite existing selections awaiting release to/from

affected facility(s) prior to making a decision as to the number of

employees to be affected as well as the locations involved. Should it be

determined that there are still employees subject to directed reassignments,

the Agency agrees to set qualifications and solicit volunteers. The Agency

will then assign the most senior volunteer(s). If there are insufficient

volunteers, inverse seniority shall apply from among qualified employees.

Employees adversely affected by the conditions set forth in this Article

shall be entitled to receive permanent change of station (PCS) expenses in

accordance with Article 58 of this Agreement.

Section 9. Nothing in this Article is intended as a waiver of any bargaining

obligation with respect to remaining substantive issues and/or the impact

and implementation arising from any change as a result of the

implementation of any provision of this Article.

Section 10. The express terms of this Article apply separately and

distinctly to each of the following bargaining units: Air Traffic

Controllers, Traffic Management Coordinators/Specialists, FSS, and

NOTAM Specialists.

ARTICLE 47

REDUCTION-IN-FORCE (RIF)

Section 1. The Agency agrees to avoid or minimize a RIF by taking such

actions as restricting recruitment and promotions, by meeting ceiling

limitations through normal attrition, and by reassignment of qualified

surplus employees to vacant positions.

122

Section 2. The Agency agrees to notify the Union when it is determined

that a RIF action will be necessary within the unit. The Union will be

notified as to the number of positions to be reduced and the vacant

positions that management has authorized for staffing. At this time, the

Agency and the Union will negotiate the procedures that management will

follow in the implementation of the RIF. This notification shall be made at

least ninety (90) days before implementation.

Section 3. In the event of a RIF, the affected employee and the Union

representative will be provided access to master retention registers

relative to his/her involvement, upon request.

Section 4. At the end of the RIF, the Union will be provided a list of all

vacancies filled during the RIF.

Section 5. The express terms of this Article apply separately and distinctly

to each of the following bargaining units: Air Traffic Controllers, Traffic

Management Coordinators/Specialists, FSS, and NOTAM Specialists.

ARTICLE 48

TECHNOLOGICAL CHANGES

Section 1. The Agency agrees to provide an overview briefing to the

Union at the national level concerning the Capital Investment Plan (CIP)

annually and a semi-annual briefing on the status of the Agency's

modernization effort. The Agency further agrees to separately brief the

Union on any particular project identified by the Union as a result of the

overview briefings described above.

Section 2. The Agency agrees to notify the Union at the national level, no

less than sixty (60) days prior to the field operational evaluation utilized to

support system development and the operational test and evaluation

(OT&E), unless a shorter notice period is required. The notification shall

contain proposed start and stop times, and shall outline the reasons and

intent of the test and/or evaluation.

Section 3. The Agency agrees to notify the Union at least sixty (60) days

prior to the In-Service Decision (ISD) of the proposed implementation of

technological changes affecting employees, unless operational necessity

requires a shorter notice period. Except for the initial notice period, as

specified above, the provisions of Article 7 of this Agreement govern

negotiations between the Parties on the impact of changes arising from

123

revisions to technology, procedural, and/or airspace changes, as well as the

effect of procedural and/or technological tests which impact employees.

Section 4. Employees adversely affected by changes in technology shall

be entitled to pay and level retention in accordance with the agreement of

the Parties. Such employees shall also be notified of any right with respect

to early retirement and given the fullest consideration for early

(discontinued service) retirement that law and regulation provide.

Section 5. Nothing in this Article shall be construed as a waiver of any

Union or Agency right.

ARTICLE 49

STUDIES OF EMPLOYEES AND THEIR WORKING

CONDITIONS

Section 1. Mass medical and/or psychological study participation by

bargaining unit employees shall be on a voluntary basis. All individual

medical and/or psychological information acquired by an outside study

group and their associates shall be kept strictly confidential. This

information shall not be disclosed to the Agency with identification of

participating individuals. Publication of data resulting from a controller-

related study shall not identify individuals and shall be limited to group

statistics. This Section does not apply to time and motion studies.

Employees shall not, as a condition of employment, be required to

participate in any studies.

Section 2. Before entering into a study, the Union and the employees shall

receive a document stipulating the conditions under which the study will

be conducted and a statement of intent and practice by which data will be

held in confidence. The Union shall receive a copy of the study

concurrently with its submission to the Agency.

Section 3. The Agency shall refrain from any efforts to relate data to any

individual participant in such a study.

Section 4. Participating controllers or their designated Union

representative shall be afforded an opportunity to review and comment, in

advance, on any publication based on or derived from such controller

studies.

124

Section 5. Any participation in studies shall not adversely affect any

compensation, benefits, or travel and per diem to which an employee is

otherwise entitled.

Section 6. All examinations shall be conducted on the employee's duty

time.

Section 7. The Union may designate a representative to serve as its liaison

between a study group and/or the Agency.

Section 8. The Agency shall not conduct any study that involves the time

and motion measurement of employees or their job performance without

notifying and affording an opportunity for participation by the Union.

ARTICLE 50

SURVEYS AND QUESTIONNAIRES

Section 1. The Agency recognizes that it is in its interest to have Union

support for surveys of bargaining unit employees. The Agency shall not

conduct surveys without providing the Union an opportunity to review and

comment on the questions and related issues. The Union will be provided

an advance copy of any survey prior to distribution.

Section 2. Surveys shall be conducted on the employee's duty time.

Section 3. The Union shall be provided with the

geographical/organizational distribution of surveys that are distributed on a

random sample basis.

Section 4. The Union shall be afforded an opportunity to review and

comment in advance on any publication based on or derived from survey

results.

Section 5. If feasible, the Union shall be provided a copy of survey results

at the same time they are distributed to the corresponding level of the

Agency.

Section 6. Participation in surveys shall be voluntary. To assure the

anonymity of survey comments, employees shall have reasonable access to

a typewriter/computer, if available.

125

Section 7. The Union representative shall participate in all debriefing and

action planning sessions involving employees including, but not limited to,

the Survey Feedback Action (SFA).

ARTICLE 51

FACILITY EVALUATIONS, AUDITS, AND ASSESSMENTS

Section 1. When an evaluation, audit, or assessment is conducted at an air

traffic facility, the Union at the local level may designate one (1) member

to serve on the evaluation team.  The designee shall function at the

direction of the evaluation team leader as a full member of the evaluation

team. The designee’s schedule shall be adjusted so he/she may participate

in a duty status.

Section 2. The Union designee will attend round table discussions and

debriefings to facility management whenever the full team is assembled

for the purpose of such discussions or briefings. Upon request, the

Principal Facility Representative will be allowed to attend the final

debriefing. Official time shall be granted if he/she is otherwise in a duty

status.

Section 3. A Union representative is entitled to attend formal discussions

conducted with bargaining unit employees during the evaluation which

meet the criteria of 5 USC 7114(a)(2)(A) as referenced in Article 6,

Section 4 of this Agreement.

Section 4. The Principal Facility Representative shall be provided an

electronic copy upon completion of any evaluation, audit, or assessment

conducted at his/her facility. Additionally, the Principal Facility

Representative and/or his/her designee shall be provided read-only access

to the Compliance Verification Tool (CVT).

Only bargaining unit employees acting in the capacity of a team member

may be identified on any report or data contained in the CVT database.

ARTICLE 52

PROFESSIONAL STANDARDS PROGRAM

Section 1. The Parties at the national level shall maintain a Professional

Standards Program (PSP). The purpose of the PSP is to provide an

opportunity for bargaining unit employees to address performance and/or

126

conduct of their peers before such issues rise to a level requiring corrective

action(s) on the part of the Agency.

Section 2. The Parties at the national level agree to maintain a joint

National workgroup. The workgroup will consist of three (3) bargaining

unit employees, selected by the Union at the national level, and three (3)

Agency representatives. National PSP workgroup members will be on duty

time, if otherwise in a duty status, and will be entitled to travel and per

diem in accordance with the FAATP and this Agreement.

Section 3. When determined by the National PSP workgroup, facilities

will combine with other surrounding facilities to create a District

Professional Standards Committee (PSC). There shall be a chairperson of

each District PSC, as appointed by the Union. The Facility PSC will be

comprised of bargaining unit employees only, as appointed by the

Principal Facility Representative or his/her designee. There shall be a

chairperson of the Facility PSC, as appointed by the Principal Facility

Representative. The Agency agrees that PSC meetings are to be conducted

on duty time, generally not to exceed two (2) hours per pay period.

Additional time may be granted, upon request, for committee members

unless staffing and workload do not permit. It is the responsibility of the

PSC chairperson to inform the manager of the need for the committee to

meet.

When the National PSP workgroup identifies the need for training for

designated PSC member(s), they will be afforded sufficient duty time,

unless staffing and workload do not permit, to receive the training, if

otherwise in a duty status, and will be entitled to travel and per diem in

accordance with the FAATP and this Agreement.

Section 4. The PSC may accept performance and/or conduct based issues

from other bargaining unit employees, management officials, or other

credible sources. The acceptance of an issue is at the sole discretion of the

PSC. Participation in this program is completely voluntary and all parties

involved must agree to participate. The committee may identify and

recommend other means for improving professionalism and safety.

Section 5. The National PSP workgroup will maintain records of how

many issues were brought forward, how many were accepted, and the

number that were resolved, in accordance with the Professional Standards

Policy Manual. An acknowledgement that the issue is resolved or

unresolved will be made available to the individual reporting the event.

127

Section 6. The Agency may elect to use the PSP as an alternative to

disciplinary action under Article 10 of this Agreement. Issues submitted to

the PSC shall not be addressed through other means or raised in the future

to support other disciplinary actions, if the PSC reports that the issue is

resolved.  The Agency agrees not to refer to the PSP in any discipline or

other administrative action.

Section 7. PSC members shall be provided access to relevant data

concerning a reported event. A PSC inquiry shall not be used by the

Agency as a triggering event to begin an outside investigation. The

Agency shall not pursue action against an employee after the PSC has

received an Agency submission and prior to adjudication, unless the issue

is the subject of an ongoing or current investigation, involves gross

negligence, is a criminal offense, or is brought to the attention of the

Agency by means other than the PSC inquiry.

Section 8. The National PSP workgroup shall meet to review the

effectiveness of the PSP annually. This review will include items

maintained by the National PSP workgroup in Section 5. Based upon this

review, the Parties agree to jointly modify the program to ensure the goals

of the PSP continue to be met. Lessons learned, generic in nature, will be

distributed, as deemed appropriate by the National PSP workgroup, to the

workforce. Employee names or identifying information shall not be used.

Section 9. This Article does not constitute a waiver of any right

guaranteed by law, rule, regulation, or contract on behalf of either Party.

ARTICLE 53

OCCUPATIONAL SAFETY AND HEALTH

Section 1. The Agency shall abide by 29 CFR 1910, 29 CFR 1926, 29

CFR 1960, FAA Order 3900.19, P.L. 91-596, Executive Order 12196

concerning occupational safety and health, regulations of the Assistant

Secretary of Labor for Occupational Safety and Health, and such other

regulations as may be promulgated by appropriate authority.

Section 2. The Agency shall make every reasonable effort to provide and

maintain safe and healthful working conditions. Factors to be considered

include, but are not limited to, proper heating, air conditioning, ventilation,

air quality, lighting, and water quality. The Agency shall follow national

consensus standards pursuant to 29 CFR 1910.2(g), Agency guidelines,

128

policies and current industry standards in order to achieve these

conditions.

Section 3. The Agency shall make every reasonable effort to provide and

maintain safe and healthful living conditions for government provided or

leased housing. Factors to be considered include, but are not limited to,

proper heating, air conditioning, ventilation, air quality, lighting, and water

quality. To the maximum extent practicable, the Agency will follow local

residential building codes in order to achieve these conditions. To ensure

compliance with this Section, the Agency agrees to conduct annual

inspections of all government provided and leased housing for bargaining

unit employees. The results of these inspections will be shared with the

Union at the local level.

Section 4. The Agency agrees to continue Occupational Safety, Health,

and Environmental Compliance Committees (OSHECCOMs), in

accordance with Executive Order 12196. The following procedures shall

apply to established OSHECCOMs:

a.  National OSHECCOM: The committee will meet as frequently as

required by the OSHECCOM Charter. The Union shall be entitled

to designate two (2) representatives, or more in accordance with

the OSHECCOM Charter.

b.  Regional OSHECCOM: The committees will meet as frequently

as required by the OSHECCOM Charter. The Union shall be

entitled to designate one (1) representative per region, plus one (1)

additional representative for the Alaskan Region, or more in

accordance with the OSHECCOM Charter.

c.  Local OSHECCOM: The committees will meet as frequently as

required by the OSHECCOM Charter. The Union shall be entitled

to designate one (1) representative, or more in accordance with the

OSHECCOM Charter. The committee shall review the progress in

occupational safety and health at the facility and determine which

areas should receive increased emphasis. Consistent with the

provisions of the Privacy Act, each member of the committee shall

have access to all on-the-job accident and illness reports and all

employee reports of unsafe or unhealthful working conditions filed

in the facility. The committee shall forward recommendations to

the facility manager for action on matters concerning occupational

safety, health, lighting, and air quality. The facility manager shall,

within a reasonable period of time, but not to exceed thirty (30)

129

days, advise the committee that the recommended action has been

taken or provide reasons, in writing, why the action has not been

taken. If the recommended actions are beyond the authority of the

Air Traffic Manager, he/she shall forward the committee

recommendations to the appropriate authority for action as soon as

practicable.

d.  Union representative(s) shall be on duty time, if otherwise in a

duty status, and entitled to travel and per diem when participating

in meetings and training required by the OSHECCOM. If

requested by the representative(s), the Agency shall make every

reasonable effort to change his/her days off to allow participation

in a duty status.

Section 5. Union-designated Occupational Safety and Health Committee

members shall receive training in accordance with Executive Order 12196,

29 CFR 1960.58 and 1960.59(b). Bargaining unit employees shall receive

safety and health training in accordance with 29 CFR 1960.59(a).

Section 6. The Agency shall supply and replenish first aid kits which shall

include, at a minimum: blood-borne pathogen clean up kits, remedies for

gastrointestinal relief, alcohol swabs, acetaminophen, aspirin, ibuprofen,

gauze pads, and band-aids. These kits shall be readily accessible to

bargaining unit employees at all hours of facility operation.

Section 7. Each facility shall annually review fire evacuation procedures

with all personnel. Training will be provided to personnel at each facility

in accordance with 29 CFR 1910, FAA Order 3900.19, and the fire

evacuation procedures at that facility. Facility fire evacuation plans shall

be conspicuously displayed and reviewed with every employee once a

year. Assistance from local fire departments may be utilized in developing

evacuation plans and conducting the training required under this Section.

Section 8. The Agency will continue to provide locally administered first

aid and Cardiopulmonary Resuscitation (CPR) training course(s) for

bargaining unit employees who volunteer for such training. All training

shall be conducted on duty time by any local agency which is accredited

by the Red Cross or other accredited authority.

Section 9. In the event of construction, building maintenance, repairs

and/or remodeling within a facility, the Agency shall ensure that proper

safeguards are maintained to prevent injury to bargaining unit employees.

130

Section 10. If the Agency initiates or permits the use or storage of

chemicals, pesticides, or herbicides at any facility, Safety Data Sheets

(SDS) for each chemical, pesticide, or herbicide shall be provided to the

Union prior to use/storage. Any pregnant/nursing employees or personnel

with medical conditions that could be aggravated by the use of the

chemicals, pesticides, or herbicides shall be reasonably accommodated in a

manner so as to prevent exposure. All chemicals, pesticides, and

herbicides shall be used in accordance with applicable law and the

manufacturer's guidelines and precautions.

Section 11. The Agency shall ensure that claims for personal injury are

processed in a timely manner in accordance with Article 75 of this

Agreement.

Section 12. The Agency shall test for evidence of drinking water

contamination (by radon or other contaminants exceeding EPA water

quality standards) at each air traffic facility, at least once every three (3)

years and more often if there is evidence of possible contamination. If such

testing validates the contamination, and if corrective action or abatement

cannot readily be taken, the Agency will provide bottled water and

associated equipment or other potable water meeting EPA/OSHA

standards for the use of all bargaining unit employees until the

contamination has been corrected/abated, as evidenced by a normal water

test taken at least ten (10) days following correction/abatement.

Section 13. Indoor air quality concerns (e.g. “sick building syndrome”)

identified by the local Occupational Safety and Health Committee, shall be

investigated using the advisory standards of the American Society for

Heating, Refrigerating and Air-Conditioning Engineers, EPA, OSHA, and

Agency guidelines. All test results shall be provided to the local Union as

soon as they are available.

ARTICLE 54

WELLNESS CENTERS AND PHYSICAL FITNESS PROGRAMS

Section 1. The Parties recognize that physical fitness programs and

Wellness Centers contribute to increased productivity, reduced health

insurance premiums, improved morale, reduced turnover, enhance the

greater ability of employees to cope with stressful situations, and increase

Agency recruitment potential.

131

Section 2. By mutual agreement, the Parties may form a Wellness

Committee at the local level. The committee should be formed so as to

fairly represent all facility employees. The Union, at its election, may

designate a representative to serve as a member of the committee.

ARTICLE 55

HUMAN PERFORMANCE

Section 1. To meet the Agency's stated goal of reducing and/or eliminating

safety events within the National Airspace System (NAS), the Parties

agree that events resulting from human factors can be mitigated. The

continuous operation of the NAS and the associated impact on the

employees who work within that system serve to reinforce the importance

of human factors considerations in the operation of the Agency's facilities.

In support of this effort, the Agency has established an ATO Human

Performance Program that considers, at a minimum, Fatigue Risk

Management, Human Factors, and Health and Wellness.

Section 2. The Civil Aerospace Medical Institute (CAMI) may collect any

and all data regarding human factors/causal factors associated with safety

events. The ATO Human Performance Program may initiate, contract, or

conduct studies of employees associated with human factors (e.g. fatigue,

workload).

Employee participation in accordance with this Section shall be voluntary

and no individual names will be recorded in the database. Interviews shall

be conducted in a secure, confidential, closed-door setting so that

employees feel comfortable. Any study conducted under this Article shall

be in accordance with the provisions of Article 49 of this Agreement.

Section 3. The Union may designate a national representative(s) to the

ATO Human Performance Program in accordance with the provisions of

Article 114 of this Agreement.

ARTICLE 56

EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY (EEO)

Section 1. The Parties jointly support an organizational environment that

values the diversity and differences that individuals bring to the

workplace.

132

Section 2. It is agreed between the Parties that there shall be no

discrimination against any employee on account of disability, age, sex,

race, religion, color, genetic information, national origin, sexual

orientation, or reprisal for participation in an EEO activity.

Section 3. It is agreed between the Parties that the Pregnancy

Discrimination Act of 1978 amended Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of

1964. The terms “because of sex” or “on the basis of sex” include, but are

not limited to, because of or on the basis of pregnancy, childbirth, or

related medical conditions; and women affected by pregnancy, childbirth,

or related medical conditions shall be treated the same for all employment-

related purposes.

Section 4. The Parties jointly support an organizational environment that

is free of sexual harassment and discrimination. Every effort will be made

to protect and safeguard the rights and opportunities of all individuals to

seek, obtain, and hold employment without subjugation to sexual

harassment or discrimination of any kind in the workplace.

Section 5. Facility Representatives and Regional Vice Presidents shall be

provided a current list of regional EEO counselors, and information on the

EEO complaint system and counselor duties. The Agency shall post the

names, addresses, and telephone numbers of all EEO counselors in a

location at each FAA facility in an area frequented by bargaining unit

employees.

Section 6. At the employee's request, an employee may be accompanied

by a Union representative during an EEO meeting.

Section 7. The Parties jointly support the tenets of the Notification and

Federal Employee Antidiscrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No

FEAR Act).

ARTICLE 57

EMPLOYEE ASSISTANCE PROGRAM (EAP)

Section 1. The Employee Assistance Program is designed to promote the

well-being of employees and their family members through counseling and

referral for assisting those employees whose personal problems may serve

as barriers to satisfactory job performance. The program provides

assistance to employees and their family/household members in areas

including, but not limited to: family problems (such as marital, parenting,

133

in-law, elder care, and death); stress management; problems with alcohol

and other drugs; health concerns such as serious medical conditions or

mental illness; and other areas that could adversely impact an employee's

job performance.

Section 2. Participation in the Employee Assistance Program shall be

voluntary.

Section 3. The Parties agree to continue the EAP committee at the national

level. The committee shall meet semi-annually at a time and place

determined by the Agency to discuss, exchange views, and make

recommendations on EAP matters as they concern bargaining unit

employees. The Union may designate three (3) members to the National

EAP committee. During periods of participation, the members of the

committee shall be on duty-time and receive travel and per diem expenses.

The national EAP contractor shall meet with the National EAP committee

at least once annually and more often as necessary.

Section 4. At least once annually, the EAP contractor shall provide

information on the EAP to each employee. This information may be in the

form of brochures and/or wallet-size cards. Additional EAP promotional

materials, including posters and brochures, may be made available at each

facility.

Section 5. In cases where an employee consults an EAP counselor for a

problem unrelated to substance abuse and disagrees with any resulting

diagnosis, the following shall apply:

a.

the employee may advise the Flight Surgeon within seventy-two

(72) hours of the employee's intent to seek a second diagnosis;

b.

the employee may consult a medical professional of the

employee's choosing to obtain a diagnosis;

the employee may submit the second diagnosis to the Flight

Surgeon within thirty (30) days of the notice provided under

subsection (a);

the Flight Surgeon will review any diagnosis submitted by the

employee under subsection (c) prior to deciding whether

rehabilitation is necessary.

c.

d.

134

Section 6. It is understood that individuals associated with the EAP

contractor do not make any evaluations regarding an employee's fitness for

duty. However, under certain circumstances the EAP manager may contact

the Flight Surgeon regarding the situation of the employee.

ARTICLE 58

MOVING EXPENSES

Section 1. Unless otherwise specified in this Agreement, reimbursement

for moving expenses shall be in accordance with the Federal Aviation

Administration Travel Policy (FAATP).

Section 2. Official station is the building or air traffic facility to which the

employee is permanently assigned. Employees transferring from one

official station to another for permanent duty are authorized

reimbursement of moving expenses and temporary quarters subsistence

only when the following conditions are met:

a.

the transfer is in the interest of the Government and is not

primarily for the convenience or benefit of the employee or at the

employee's request;

b.  official stations are separated by at least fifty (50) miles;

c.

the commuting distance between the old residence and the new

official station is fifty (50) miles greater than the distance to the

old official station; and

d.  the commuting distance from the new residence to the new official

station is less than the commuting distance from the old residence

to the new official station.

Section 3. Employees who do not meet the requirements in Section 2 are

authorized reimbursement of moving expenses for involuntary moves

resulting from facility relocation, closure, co-location, consolidation, de-

consolidation/de-combining of facilities or other facility realignments, or

directed reassignment, when the following conditions are met:

a.  official stations are separated by at least ten (10) miles; and

b.

the Agency has determined that the relocation was incident to the

change of official station. The relocation is not considered to be

135

incident to a change of official station if the change is merely for

the employee’s personal preference or convenience.

Employees who are authorized for reimbursement under this Section are

not eligible for reimbursement of house-hunting trips, temporary quarters,

or storage of household goods.

Section 4. House-hunting trips, not to exceed ten (10) calendar days, and

reimbursement for associated expenses shall be authorized when the

following conditions exist:

a.

the employee is authorized relocation benefits for a permanent

change of station (PCS) in accordance with the FAATP and this

Agreement;

b.  both the old and new official stations are located within a non-

foreign area;

c.

d.

the employee is not assigned to government or other pre-arranged

housing at the new official station; and

the old and new official stations are seventy-five (75) or more

miles apart (as measured by map distance) via a usually traveled

surface route.

Section 5. Employees will be reimbursed for temporary quarters

subsistence expenses (TQSE) subsistence costs while occupying

temporary quarters for a period of up to sixty (60) days. Approval must be

given in advance and the employee must be on an official Travel

Authorization. Such reimbursement applies to moves within the United

States, its territories and possessions, and the Commonwealth of Puerto

Rico.

a.  Any time expended in a house-hunting trip is included in the

initial sixty (60) day period.

b.  Temporary quarters authorizations may be extended in accordance

with the FAATP.

c.  For employees authorized the fixed rate method of reimbursement,

subsistence costs will be reimbursed for no more than thirty (30)

days. This time period is not reduced if the Agency authorizes a

house-hunting trip.

136

Section 6. Use of a Relocation Services Company may be authorized when

the new official station is at least fifty (50) miles from the old residence (as

measured by map distance) via a usually traveled surface route.

Section 7. Any cap on property value that may apply to reimbursement of

authorized sale or purchase of real estate shall be in accordance with the

FAATP.

Section 8. Employees may choose to receive reimbursement for a property

management services fee on an employee's residence in lieu of

reimbursement for real estate expenses associated with the sale of a

residence at the old duty station in accordance with the FAATP.

Employees who elect to use the property management services, and are not

reimbursed for real estate expenses associated with the purchase of a

residence at the new duty station in accordance with the FAATP, shall

receive an incentive payment equal to five thousand five hundred forty-

five dollars ($5,545.00), less applicable taxes.

Section 9. When reimbursement of travel expenses is authorized,

employees shall receive a miscellaneous expense allowance equal to one

(1) week's basic salary including locality pay and, where applicable, cost

of living allowance (COLA) of the new official station, at the  rate of

grade FG-13, Step 1 level. No receipts will be required to substantiate

expenses incurred under this Section.

Section 10. Reimbursement for the cost of shipping a Privately Owned

Vehicle (POV) within the CONUS shall be authorized when the distance

between the old and the new duty stations exceeds fifteen hundred (1,500)

miles and it is determined to be advantageous and cost effective to pay the

cost of shipping the employee’s POV compared to the costs associated

with driving the POV to the new duty station. Reimbursement shall be

based on the most advantageous method of transportation to the

Government. Employees are responsible for any cost exceeding the most

advantageous method of transportation. Vehicles that may be transported

under this policy include passenger automobiles, station wagons, and

certain small trucks or other similar vehicles that are primarily for personal

transportation. Shipment is not authorized for trailers, recreational

vehicles, airplanes, or any vehicle intended for commercial use. The

employee is authorized the use of a rental car while waiting for the arrival

of his/her POV, for which shipment was authorized, and shall be entitled

to reimbursement for a period up to two (2) weeks. The Agency shall

137

extend this timeframe if there is a delay in the delivery of the employee's

POV through no fault of the employee.

Section 11. The Agency shall pay the shipping cost of replacement

vehicles to the post of duty outside the continental United States if the

requirements of the FAATP are met.

Section 12. All reimbursable PCS travel, including that of the immediate

family, and transportation, including that for the shipment of household

goods, shall begin within eighteen (18) months of the effective date of the

employee's transfer. The eighteen (18) month time limitation shall be

extended for an additional period of time not to exceed six (6) months by

the authorizing official where there is a demonstrated need due to

circumstances which have occurred during the initial eighteen (18) months

and have been determined to be beyond the employee's control. Employees

must submit a written request for waiver to the authorizing official as soon

as the need for an extension is determined but before the expiration of the

eighteen (18) month time limitation. The maximum time for beginning

travel and transportation shall not exceed twenty-four (24) months from

the effective date of the transfer under any circumstances.

Section 13. The Agency shall make available to an employee who is

changing stations access to all pertinent directives in connection with

moving expenses, and shall assist the employee in obtaining answers to

any questions the employee may have regarding his/her change of station

and assist in completing all required forms.

Section 14. When alternatives are available under law and regulation for

transporting household goods, vehicles, dependents, etc., the Agency shall

explain the alternatives to the employee and allow the employee to choose

the permissible alternatives that most meet his/her personal needs.

Section 15. Employees shall be authorized a reasonable amount of duty

time for travel to a new duty station.

Section 16. Any relocation allowance offered will be specified on vacancy

announcements. The Agency may offer a full PCS (which may or may not

include relocation services) or a fixed relocation payment in the amount of

up to twenty-seven thousand dollars ($27,000.00) in accordance with the

FAATP. In the case of an involuntary move, the employee may elect a full

PCS or a fixed relocation payment in the amount of twenty-seven thousand

dollars ($27,000.00).

138

Section 17. When an employee is authorized reimbursement via the fixed

relocation payment, the Agency shall offer the employee the option of

using the Agency's household goods transportation program. If the

employee elects such option, the Agency will withhold the estimated

transportation costs (as determined by the vendor) plus a reasonable

amount (not to exceed ten percent [10%]) to cover any overages. Upon

completion of the transportation of household goods, the employee shall

receive any amounts in excess of the actual cost of transportation that were

temporarily withheld from the employee's payment.

Section 18. An employee who is authorized reimbursement via the fixed

relocation payment shall not be required by the Agency to itemize

individual expenses or repay any amount that is in excess of actual

expenses.

Section 19. An employee who is authorized reimbursement via the fixed

relocation payment described in Section 16 shall receive his/her full

payment no later than thirty (30) days prior to the date of transfer.

Section 20. Transferred employees who receive a paid PCS relocation

move shall not be entitled to another paid PCS move until twelve (12)

months after their new duty station report date. However, this Section shall

not apply in cases of involuntary moves as defined in Section 3 of this

Article.

ARTICLE 59

RETURN RIGHTS

Section 1. To the extent that the Agency has a need for and maintains an

administrative return rights program, the program shall be administered in

accordance with applicable directives and the terms of this Agreement. If

any changes to the program are proposed, the Agency will provide the

Union ninety (90) days notice and the opportunity to negotiate the changes

with the Union. Employees on overseas tours are entitled for the remainder

of their current tour to the protection of the regulations under which they

accepted the overseas assignment.

Section 2. To maintain administrative return rights, the employee shall

execute the employment agreement in Appendix J for each tour of duty. If

an employee serves only one (1) tour, his/her tour should total thirty-six

(36) months. Any subsequent tours should be twenty-four (24) months.

The length of a tour of duty may be reduced if it is deemed to be in the

139

best interest of the Agency; consideration will be given to the needs of the

overseas organization, the needs of the parent organization, and personal

desires/circumstances of the employee. Employees shall be advised of the

length of the initial tour when applications are solicited.

Section 3. The Agency shall provide the rights and benefits provided by

applicable laws to all eligible employees on employment agreements under

this Article.  An employee’s pay shall be set in accordance with Article

108 of this Agreement when returning from a tour of duty.

Section 4. Unless staffing and workload do not permit, an employee who

enters into a new employment agreement shall be granted up to twelve

(12) months following expiration of his/her preceding employment

agreement to exercise his/her home leave and/or rights and benefits. Home

leave will not be applied toward the time an employee is required to serve

on his/her tour of duty.

Section 5. Employees, who accept assignment outside the continental

United States, and after completing a tour of duty, are allowed expenses

for travel and transportation from post of duty to place of actual residence

at time of appointment for transfer and return overseas, for the purpose of

taking leave between tours of duty overseas. The employee must enter into

a new written agreement before departure from his/her post of duty that

he/she will serve for another period of service at the same or another post

of duty outside the continental United States.

This provision is also applicable to employees serving tours of duty in

Alaska and Hawaii, but only under the following conditions. Employees

who transferred to Alaska or Hawaii on or before September 8, 1982, will

continue to be eligible to receive allowances for travel and transportation

expenses for tour renewal travel to the maximum extent permissible under

government-wide regulations. However, those who have transferred or are

transferring to Alaska or Hawaii after September 8, 1982, are restricted.

(Leave under this provision is not the same as "home leave" for which

employees in Alaska and Hawaii are not entitled to in any event.)

Section 6. Employees exercising return rights shall be given a list of all

existing bargaining unit vacancies that are to be filled and for which he/she

is qualified. He/she must make a selection from the list supplied. This shall

be the position to which he/she is returned.

140

Section 7. Waiver of employment agreements shall not be required for an

early return of ninety (90) days or less, when an employee has been

selected for another position.

Section 8. Unless staffing and workload do not permit, tour extensions not

to exceed an aggregate period of nine (9) months may be granted by the

overseas organization to an employee after coordination with the parent

organization.

Section 9. An employee completing a tour of duty outside the continental

United States shall notify the Agency not prior to one hundred eighty (180)

calendar days nor less than one hundred fifty (150) calendar days before

that tour expires that he/she shall or shall not return.

Section 10. The Agency shall advise the employee of his/her specific

assignment in the continental United States at least ninety (90) calendar

days in advance of the expiration date of his/her current tour.

Section 11. The Agency shall contact the employee prior to determining

the release date. Careful consideration will be given to the employee's

personal needs in determining a release date under this program.

ARTICLE 60

FACILITY OF PREFERENCE

Section 1. Any employee who has completed a minimum of eight (8)

years fully certified at his/her current facility shall be considered to have

achieved priority bid status for inter-facility ingrade/downgrade bargaining

unit vacancies/positions. The employee shall not normally be eligible to

receive any permanent change of station (PCS) benefits unless the

selection was made in conjunction with a vacancy announcement where

PCS benefits were authorized. In that case, the individual requesting

voluntary transfer shall be entitled to the same benefits as advertised on the

vacancy announcement.

Section 2. Eligible employees shall be given priority consideration within

the same bargaining unit for any ingrade/downgrade bargaining unit

vacancy at any of those facilities for which he/she is qualified. Release

dates are subject to the staffing requirements of his/her current facility, as

well as the needs of the target facility. To the maximum extent possible,

the Agency shall provide a release date within six (6) months of selection.

141

If a six (6) month release date is not practicable, the Agency shall propose

a fixed date that the employee may accept or decline.

Section 3. Applications shall be filed in accordance with Article 42,

Section 5 of this Agreement and shall include a cover letter stating: "Filed

in accordance with Article 60, NATCA/FAA Agreement for a position at

(specify facility identifier)." In addition, the employee shall forward a

copy of the application to each facility to which the applicant desires

consideration under this Article.

Section 4. Employee requests under this Article shall remain active for

twenty-four (24) months. If no selection has been made within that period,

the employee may reapply.

Section 5. Upon request, if a priority placement/consideration status

candidate is not placed in the vacancy, the Agency shall prepare a written

narrative statement listing all reasons for non-placement. The Agency shall

submit such written narrative to the employee’s Service Area

Director/AFSIAG Manager with a copy to the employee and the Union at

the employee's current facility within seven (7) days of a non-placement

determination.

Section 6. Nothing in this Article shall be interpreted as affecting

management's right to fill vacancies from any appropriate source.

Section 7. The express terms of this Article apply separately and distinctly

to each of the following bargaining units: Air Traffic Controllers, Traffic

Management Coordinators/Specialists, FSS, and NOTAM Specialists.

ARTICLE 61

REASSIGNMENT OF TRAINING FAILURES

Section 1. The provisions of this Article shall apply to employees who are

unsuccessful in the air traffic control training program.

Section 2. Developmental terminal and en route employees who are

unsuccessful in training as a result of withdrawing from training during

their initial facility assignment, and have completed their probationary

period, may be given an opportunity at a lower level facility if a vacancy

exists. These employees will be provided a list of up to five (5) facilities

of which the employee may select for reassignment.

142

All other developmental terminal and en route employees who are

unsuccessful in training and have completed their probationary period

may be given an opportunity at a lower level facility if a vacancy exists.

These employees will be provided a list of facilities of which the

employee may select for reassignment.

Developmental FSS employees who are unsuccessful in training and have

completed their probationary period may be given an opportunity at

another facility if a vacancy exists. These employees will be provided a

list of facilities of which the employee may select for reassignment.

En route developmentals fitting the criteria above will attend the

Academy for terminal training.

Section 3. If an employee, who was previously facility certified, transfers

and fails to achieve full certification in his/her new facility, he/she will be

provided a list of facilities for which he/she qualifies and where a vacancy

exists. The employee will select one for reassignment. This list may

include the employee's previous facility if a vacancy exists.

An employee failing to reach facility certification at two (2) consecutive

facilities, whether due to failing training or withdrawing prior to

certification, may be eligible for retention. After achieving facility

certification and entering a new assignment requiring training, the

employee commences training with a “clean slate.”

Section 4. Employee reassignments made in accordance with the

provisions of this Article shall not be eligible to receive any permanent

change of station (PCS) benefits.

Section 5. Retention decisions and placement determinations with regard

to Air Traffic Control Specialists who have been deemed as unsuccessful

in facility training shall be done in accordance with HRPM EMP 1.14a

(ATCS Employment Policy). In addition, HRPM EMP 1.14a governs

National Employee Services Team (NEST) activities. The NEST will be

maintained to make retention recommendations and facility type and level

determinations for bargaining unit employees who are unsuccessful in

facility training. The Union’s designee(s) to the NEST shall be granted

official time to participate in NEST activities, including travel.

143

ARTICLE 62

AVIATION SAFETY REPORTING SYSTEM

Section 1. The Agency, with Union input, has established a policy for a

reported safety event that limits the circumstances under which discipline

is imposed. Disciplinary action shall not be imposed when the employee's

action was inadvertent; did not involve gross negligence or a criminal

offense; the employee files a NASA report on the event within the time

limits prescribed in applicable regulations; and does not otherwise cover

up the event.

ARTICLE 63

NATIONAL TRANSPORTATION SAFETY BOARD (NTSB)

UNION REPRESENTATIVES

Section 1. The Parties recognize that the right of Union representatives to

participate in NTSB investigations is at the complete discretion of the

NTSB. Should the NTSB allow Union representatives to participate, the

following procedures shall apply to no more than fifteen (15)

representatives designated by the Union.

Section 2. The Union Regional Vice President or his/her designee shall be

placed on the respective service area email notification list for notification

of an accident or incident in the service area involving fatalities or injuries

in which air traffic control services were being provided.

Section 3. Unless staffing and workload do not permit, excused absence

shall be granted to permit the Union representative to participate in an

NTSB accident/incident investigation. The representative is not entitled to

overtime, holiday, or other premium pay while representing the Union in

an NTSB investigation. Travel and per diem is not authorized.

Section 4. In accordance with Section 3, the Union representatives shall

be relieved as soon as operationally possible from their normal duties to

immediately proceed to the scene of an accident or incident of appropriate

significance.

Section 5. Unless staffing and workload do not permit, on a one-time

basis, the Union’s NTSB Representatives shall be authorized thirty-two

(32) hours of excused absence to attend formal training. Representatives

may be authorized additional excused absence to attend formal training by

mutual agreement of the Parties at the national level. Unless staffing and

144

workload do not permit, employees designated as representatives under

this Article who desire to attend additional accident/incident investigation

and other safety related courses/seminars shall be granted leave or LWOP

to attend such courses/seminars up to a maximum of three (3) weeks per

employee per calendar year.

Section 6. Unless staffing and workload do not permit, the Agency shall

grant annual leave or LWOP for a Union representative from the involved

facility or facilities to attend NTSB hearings.

Section 7. If authorized by the NTSB, nothing in this Article shall

preclude the Union from sending more than one (1) representative to an

accident/incident investigation. Official time and travel and per diem are

not authorized under this Article.

ARTICLE 64

SAFETY EVENTS REPORTING AND REVIEW

Section 1. The Parties shall apply the following provisions to instances in

which a safety event occurs or is believed to have occurred, to safety

problems/initiatives, and to govern the administration of the ATO Quality

Assurance Program, ATO Quality Control, Air Traffic Organization

Occurrence Reporting (ATOOR), and Voluntary Safety Reporting

Programs (VSRP).

Section 2. For the purposes of the ATSAP MOU, dated March 27, 2008,

an operational “error” and/or “deviation” shall be defined as:

a.  A Loss of required separation;

b.  An aircraft lands or departs on a runway closed to aircraft

operations after receiving air traffic authorization;

c.  An aircraft lands or departs on a runway closed to aircraft

operations, at an uncontrolled airport and it was determined that a

NOTAM regarding the runway closure was not issued to the pilot

as required;

d.  Less than the applicable separation minima existed between an

aircraft and adjacent airspace without prior approval;

145

e.  An aircraft penetrated airspace that was delegated to another

position of operation or another facility without prior coordination

and approval;

f.  An aircraft penetrated airspace that was delegated to another

position of operation or another facility at an altitude or route

contrary to the altitude or route requested and approved in direct

coordination or as specified in a letter of agreement (LOA) pre-

coordination, or internal procedure;

g.  An aircraft is either positioned and/or routed contrary to that

which was coordinated individually or; as specified in a

LOA/directive between positions of operation in either the same or

a different facility; and/or

h.  An aircraft, vehicle, equipment, or personnel encroached upon a

landing area that was delegated to another position of operation

without prior coordination and approval.

Upon request, an employee who experiences any of these events shall be

removed from an operational position as soon as operationally possible.

When the Agency becomes aware of any loss of standard separation of less

than sixty-six percent (66%), a runway incursion, and an employee

requests to be relieved from an operational position or the Agency has

elected to relieve an employee from an operational position due to an

occurrence, the Principal Facility Representative or his/her designee shall

be notified.

Employee(s) last providing ATC services to an aircraft involved in a fatal

accident shall be relieved from operational position as soon as

operationally feasible and must remain relieved from operational duties

until the performance review portion of a Covered Event Review (CER),

as defined in JO 7210.634, and associated training, if assigned, is

completed.

Section 3. The Principal Facility Representative, or his/her designee, will

be afforded the opportunity to be present for any interview of an employee

conducted by the Agency as the result of a Mandatory Occurrence Report

(MOR) or Electronic Occurrence Report (EOR). By mutual consent of the

Agency, employee(s), and the Union, interviews may be accomplished by

telephone. The employee and his/her Union representative shall be

permitted to review all available information prior to the interview.

146

Employees shall be on duty time and the Union representative shall be

granted official time to participate in these proceedings.

The Agency shall provide the Principal Facility Representative, or his/her

designee, with the names of all employees to be interviewed.  The Agency

shall collaborate with the Principal Facility Representative, or his/her

designee, to establish an interview schedule.  No changes to an employee’s

schedule may occur without the consent of the employee.

Section 4. Signed employee statements will only be required in the event

of a pilot deviation.

Section 5. In the event that an employee is not permitted to return to

operational duty following a reported occurrence, the Air Traffic Manager,

upon request of the employee, shall provide a written explanation of the

reason for such action within twenty-four (24) hours following the

occurrence.

Section 6. If the Agency conducts a performance discussion related to an

EOR and/or MOR, or determines that a review is warranted through the

QA Risk Analysis Process (RAP) or a QC Service Review, the following

provisions apply:

a.

Involved employee(s) shall be notified as soon as possible that a

review was conducted. This notification shall not occur while

employees are working a control position.

b.  The Agency shall offer and afford sufficient duty time to complete

an ATSAP report. The time to file an ATSAP report should occur

as soon as operationally possible, but need not occur during the

same duty day. Normal ATSAP timelines apply to these

submissions; timeliness will be based on the actual allocation of

duty time. Employees that have already filed an ATSAP report but

request to add additional information to their report shall be

provided time under this Section.

c.  Employees shall be permitted to review the performance

documentation and recorded data concerning the occurrence prior

to submitting an ATSAP report.

Section 7. QC Service Reviews shall be conducted outside of the operating

quarters. The Principal Facility Representative, or his/her designee, shall

be afforded the opportunity to participate in these proceedings.  QC

147

Service Reviews will be conducted in a collaborative manner and any

findings of the reviews will, when practicable, be jointly developed.

Section 8. The Union, at the appropriate level, shall have the opportunity

to provide a response to a request for information regarding a safety event

or safety problem.  The Agency will work with the Union in a pre-

decisional, collaborative manner in developing a response to a Corrective

Action Request (CAR). If the Parties cannot achieve a consensus on a

resolution, they are free to pursue traditional processes for resolution.

Section 9. The principles and processes contained within Article 51 of this

Agreement shall be utilized for a Compliance Verification (CV), Quality

Control Check (QCC) or Quality Control Validation (QCV), regardless of

the level at which the activity is conducted.

Section 10. Information derived from a CV, QCC, QCV, or QA Risk

Analysis Panel (RAP) will only be used to identify systemic or

organizational safety issues.  This information may not be attributed to or

identify an individual employee.

Section 11. Upon request, the Union, at the appropriate level, shall be

given an entire copy of any report generated during a Quality Assurance or

Quality Control initiative.

Section 12. The administration of VSRP, ATO Quality Assurance

Program (QAP), ATO Occurrence Reporting (ATOOR), and ATO Quality

Control (QC) shall be conducted in accordance with the provisions

contained within JO 7200.20, JO 7210.632, JO 7210.633, and JO

7210.634.

Section 13. Upon request, and subject to staffing and workload, employees

shall be afforded sufficient duty time to complete an ATSAP report.

Section 14. New employees shall be trained on the provisions of JO

7200.20 and the ATSAP MOU within thirty (30) days of assignment to a

facility, or as otherwise agreed to by the Parties at the local level.  Training

requirements and curriculum shall be jointly developed by the Parties at

the national level.

Section 15. Loss of standard separation alert data will be available at the

local facility level; however, the data shall not be accessed in the operating

quarters and, if possible, access to the data shall be restricted from those

locations. Audio and/or visual loss of standard separation detection system

148

terminals shall not be placed inside facility operating quarters. This

requirement does not apply to collision warning systems (e.g. conflict

alert, AMASS alarms).

Section 16. The collection and analysis of safety data shall ensure the

confidentiality of bargaining unit employees. Except as required by law,

the Agency shall ensure that all data collected is sanitized of all personally

identifiable information prior to release outside the Agency.

Section 17. Union representatives shall be provided an access level for QC

and safety data (e.g. EOR/MOR information, QC Service Reviews) in

CEDAR equal to that of their Agency counterpart(s).

Section 18. Controllers-in-Charge, Traffic Management

Specialists/Coordinators-in-Charge, and NOTAM Specialists-in-Charge

shall not be required to make any electronic entries into CEDAR until they

have received training.

Section 19. The Union at the national level shall be provided RAP

determinations at the same interval as the Agency.

ARTICLE 65

CONTROLLER/EMPLOYEE PERFORMANCE

Section 1. The Parties recognize that the employees are accountable for

ensuring that their performance conforms with established standards.

However, in the event of a difference in professional opinion between the

employee and the Agency, the employee shall comply with the instructions

of the Agency and the Agency shall assume responsibility for its own

decisions.

Section 2. If a controller/employee is relieved from his/her position of

operation by the Agency because of alleged unacceptable performance of

duty, the controller/employee, if he/she requests, shall be given a written

explanation of the reason for such action by the Agency within twenty-

four (24) hours. The written explanation is not to be construed as

constituting a notice of proposed adverse action.

149

ARTICLE 66

MEDICAL QUALIFICATIONS

Section 1. The Agency agrees that waivers (special considerations) to the

medical certificate shall be granted on purely medical determinations, and

shall indicate the employee is medically qualified to perform air traffic

control duties. Any limitations provided for by the waiver shall be

communicated to the employee in writing. If no such limitations are

imposed, this information will also be communicated to the employee in

writing.

Section 2. Medical clearance examinations shall be conducted by an

Agency medical officer or a certified Aviation Medical Examiner (AME).

If there is not a medical officer located in the vicinity, then the Agency

shall provide the employee with a list of AMEs within a reasonable

traveling distance.

Section 3. National medical standards and associated tests shall be

established in accordance with OPM regulations and shall be applied

uniformly nationwide.

Section 4. Color vision tests (e.g. Air Traffic Controller Color Vision

[ATCOV]) and associated medical clearance determinations shall be

conducted in accordance with FAA Order 3930.3. If, as a result of color

vision test(s), an employee is issued a special consideration medical

clearance that precludes assignment to an ATCS position within his/her

current facility, the Parties shall meet to collaboratively explore all

reasonable avenues of placement. The Parties shall give priority to offering

ATCS positions within the commuting area of his/her current position and

at the same Facility Pay Level. However, these priorities shall not preclude

the Parties from considering other available ATCS positions.

This does not prohibit the employee from pursuing rights granted by law,

rule, regulation, or this Agreement.

Section 5. All medical examinations required by the Agency, including

those associated with the ATCOV, shall be scheduled on duty time.

Employees shall be reimbursed for mileage and parking fees.

Section 6. Whenever an employee spends more than eight (8) hours in an

official duty status on a day during which he/she submits to a medical

examination, evaluation, or review, the employee is entitled to overtime

150

benefits for all time spent beyond the eight (8) hours. The increment of

payment shall be one (1) minute.

Section 7. The Flight Surgeon will decide if the employee does or does not

meet the standards.

a.

If the Flight Surgeon believes that further medical evaluation or

reports by selected physicians or other medical specialists are

necessary to determine if the employee meets the standards, such

evaluations or reports will be authorized and, if there is any cost

involved, paid by the Agency.

b.  If an employee does not meet the retention standards, the

employee may submit further medical evaluations or reports to the

Flight Surgeon in order to obtain initial or special consideration.

All transportation and expenses will be borne by the employee.

c.

If an employee does not meet the standard, either temporarily or

permanently, the medical examiner will outline for the employee,

in writing, which of the medical standards have not been met.

Upon the employee's request, the Flight Surgeon shall normally

suggest, in writing, what further medical evaluations or reports

may be submitted by the employee to obtain initial or continuing

special consideration.

d.  In cases where the Flight Surgeon authorizes additional

evaluations, employees may submit names of physicians or

medical specialists to be considered to conduct the evaluation

under this Section. Reimbursement shall not be made unless the

services are authorized by the Regional Flight Surgeon.

e.  The Regional Flight Surgeon shall consider all available medical

information before issuing a permanent disqualification.

Section 8. All correspondence between the Flight Surgeon's Office and the

employee is confidential. While facility management may be used as a

conduit for the passage of written information, it shall be transmitted back

and forth in sealed envelopes to be opened by the employee or Flight

Surgeon only, as appropriate.

Section 9. In the event an employee is permanently medically disqualified,

or has been temporarily incapacitated for a period of ninety (90) days or

longer, he/she shall have the opportunity to appeal such decision to the

151

Federal Air Surgeon, FAA Headquarters, Washington, DC. Pending the

outcome of the decision by the Federal Air Surgeon, the Agency shall

make every reasonable effort to accommodate the employee in accordance

with Article 45 of this Agreement. For the purposes of this provision, the

employee shall continue to be considered a member of the bargaining unit.

In the event of a negative determination and the employee is permanently

medically disqualified, the employee shall have the option to apply for a

disability retirement, request to be reassigned to a position for which

he/she is qualified, or be accommodated in accordance with the

Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended, and this Agreement.

Section 10. Employees must assume the expense of any self-initiated

examinations to support review actions. The Flight Surgeon normally will

not determine that an employee meets or does not meet medical retention

standards solely on the basis of the information provided by the

employee's own physician.

Section 11. Employees shall not perform air traffic control duties beyond

the last day of the month in which their medical certificate expires unless

the clearance is extended by special consideration of the Regional Flight

Surgeon. It is the employee's responsibility to report for medical exams

scheduled by the Agency. If the employee's medical certificate expires due

to the Agency's failure to schedule the employee's required medical

examination in a timely manner, the employee shall be assigned other

duties not requiring a medical certificate until such time as a medical

certificate is issued.

Section 12. Class II medical certificates are not required for the

performance of air traffic control duties. Class II or III medical certificates

may be issued to bargaining unit employees who need a Class II or III

certificate as an airman but not an ATCS.

Section 13. The provisions of this Article shall be applied uniformly

nationwide and to those bargaining unit employees who are required to

maintain medical certificates.

Section 14. Employees may not perform air traffic control duties during

any period of known physical deficiency, concurred with by the Regional

Flight Surgeon, which would make them unable to meet their current

medical certificate. If such conditions occur, the provisions of Article 25

of this Agreement are authorized.

152

Section 15. At least once annually, the Agency shall provide medication

guidelines, including restricted medications, to the Union at the national

level. These guidelines are not a comprehensive or all-inclusive list of all

medications that restrict employees from performing safety-related duties.

Further guidelines on restricted medications may be found in FAA Order

7210.3.

Section 16. At least once annually, the Parties shall meet to discuss

policies on medications and medical conditions that may result in

temporary or permanent medical disqualification of employees. In order

to make these meetings as productive as possible, the Parties’

representatives should include qualified medical representatives.

Section 17. The Agency has determined that no later than October 31,

2016, it will establish a policy to evaluate employees who are being

treated with certain selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI)

medication(s) for a special consideration medical clearance. Prior to

implementation of this policy, the Agency will meet any bargaining

obligation in accordance with Article 7 of this Agreement.

Section 18. As medical qualifications, restrictions, and associated

procedures may be modified and no such potential modifications have

been discussed nor could have been contemplated, the Union reserves the

right to mid-term negotiations. Any such negotiations shall be in

accordance with Article 7 of this Agreement.

ARTICLE 67

TRAINING

Section 1. The Parties agree that the Agency determines individual

training methods and needs. Employees will be given the opportunity to

receive training in a fair and equitable manner.

Section 2. If an employee's developmental training is interrupted for thirty

(30) days or more, the employee shall be granted sufficient training time to

attain the level of proficiency he/she had at the time of the interruption,

prior to the resumption of the remaining allotted training hours. The

employee's evaluations and/or training reports shall be used by the Agency

to determine when the employee's former level of proficiency has been re-

attained.

153

Section 3. Familiarization trips on duty time by employees to visit other

ATC facilities shall be permitted. Familiarization trips under this Article

are subject to operational needs and staffing limitations. The purpose of

these trips shall be to familiarize personnel with the operation of other

facilities. The use of government vehicles may be authorized for this

purpose.

Section 4. Pending the availability of funds, the Agency may establish

outside career development training programs to support employees

pursuing academic degrees that support specific organizational and

mission-related requirements.

All programs are subject to the provisions of HRPM LD-5.11, Continuous

Learning - Formal Education, and HRPM LD-5.5, Learning and

Development - Administration.

Section 5. Remedial training shall only be administered to correct

documented deficiencies in an employee's performance. When an

employee is to be given remedial training, he/she shall be notified in

writing of the specific areas to be covered and the reasons therefore. The

training shall be confined to those specific areas. Only these specific

subject areas shall be entered into the training record. Any remedial

training shall be in accordance with FAA Order 3120.4.

Section 6. Employees may voluntarily enroll in Agency-directed study

courses designed to improve their work performance, expand their

capabilities, and increase their utility to the Agency. Through the FAA

Academy, employees may participate in a multi-disciplined approach to

distance learning. The Agency may allow personnel to devote duty time to

the study of these courses.

Section 7. In the event the Agency issues a waiver to any of its training

directives, the waiver shall be issued in writing and a copy shall be

forwarded to the Union at the corresponding level.

Section 8. When a training review board is convened, the Union shall have

the opportunity to designate a participant to serve as a member of the

board. The purpose of the training review process is to ensure that all

reasonable opportunities for training success were utilized while

maintaining the integrity of the training program in accordance with FAA

Order 3120.4. The review board shall be scheduled at a time and date that

is agreeable to all board members. If the Air Traffic Manager does not

accept the recommendations of the training review board, he/she shall

154

provide written justification to the board. Probationary employees will be

included in this process.

If the employee meets with the training review board, and the employee

reasonably believes disciplinary/adverse action may result from such

meeting, the employee may be accompanied to the meeting by a Union

representative in accordance with Article 6 of this Agreement.

ARTICLE 68

ON-THE-JOB-TRAINING

Section 1. Premium pay shall be paid at the rate of ten percent (10%) of

the applicable hourly rate of Base Pay times the number of hours and

portions of an hour during which the employee is providing on-the-job-

training (OJT) while the employee receiving training is directly involved

in the separation and control of live traffic or training on a position in the

TMU/ATCSCC/USNOF.

For FSS employees, premium pay shall be paid at the rate of ten percent

(10%) of the applicable hourly rate of Base Pay times the number of hours

and portions of an hour during which the employee is providing on-the-

job-training at an operational position.

Section 2. The Agency shall make a reasonable effort to provide time to

conduct pre-briefings when requested by an On-the-Job-Training

Instructor (OJTI).  Employees shall be provided time to conduct

debriefings as soon as possible following each training session.

Section 3. The Agency agrees to supply a current list and updates of all

OJTIs to the Facility Representative.

Section 4. When other qualified employees are available, Union

representatives shall not be required to perform OJT duties.

Section 5. A Union representative shall be a member of the panel

designated by the Agency to recommend OJTI candidates.  The panel shall

forward its recommendations to the Air Traffic Manager or his/her

designee for selection. The Agency retains the right to select OJTIs.

Section 6. Employees who are not selected to be an OJTI, upon request,

shall be advised in writing of the reasons for non-selection. When

155

applicable, specific areas the employee needs to improve to be considered

for an OJTI position shall be identified.

ARTICLE 69

DRESS CODE

Section 1. Members of the bargaining unit shall groom and attire

themselves in a neat, clean manner that will not erode public confidence in

the professionalism of the bargaining unit workforce.

Section 2. The display and wearing of Union insignias such as pins, pocket

penholders, or tie tacks shall be permitted. Apparel shall not be considered

inappropriate because it displays the Union logo or insignia.

Section 3. Denim trousers shall be permitted as long as their condition

meets the standards of Section 1 of this Article. Neckties shall not be

mandatory in any facility.

ARTICLE 70

PARKING

Section 1. Parking accommodations at Agency-occupied buildings and

facilities shall be governed by applicable laws and regulations. This space

shall be equitably administered among employees in the bargaining unit.

There shall be adequate parking spaces at each facility where there are

employees with bona fide physical disabilities.

Section 2. At parking facilities under control of the Agency, the Agency

shall establish procedures that shall allow employees to enter and exit

freely without requiring them to wait unreasonably.

Section 3. At those Agency owned or leased parking areas in locations of

known sustained low temperatures, zero (0) degrees Fahrenheit or below,

the Agency agrees to provide and maintain an adequate number of outdoor

electrical outlets for the use of bargaining unit employees. Where outdoor

electrical outlets are provided, the Agency shall ensure that the outlets are

activated at temperatures of twenty (20) degrees Fahrenheit or below. This

provision shall also apply to any future acquired parking areas.

Section 4. When the temperature at a location is less than ten (10) degrees

Fahrenheit, the Agency may allow an early vehicle start.

156

Section 5. When two (2) or more facility parking spaces are reserved for

air traffic, other than those reserved for government cars, visitors, and

disabled individuals, a space shall be made available to the Facility

Representative.

Section 6. When parking is under the Agency's control, every reasonable

effort shall be made to provide safe and appropriately lighted, adequate

parking at no cost to the employee. The Agency agrees to exercise

reasonable care in maintaining the security of the area and vehicles, to the

extent of its authority. When parking is not under the control of the

Agency, every reasonable effort will be made to obtain parking as close to

the facility as possible.

ARTICLE 71

EMPLOYEE SERVICES

Section 1. The Union shall have the right to have a member on the

cafeteria committee where such a committee exists or is established.

Section 2. The Agency will provide a microwave oven and a refrigerator

at each facility. At facilities with more than one hundred (100) employees,

the Agency will provide an additional microwave oven and refrigerator. A

coffee maker will be provided at all facilities except when specifically

prohibited by food service contractual requirements.

Section 3. The Agency shall maintain clean and adequately stocked

restrooms at all of its facilities.

Section 4. At facilities with kitchens, the Agency shall maintain an

adequate stock of cleaning supplies.

Section 5. At facilities where proceeds from vending and recreational

machines do not go exclusively to the contractor, the Union shall have the

right to designate a representative on the employee committee overseeing

the distribution of those proceeds.

157

ARTICLE 72

CALENDAR DAYS

Section 1. Unless specified to the contrary, whenever the term "days" is

used in this Agreement, it shall mean calendar days.

ARTICLE 73

SUBSTANCE TESTING

Section 1. All substance testing (drug and alcohol) conducted by the

Agency shall be done in accordance with applicable laws, DOT Order

3910.1, the DOT Drug and Alcohol Testing Guide, and this Agreement.

Section 2. The Principal Facility Representative, or his/her designee, shall

be notified of the arrival at the facility of the collector/Breath Alcohol

Technician (BAT) for the purposes of conducting substance testing of

bargaining unit employees.  The Agency shall advise the Principal Facility

Representative, or his/her designee, of both the maximum number of

employees to be tested and the time parameter of the testing period.

Absent an emergency or other special circumstance, the Principal Facility

Representative, or his/her designee, shall be released on official time for

the purpose of performing representational duties. The Principal Facility

Representative, or his/her designee, will be notified when substance testing

has been completed. Upon request, the Agency will inform the

representative of the number of people tested at the facility. When the

annotated test list is requested prior to the conclusion of testing, it shall be

provided to the Union on site immediately upon the completion of testing.

When the annotated test list is requested after the completion of testing,

the Agency will provide a copy to the Union as soon as the information

becomes available, but normally no later than ten (10) days after the

request was made.

Section 3. An employee who wishes to have a Union representative

present during the testing process shall be permitted to do so, provided a

representative is readily available, and the collection/test is not delayed.

The employee shall notify the supervisor of his/her wish to obtain

representation as soon as the employee learns that he/she is to be tested.

The representative will be permitted to observe the actions of the

collector/BAT, but will not interrupt or interfere with the collection

process in any manner.  The employee will be allowed to confer for a

reasonable period of time not to exceed ten (10) minutes prior to and ten

158

(10) minutes immediately after the sample collection process has been

completed.

Section 4. The Union at the national level shall be given a copy of the

Agency’s quarterly substance abuse statistical report and a copy of the

results of the testing of quality control specimens provided to the testing

laboratory by the Department of Transportation.  In addition, one (1)

Union representative shall be permitted to accompany officials of the

Agency on an inspection of the testing laboratory once a year, if the

Agency conducts such an inspection.

Section 5. Employees will be given notice privately where and when to

appear for substance testing.

Section 6. The Agency recognizes its obligations under the Privacy Act

with respect to information about bargaining unit employees and their

connection to substance testing, including non-disclosure by

collectors/contractors.

Section 7. The Agency shall ensure that employees are selected for

substance testing by nondiscriminatory and impartial methods so that no

employee is harassed by being treated differently from other employees in

similar circumstances.  If for any reason a substance test is declared

invalid, the test will be treated as if it had never been conducted.

Employees shall not be selected for testing for reasons unrelated to the

purposes of the program.

Section 8. All equipment used for alcohol testing shall meet the

requirements and standards as specified in DOT Order 3910.1 and the

DOT Drug and Alcohol Testing Guide.  Upon written request, the Union

shall be given a copy of the results of calibration checks for equipment

used for alcohol testing. The request must include the specific site

locations(s) (with acronym(s) spelled out) and the specific date(s) that

testing occurred. If any testing equipment is found to be out of

tolerance/calibration as specified in DOT Order 3910.1, every test result of

0.02 or above obtained on the device since the last valid external

calibration check shall be invalid.

Section 9. The Agency shall ensure that the HHS Mandatory Guidelines

regarding proper storage, handling, and refrigeration of urine samples prior

to testing are followed.

159

Section 10. Testing will be conducted in a secure, sanitary area, and the

privacy and dignity of the employee will be respected.

Section 11. Employees will be notified of drug test results within a

reasonable period of time, normally five (5) working days of receipt of the

results by the Drug Program Coordinator (DPC).  Failure to comply with

this timeframe will not invalidate the results.  Alcohol test results shall be

made available to the employee at the time of testing.  Notification of test

results shall be handled in a confidential manner.  Such results shall only

be disclosed as provided for in DOT Order 3910.1 and this Agreement.

Section 12. In the event of a negative dilute, employees shall be provided

with the laboratory results prior to being subjected to re-collection. Re-

collection due to a negative dilute shall be done in accordance with DOT

Order 3910.1.

Section 13. Only employees who are in a duty status shall be subject to

substance testing.

Section 14. Post accident/incident testing shall only be conducted on

employees whose work performance at or about the time of the covered

event, as described in DOT Order 3910.1 and the DOT Drug and Alcohol

Testing Guide, provides reason to believe that such performance may have

contributed to the accident or incident, or cannot be completely discounted

as a contributing factor to the accident or incident.  If an employee is held

past his/her shift end time, he/she will be paid overtime in accordance with

this Agreement.

In extenuating circumstances (for example, child care arrangements), an

employee identified for post-accident testing may request approval to

leave the facility if the collector/BAT has not arrived at the facility or will

not be arriving shortly.  The employee will be required to sign a statement

that he/she will not consume alcohol for up to eight (8) hours of the time

of the covered event and that he/she must return to the facility for testing

when called back.

Section 15. When reasonable suspicion exists that an employee has

violated the substance prohibitions contained in DOT Order 3910.1 and

the DOT Drug and Alcohol Testing Guide, the Agency may require that

employee submit to substance testing.  Reasonable suspicion must be

based on specific, objective facts and reasonable inferences drawn from

these facts in the light of experience.  Reasonable suspicion does not

require certainty, but mere “hunches” are not sufficient to meet this

160

standard.  At the time an employee is ordered to submit to substance

testing based on a reasonable suspicion, he/she will be given a written

statement setting out the basis for establishing reasonable suspicion.  In the

event that a reasonable suspicion test produces a negative result, any

references to reasonable suspicion including, but not limited to, the written

statements, shall be expunged from all formal and informal files.  This

does not preclude the maintenance of those records required by DOT

regulations.

Section 16. In accordance with DOT Order 3910.1 and the DOT Drug and

Alcohol Testing Guide, each urine specimen shall be split into two (2)

specimen bottles using the split specimen procedure.  If the Medical

Review Officer (MRO) verifies the primary specimen bottle (bottle A) is

positive, substituted, and/or adulterated, the donor may request through the

MRO that the split specimen bottle (bottle B) be tested in another HHS-

certified laboratory, under contract with DOT, for the presence of drugs

for which a positive result was obtained in the test of bottle A.  Only the

donor can make such request.  Such request shall be honored if made

within seventy-two (72) hours of the donor having received notice that

his/her primary specimen tested positive and was verified.

Section 17. If an employee fails to provide an appropriate amount of urine

in accordance with DOT Order 3910.1, the employee will be given a

reasonable period of time to provide a specimen.  The employee will be

allowed an appropriate amount of time in accordance with DOT Order

3910.1.  The inability of an employee to provide an amount of breath

sufficient for alcohol testing purposes shall be handled in accordance with

DOT Order 3910.1.

Section 18. Every reasonable effort shall be made to accommodate

employee requests for annual or sick leave immediately upon completion

of a drug test in order to allow the employee to secure back-up testing in a

timely manner.  Individuals who are granted such leave may be required,

upon request, to provide proof that back-up testing was accomplished.

Employees are not required to provide the results of such tests.

Section 19. In the event of a confirmed positive alcohol test of .02 or

higher, the Agency shall, upon written request, provide to the employee

and the Union the maintenance and calibration history of the equipment

used and the BAT’s last certification.

161

Section 20. Employees who have not been identified for drug/alcohol

testing may be granted leave.  After an employee has been tested, he/she

may be granted leave.

Employees who are requesting leave and have been identified for testing

shall be tested in the following order:

a.  Employees experiencing an emergency situation, whose leave has

been denied as a result of being identified for testing, shall be

tested as soon as possible once the employee notifies the Agency

of the emergency situation so their leave can be granted as soon as

they provide a specimen. When an employee must leave without

first providing a specimen, documentation must be provided to

substantiate the emergency as soon as feasible after returning to

duty.

b.  Employees on duty who have pre-approved leave shall be tested in

time to accommodate their leave request.

c.  When requests for other leave would be approved if not for testing

being conducted, the supervisor shall coordinate with the Site

Coordinator (SC) so that the employee can be tested in the order

that will allow him/her to take leave, provided it will not cause any

other employees identified for testing to stay beyond the end of

his/her scheduled work day in order to be tested.

Section 21. There shall be no local or regional supplements to this Article.

Section 22. Nothing in this Article shall be construed as a waiver of any

employee, Union, or Agency right.

ARTICLE 74

CRITICAL INCIDENT STRESS MANAGEMENT (CISM)

Section 1. The Agency has established a Critical Incident Stress

Management (CISM) Program which is designed to proactively manage

the common disruptive physical, mental, and emotional factors that an

employee may experience after a critical incident (e.g. accidents/incidents,

such as an aviation disaster with loss of life, the death of a coworker, acts

of terrorism, bomb threats, exposure to toxic materials, prolonged rescue

or recovery operations, and natural disasters such as earthquakes and

162

hurricanes). Upon request, an employee involved in or witnessing a critical

incident shall be relieved from operational duties as soon as feasible.

Section 2. The Agency's CISM Program is an educational process

designed to minimize the impact of a critical incident on employees. It is

not intended to evaluate employees in terms of gathering factual

information about employee performance or to be a mechanism for

psychological assessment.

Section 3. The CISM Program will include fifteen (15) Peer Debriefers

appointed by the Union for the purpose of responding to critical incidents

and providing peer support. From within this team, the Union, at the

national level, will designate up to four (4) national CISM coordinators to

work with jurisdictional Employee Assistance Program (EAP) Managers

to arrange for critical incident response.

Section 4. Annual CISM training will be provided to the Union designees

referenced in Section 3 of this Article on duty time, if otherwise in a duty

status, and shall entitle the participants to travel and per diem allowances.

The Agency agrees to adjust the schedule(s) of participants to allow them

to participate in a duty status.

Section 5. Whenever the Agency determines to send out a CISM team, the

Union designee shall be relieved, as soon as staffing and workload

permits, from his/her duties to immediately proceed to the scene. Factors

used to determine which peer will be sent to the scene include, but are not

limited to: proximity to event, specific circumstances of event, peer

experience, and schedule availability. The Agency shall adjust the Union

designee's schedule to allow for travel and participation in CISM team

activities on duty time. Travel and per diem expenses shall be authorized

for the CISM team member. The Agency will coordinate with the affected

facility to ensure the peer is released to travel to the scene.

Section 6. The Principal Facility Representative, or his/her designee, will

be notified a reasonable time in advance whenever employees will be

required to attend mandatory educational briefings as part of the CISM

process and will be provided the opportunity to attend.

Section 7. When a determination is made to conduct an educational

briefing following a critical incident, all affected employees will be

notified and will be required to attend. Upon completion of the mandatory

educational briefing, employees will be notified that a licensed counselor

from the Agency's EAP contractor and a Peer Debriefer will be available

163

for bargaining unit employees who request to participate in a Critical

Incident Stress Debriefing (CISD). An employee's participation in a CISD

after the mandatory educational briefing is voluntary. The use of the EAP

services will be provided in accordance with the provisions of Article 57

of this Agreement and applicable Agency directives. If requested,

bargaining unit employees shall only receive peer support from other

bargaining unit employees.

Section 8. Within one (1) year of the signing of this Agreement, the

Parties shall develop and provide instructional material to all bargaining

unit employees about the Agency's CISM program. Participants shall be on

duty time, if otherwise in a duty status, and entitled to travel and per diem

for the development of this material.

Section 9. The CISM Program shall be administered in accordance with

applicable Agency directives and this Agreement.

ARTICLE 75

INJURY COMPENSATION

Section 1. The Agency agrees to comply with the provisions of the Federal

Employees Compensation Act (FECA) and other pertinent regulations

promulgated by the Office of Workers’ Compensation Programs (OWCP)

when an employee suffers an occupational disease or traumatic injury in

the performance of his/her assigned duties.

Section 2. Once annually, the Agency shall brief all employees on existing

requirements and proper procedures for reporting such injuries on Agency

forms, such as FAA Form 8500-8.

Section 3. The Union at the national level will designate one (1) OWCP

Claims Representative who, absent an emergency or other special

circumstance, will be granted twenty-four (24) hours of official time each

year to attend an OWCP class sponsored by the Department of Labor

(DOL). Participation in OWCP classes is for the purpose of maintaining a

current working knowledge of OWCP regulations and requirements. The

Union's OWCP Claims Representative shall be afforded a bank of one

hundred four (104) hours of official time per year, not to exceed eight (8)

hours per pay period, to perform OWCP representational functions. Absent

an emergency or other special circumstance, the grant of this time shall be

approved upon request.

164

Section 4. The Agency shall maintain an inventory of FECA claim forms

at all air traffic facilities. Current OWCP regulations, directives, and

guides, if available, shall be made accessible to employees. The Agency

shall assist employees in completing all forms necessary to ensure proper

and prompt adjudication of their claim.

Section 5. If the employee incurs medical expense(s) or loses time from

work beyond the date of injury, including time lost obtaining examination

and/or treatment from the employing Agency medical facility, the Agency

shall submit Form CA-1 to the OWCP District Office as soon as possible,

but no later than ten (10) working days from the date of the receipt of the

CA-1 from the employee. In the case of occupational disease, the

completed Form CA-2 shall be submitted to the OWCP District Office

within ten (10) working days from the date of receipt from the employee.

CA-1 and CA-2 forms shall not be held for receipt of supporting

documentation.

Section 6. If, through no fault of the employee, the Agency has failed to

submit the CA-1 form in a timely manner which has resulted in lost leave

and/or wages for the employee, the Agency shall restore the lost leave

and/or wages if the following conditions are met:

a.  The Agency has failed to submit the completed CA-1 form to the

OWCP District Office within ten (10) working days as defined by

20 CFR 10.110; and

b.  The employee has lost leave and/or wages as a result of the

Agency's delay.

This Section does not apply to an employee whose OWCP claim has been

denied by the Department of Labor.

Section 7. The employee is entitled to select the physician or medical

facility of his/her choice to provide treatment following an on-the-job

injury or occupational disease. The Agency may make its own facilities

available for examination and treatment of injured employees; however,

use of its facilities shall not be mandated to the exclusion of the

employee's choice. The Agency may examine the employee at its own

facility in accordance with 20 CFR 10.324, but the employee's choice of

physician for treatment shall be honored and treatment by the employee's

physician shall not be delayed. The employee will not be required to

submit to an examination by the Agency until after treatment by the

employee's choice of physician or medical facility.

165

Section 8. Injured employees are entitled to civil service retention rights in

accordance with 5 USC 8151.

Section 9. The Agency may only controvert claims for Continuation of

Pay (COP) in accordance with 20 CFR 10.220. When requested, copies of

the completed Form CA-1 showing controversion and all accompanying

detailed information the Agency submits in support of the controversion

shall be provided to the employee.

Section 10. Upon request of the employee, the Agency agrees to hold in

abeyance any administrative action for employees who have filed a request

for reconsideration, hearing, or appeal to the Employees’ Compensation

Appeals Board (ECAB) or have otherwise initiated a challenge to a denied

claim decision by DOL in regard to his/her OWCP claim until an initial

determination has been made by the ECAB. The requesting employee will

have thirty (30) days from the date of each negative decision by DOL to

submit evidence of a request for reconsideration, hearing, or appeal to the

ECAB, to the Agency at the appropriate level, for the administrative action

to be held in abeyance.

ARTICLE 76

NEW FACILITIES/CURRENT FACILITY EXPANSION/

CONSOLIDATION/COLLOCATION

Section 1. The Agency shall notify the Union at the national level prior to

the development of a project implementation plan(s) to build a new

facility, combine several ATC functions at a new location, relocate, and/or

sever existing facility functions and/or services.

Upon such notification, the Parties agree to establish a workgroup(s) at the

national level for matters covered by this Section in accordance with

Article 114 of this Agreement.

Section 2. The Agency shall notify the Union at the appropriate level prior

to the development of a project implementation plan(s) to expand,

remodel, or renovate an existing facility that affects any portion of the

facility used by bargaining unit employees.

Section 3. At a mutually agreed upon time after the signing of this

Agreement, the Agency will brief the Union at the national level of any

166

projects currently planned and/or under construction, or being

implemented.

Section 4. At new or existing locations where existing facility functions

and/or services will be relocated and/or severed, each individual facility

will, at the discretion of the Union, remain separate and distinct or be

combined for Union recognition and representation purposes.

ARTICLE 77

ASBESTOS

Section 1. At intervals not greater than every twelve (12) months, the

Agency shall conduct an inspection of Asbestos Containing Materials

(ACM), or Presumed Asbestos Containing Materials (PACM), whether

exposed or contained internally in the construction of the facility. Air

sampling may be necessary if the ACM has deteriorated to the point that it

may present an airborne asbestos hazard.  Upon request, the Principal

Facility Representative, or his/her designee, shall be allowed to observe

any inspection and testing.  The Principal Facility Representative, or

his/her designee, shall receive a written copy of the test results. All testing

shall be conducted by a qualified Occupational Safety and Health (OSH)

professional experienced in asbestos/air quality monitoring. The Union, at

its own expense, may designate an Industrial Hygienist to observe all air

monitoring activities conducted by the Agency's qualified OSH

professional.

Section 2. In the event that a facility is planning a construction project that

may cause the release of airborne asbestos fibers in areas frequented by

bargaining unit employees, the Principal Facility Representative, or his/her

designee, shall be given a pre- and post-briefing on the construction

project and be permitted to participate in all abatement project meetings

that may impact bargaining unit employees. Additionally, the Principal

Facility Representative will be permitted to attend any management

briefings at the facility concerning air sampling and monitoring

information.  The Parties at the local level will collaborate on the

development of a project-specific contingency plan for construction

projects, when necessary.

If, during the construction project, there is a release of airborne asbestos

fibers, the Principal Facility Representative, or his/her designee, shall be

immediately notified, will receive periodic progress reviews as

appropriate, and will be provided copies of all documents concerning the

167

release. Upon request, the Principal Facility Representative shall be given

an explanation of these reports. In addition, the Union may appoint a

representative on each shift to receive copies of all air monitoring reports

as soon as they can be made available. Upon request, the Union’s

Industrial Hygienist shall be permitted to attend meetings under this

Section.

Section 3. The objectives of air monitoring by the Agency in connection

with construction projects which may cause the release of airborne

asbestos fibers are as follows:

a.

to establish baseline fiber levels in affected occupied space;

b.

c.

to determine if fiber levels above established baseline levels are

present in these occupied spaces; and

to determine if correlations exist between routine activities and

any increase above baseline.

Baseline fiber levels at each facility shall be established by the Agency in

consultation with the Union’s Certified Industrial Hygienist.

Section 4. The Agency will make every effort to ensure a safe working

environment. However, in any release of airborne asbestos fibers or if

Agency-conducted air monitoring indicates fiber levels can reasonably be

expected to meet or exceed the OSHA permissible exposure limits,

employees in affected occupied spaces will be evacuated from those

spaces as soon as operational conditions permit.

Section 5. Any evidence of visible release or airborne asbestos

contamination, in excess of FAA/OSHA safety limits, shall result in

immediate control steps by the Agency to abate the hazard caused by the

asbestos. The Agency shall retain an asbestos abatement contractor as soon

as possible.

Section 6. The Agency and all abatement contractors hired must comply

with all applicable OSHA, EPA, FAA, local, and state regulations

regarding asbestos. Contractors directly involved in the abatement process

must be certified by their local and state governments.

Section 7. If protection measures will not provide adequate protection of

occupants, the Agency will relocate bargaining unit employees outside of

the affected work area while asbestos removal or renovation work is being

168

done. This includes any work where asbestos may be disturbed due to

construction activity.

Section 8. In the event that relocation is not required/possible, the

abatement contractor will seal off the abatement area, when required, with

a negative pressure enclosure. When negative pressure enclosures are

used, the contractor will ensure and maintain negative pressure at all times.

Section 9. Decontamination facilities will be provided for all abatement

workers and strict decontamination procedures will be enforced to ensure

that workers cannot bring asbestos outside of the enclosure.

Section 10. At least once annually and before any major renovation or

removal project in their workplace, bargaining unit employees who work

in facilities known to contain asbestos will receive asbestos awareness

training.

Section 11. The contractor, who should be an independent Certified

Industrial Hygienist (CIH), will be required by the Agency to take

continuous air samples by Phase Contrast Microscopy (PCM) both inside

and outside the containment for Class I and Class II asbestos abatement

projects as defined in 29 CFR 1926.1101. Sample results will be posted the

day they are received. All data and reports from the laboratory will be

shared with the Union as soon as they are received. Representative

personal monitoring shall also be conducted in accordance with the

project-specific contingency plan or model Facility Asbestos Abatement

Contingency Plan (FAACP) on at least one (1) employee in areas occupied

by bargaining unit employees. Due to the potential noise level of the

monitor and its associated distractions, any bargaining unit employee who

volunteers to wear the monitor shall, if staffing and workload permits, be

assigned to a non-control position for the period in which such monitoring

occurs.

Section 12. The abatement area cannot be reoccupied until it has passed a

visual inspection and met a clearance air sampling criteria (e.g. by PCM or

Transmission Electron Microscopy [TEM]) in accordance with applicable

regulations. For asbestos-containing floor tile abatement projects, the

clearance methodology must be TEM/Asbestos Hazard Emergency

Response Act (AHERA) protocol. Unless it can be established with

certainty that floor tiles are non-asbestos containing, bulk sampling by

TEM must be used.

169

Section 13. The Union, at its own expense, may designate an Industrial

Hygienist to observe the work of the abatement contractor.

Upon request, the Union will be given the air sampling slides for

validation by an accredited laboratory, either on- or off-site. These

materials will be returned to the Agency with a written chain-of-custody

record covering the period during which they were outside the possession

of the Agency. Upon request, the Union's Industrial Hygienist will be

given the opportunity to validate, through an accredited laboratory, any air

samples collected by the Agency. The Union's Industrial Hygienist will be

allowed to perform side-by-side TEM air monitoring on a random basis,

on days and times to be determined by the Union, at the Union's expense.

The Parties will exchange copies of all reports, records, memoranda, notes,

and other documents prepared by the Agency, the Agency's contractor, the

Union, the Union's Industrial Hygienist, and the Union's accredited

laboratory. The Union will give the Agency advance notice of visits by its

Industrial Hygienist.

Section 14. Bargaining unit employees who have been exposed to asbestos

levels equal to or greater than OSHA permissible exposure limits shall be

eligible for medical surveillance programs paid for by the Agency, in

accordance with OSHA standards and Agency directives.

Section 15. The Agency recognizes its obligation to comply with the

requirements of 29 CFR in connection with all facets of asbestos

abatement operations. Asbestos abatement will comply with OSHA

Standards 1910 and 1926, FAA Order 3900.19, appropriate Agency

directives, and the appropriate contingency plan(s).

ARTICLE 78

ACQUIRED IMMUNO-DEFICIENCY SYNDROME (AIDS)

Section 1. Employees infected by the Human Immuno-deficiency Virus

(HIV) or with Acquired Immuno-Deficiency Syndrome (AIDS) shall be

allowed to work free from discrimination on the basis of their medical

condition. Under the provisions of 29 CFR 1614.203, qualified

handicapped bargaining unit employees will be reasonably accommodated

in accordance with the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended.

It is the employee's responsibility to provide medical information

regarding the extent to which a medical condition is affecting availability

170

for duty or job performance to enable the Agency to reasonably

accommodate the employee.

Section 2. The Parties agree that medical documentation and other

personal information related to the medical condition of bargaining unit

employees with AIDS or HIV positive shall be treated in a way to protect

confidentiality and privacy. Except as follow-up to an identified medical

condition, AMEs shall not inquire as to the potential HIV/AIDS status of a

bargaining unit employee.

ARTICLE 79

FARE SUBSIDIES FOR EMPLOYEES

Section 1. In accordance with applicable law, regulation, and executive

order, the Agency shall provide a non-taxable subsidy designed to

encourage employees to commute via public mass transportation.

Section 2. Fare subsidies shall be administered in accordance with the

DOT Transit Benefit Policy and Guidance and any subsequent changes.

The monthly benefit shall not exceed the actual commuting cost or the

statutory limit, whichever is less.

Section 3. When public mass transportation is unavailable for an

employee’s shift assignment, he/she shall be permitted to park in the

Agency owned or leased parking area in accordance with Article 70 of this

Agreement.

Section 4. Applications for subsidies under this Article will be approved at

the local level.

Section 5. To the extent possible, employees shall receive subsidies

electronically.  If unavailable electronically, employees shall have the

option of receiving any subsidies due under this Article at their facility.

ARTICLE 80

EMPLOYEE RECERTIFICATION

Section 1. Employee recertification shall be in accordance with FAA

Order 3120.4.

171

Section 2. Employees will be given written notice within five (5)

administrative workdays of the specific reasons for decertification. Upon

request, the employee shall have an opportunity to review the information

used in making the determination to place him/her in a training and/or

recertification program, and to discuss the reasons for making the

determination with his/her immediate supervisor or designee.

Section 3. A remedial training plan shall be developed for all performance

related recertifications. Included in the remedial training plan shall be the

specific reasons for the action and the skill level required for

recertification. Remedial training shall normally begin within three (3)

administrative workdays of the notice of decertification. The employee

will be provided with a copy of his/her remedial training plan. The

employee's schedule shall not be changed from his/her regularly assigned

shifts until such time as remedial training begins.

Section 4. Recertification may be accomplished by individual position or a

single action covering multiple positions.

Section 5. If further action is necessary, performance deficiencies will be

addressed in accordance with Article 20 of this Agreement.

ARTICLE 81

HAZARDOUS DUTY PAY

Section 1. Hazardous duty pay differential(s) shall be paid by the Agency

in accordance with 5 CFR Part 550, Subpart I.

ARTICLE 82

AERONAUTICAL CENTER

Section 1. The Parties recognize the right and responsibility of the Union

to represent bargaining unit employees, as specified in Article 2, Section 1

of this Agreement, who are in attendance at the Mike Monroney

Aeronautical Center.

Section 2. The Agency shall provide a separate bulletin board for the

posting of Union materials in a non-work area frequented by bargaining

unit employees. A locking glass cover may be installed on the Union

bulletin board at Union expense.

172

Section 3. The Union and all members of the bargaining unit shall be

afforded all representational rights under this Agreement while at the

Aeronautical Center.

Section 4. The Parties agree that the Aeronautical Center management has

no responsibility or authority to negotiate with the Union. However, the

Agency will designate a point of contact at the Aeronautical Center to

assist the members of the unit and Union officials.

Section 5. Any grievance filed by bargaining unit employees temporarily

assigned to the Aeronautical Center shall be processed at their facility of

record. All grievances shall be initiated with the Agency's representative in

accordance with Article 9, Section 7, Step 2 of this Agreement.

ARTICLE 83

SENIORITY

Section 1. Seniority will be determined by the Union.

Section 2. The Union may only change seniority one (1) time during the

life of this Agreement.

ARTICLE 84

DISABLED VETERANS AFFIRMATIVE ACTION PROGRAM

Section 1. The Agency agrees that it has an obligation to assist disabled

veterans who, by virtue of their military service, have lost opportunities to

pursue education and training oriented toward civilian careers.

Section 2. The Agency agrees to comply with the Department of

Transportation's Disabled Veterans Affirmative Action Program as

required by 38 USC Chapter 42.

ARTICLE 85

ACCOMMODATION OF DISABLED EMPLOYEES

Section 1. For the purpose of this Article, a disabled employee is a

medically qualified employee whose permanent disability renders him/her

unable to perform his/her duties at his/her present facility.

173

Section 2. A disabled employee shall receive priority consideration at

his/her request to any facility with an existing vacancy at which the

employee's disability does not preclude him/her from performing such

duties.

Section 3. Nothing in this Article is intended to limit the applicability of

the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended, including the employee's

right to reasonable accommodation.

ARTICLE 86

CAREER TRANSITION ASSISTANCE

Section 1. Unless otherwise specified in this Agreement, the Agency will

provide career transition assistance in accordance with HRPM EMP-1.22,

Career Transition Program, to all employees who have received an Agency

reduction-in-force (RIF) separation notice or who have been separated

through RIF procedures in the Agency (displaced employees), as well as to

employees who are likely to face displacement through anticipated Agency

RIF or internal reorganization/realignment to a different position (surplus

employees).

Section 2. A Certification of Surplus Status (CSS) will be issued by the

head of the line of business, or his/her designee, within thirty (30) days of

the determination that an employee is surplus and can cover a period of up

to six (6) months. Certifications may be renewed in increments of up to six

(6) months each for as long as the employee is surplus.

Section 3. An employee who has declined a directed reassignment or

transfer of function reassignment outside the local commuting area and

who has received a proposed separation notice or has been involuntarily

separated will be considered an affected employee.

Section 4. The Agency will make every reasonable effort to provide

surplus employees with up to sixteen (16) hours of duty time per pay

period to pursue career transition activities.

Section 5. The Agency agrees to provide displaced employees with a

minimum of thirty-two (32) hours of duty time per pay period. Subject to

staffing and workload, affected employees will receive up to thirty-two

(32) hours of duty time per pay period to pursue transition activities.

174

Section 6. Surplus, displaced, and affected employees shall be given

reasonable access to government local and long distance telephone service,

copy machines, computers, Internet access and email, printers, and fax

machines, where available. This equipment may be used to pursue

transition activities when not in use by the Agency.

Section 7. The Agency shall supply closeout performance evaluations to

any displaced or affected employee who has been working under an

existing position description for at least ninety (90) days.

Section 8. Affected employees who have received a proposed separation

notice, but who have not yet received a final separation notice, shall

receive priority consideration for vacancies within the Air Traffic

Organization (ATO) for which they are qualified, within the local

commuting area.

Section 9. For two (2) years following their date of separation, affected

employees shall be given first consideration for reemployment into a

vacant Agency position in which they are qualified for under the following

conditions:

a.

the vacant position is at or below the grade level from which the

individual was separated;

b.

the area of consideration stated in the vacancy announcement

includes any non-FAA applicants;

c.

the individual submits a timely application under the vacancy

announcement; and

d.

the individual includes with his/her application, a copy of the first

consideration eligibility letter that was provided with the

separation notice.

First consideration means that the resume/application of the involuntarily

separated applicant(s) for a position will be forwarded to the selecting

official for consideration ahead of candidates outside the Agency.

Relocation expenses are not authorized for affected employees under the

provisions of this Article.

Section 10. Affected employees who are involuntarily separated shall be

provided a letter explaining their eligibility for first consideration. This

175

letter shall be given to an employee simultaneously with the final

separation notice.

ARTICLE 87

FLEXIBLE SPENDING ACCOUNTS

Section 1. The Agency has adopted a federal Flexible Spending Account

(FSA) program that was initiated by the Office of Personnel Management

(OPM). A Health Care FSA pays for the uncovered or unreimbursed

portions of qualified medical costs. A Dependent Care FSA provides for

the payment of eligible expenses for dependent care.

Section 2. Should OPM change any portion of the program, the Agency

agrees to adopt the provision(s) and provide notification to the Union and

bargaining unit employees.

Section 3. The Parties agree that all bargaining unit employees covered by

this Agreement are eligible to participate in the FSA program, as long as

they meet the eligibility criteria established by OPM.

Section 4. Employees can access the FSA website at

www.FSAFEDS.com.

ARTICLE 88

DIVESTITURE

Section 1. The Air Traffic Organization Service Areas will ensure that any

orders to divest, including appropriate timeframes and procedures, will be

distributed to all employees when a newly prohibited financial interest is

received from the Agency's Office of the Chief Counsel.

Section 2. The Agency shall keep an updated and accurate copy of the list

of prohibited investments that the Agency utilizes in making its divestiture

determinations. This list shall be made available to all employees through

a link on the Federal Aviation Administration employee website and shall

be briefed to new employees during new employee orientation.

Section 3. The Agency shall make employees aware of the timeframes

established by the Agency's Office of the Chief Counsel relating to the

issuing of a Certificate of Divestiture.

176

ARTICLE 89

GOVERNMENT CREDIT CARD

Section 1. Employees who are required to travel more than two (2) times

in a twelve (12) month period will be issued a government contractor-

issued charge card for official travel. Upon request, employees who travel

less frequently may be issued the card.

Section 2. Employees will use the card to pay for official travel expenses

to the maximum extent possible for transportation, lodging, and car rental

expenses.

Section 3. In order to ensure that employees are protected from adverse

impact caused by their use of the card, the following will apply:

a.  Employees will not be required to pay the disputed portion of a

billing statement until resolution of the disputed amount.

b.  Employees will not be responsible for any charges incurred

against a lost or stolen card provided the employee reports such

loss within forty-eight (48) hours of his/her discovery.

c.  The terms of the charge card agreement and a guide for the proper

use of the card, billing, resolution of transaction disputes,

suspension/cancellation procedures, and Privacy Act notice,

including that relating to the use of Social Security Numbers, shall

be provided at or prior to the time the travel charge card is issued.

d.  The Employer will ensure that cash limits for ATM access are

commensurate with the employee's assignment.

Section 4. No credit check will be performed on the employee as a

prerequisite to maintaining a government travel charge card. However, a

credit check may be required for a first-time applicant in accordance with

OMB Circular A-123, Appendix B.

If obtaining a credit score is not possible (e.g. the applicant refuses to

provide consent or does not have a credit history) or in the event the

applicant has a credit score of less than six hundred sixty (660), the

Agency may still issue a "restricted" (as defined in "the circular") travel

card to a first time applicant, but the Agency is required to conduct an

alternative credit worthiness evaluation as defined in "the circular."

177

Section 5. Any application for an alternative credit worthiness evaluation

shall be made utilizing the following questions under the section

requesting personal financial information:

a.

In the past seven (7) years, have you or a company over which you

exercise control, filed for bankruptcy, been declared bankrupt,

been subject to a tax lien, or had legal judgment rendered for a

debt?

b.  Are you currently over one hundred twenty (120) days delinquent

on any loan or financial obligation? This includes loans,

government travel card accounts, or obligations funded or

guaranteed by the Federal Government.

c.  Have you had a government charge card canceled because of use

for other than the official purpose for which it is intended?

Section 6. Credit limits for a restricted travel card, as established by DOT,

are set at a two thousand five hundred dollar ($2,500.00) retail limit and a

one hundred dollar ($100.00) cash limit (ATM) per billing cycle. An

employee may request a temporary increase to his/her credit limits

(including ATM withdrawals) when on an extended detail, through his/her

manager or program coordinator. Any such increase(s) to credit limits will

be made on a trip-by-trip basis. Procedures for requesting such approval

will be posted on the FAA Employee Travel website.

Section 7. The Agency shall timely process all employee travel vouchers

to ensure that employees are promptly reimbursed for all allowable travel-

related expenditures.

Section 8. If the Agency does not process an employee's travel voucher in

a timely manner that results in an employee's delinquent payment (sixty

(60) days or more past due), the delinquent payment will not serve as the

basis for disciplinary action.

Section 9. If a valid reason precludes an employee from filing a timely

claim for reimbursement that results in delinquent payment, the delinquent

payment will not serve as a basis for disciplinary action.

Section 10. If an employee does not possess a government travel charge

card or the charge card privileges have been terminated because of misuse

or delinquency, the employee shall be provided a ticket for transportation

if one is required.

178

ARTICLE 90

LEAVE TRANSFER

Section 1. The Parties agree with the leave transfer program that provides

for the voluntary transfer of unused accrued annual and sick leave from a

leave donor for use by an approved leave recipient.

Section 2. An employee may make a request to become a leave recipient

electronically through the Voluntary Leave Transfer Program’s (VLTP)

online site or by submitting a written application to the Agency to become

a leave recipient. If an employee is not capable of making an application

on his or her own behalf, a personal representative of the potential leave

recipient may make a written application on the employee's behalf. Each

application shall be accompanied by the following information concerning

each potential leave recipient:

a.

b.

the name, position title, and grade or pay level of the potential

leave recipient;

the reasons transferred leave is needed, including a brief

description of the nature, severity, and anticipated duration of the

medical emergency and, if it is a recurring one, the approximate

frequency of the medical emergency affecting the potential leave

recipient;

c.  certification from one (1) or more physicians, or other appropriate

experts, with respect to the medical emergency, if the potential

leave recipient's employing agency so requires; and

d.  any additional information that may be required by the potential

leave recipient's employing agency.

Section 3. Employees shall not be required to maintain any minimum

leave balance in order to receive donations for qualifying conditions.

Section 4. A leave recipient may use leave transferred to the leave

recipient's accounts only for the purpose of a medical emergency for which

the leave recipient was approved.

Section 5. Leave transferred under this Article may be substituted

retroactively for a period of leave without pay (LWOP) or used to liquidate

an indebtedness for advanced annual or sick leave granted on or after a

date fixed by the leave recipient's employing agency as the beginning of

179

the period of medical emergency for which LWOP or advanced annual or

sick leave was granted.

Section 6. An employee may submit a voluntary written request to the

Agency that a specific number of hours of the donor's accrued annual or

sick leave be transferred from the donor's leave account to the leave

account of a specified leave recipient.

Section 7. Limitations on donation of annual leave are as follows:

a.

In any one (1) leave year, a leave donor may donate no more than

a total of one-half (1/2) of the amount of annual leave he/she

would be entitled to accrue during the leave year in which the

donation is made.

b.  In the case of a leave donor who is projected to have annual leave

that otherwise would be subject to forfeiture at the end of the leave

year, the maximum amount of annual leave that may be donated

during the leave year shall be the lesser of:

(1)  one-half (1/2) of the amount of annual leave he/she would be

entitled to accrue during the leave year in which the donation

is made; or

(2)  the numbers of hours remaining in the leave year (as of the

date of transfer) for which the leave donor is scheduled to

work and receive pay.

c.  The Agency shall establish written criteria for waiving the

limitations on donating annual leave under paragraphs (a) and (b)

above. Any such waiver shall be documented in writing.

Section 8. A leave donor may request that a specific number of hours be

transferred from his/her sick leave account to the leave account of a leave

recipient. There shall be no limitations placed on the number of sick leave

hours donated by employees.

Section 9. While a leave recipient is in a shared leave status, annual and

sick leave shall accrue to the credit of the leave recipient at the same rate

as if he/she were in a paid leave status except that:

a.

the maximum amount of annual leave that may be accrued, in the

set-aside account, by a leave recipient while in a shared leave

180

status in connection with any particular medical emergency may

not exceed forty (40) hours, or in the case of a part-time employee

or an employee with an uncommon tour of duty, the average

number of hours in the leave recipient's weekly scheduled tour of

duty; and

b.

the maximum amount of sick leave that may be accrued, in the set-

aside account, by a leave recipient while in a shared leave status in

connection with any particular medical emergency may not exceed

forty (40) hours or, in the case of a part-time employee or an

employee with an uncommon tour of duty, the average number of

hours in the leave recipient's weekly scheduled tour of duty.

c.  Annual and sick leave accruals will be pro-rated and distributed

accordingly when an employee is working and using donated

annual leave intermittently.

(1)  Annual and sick leave earned while the employee is in a

working status will be placed in the employee’s regular annual

and sick leave accounts.

(2)  Annual and sick leave earned while the employee is using

donated leave will be placed in the employee’s set-aside

account.

d.  Any annual or sick leave accrued by a leave recipient under this

Section shall be transferred to the appropriate leave account of the

leave recipient and shall become available for use:

(1)  as of the beginning of the first pay period beginning on or

after the date on which the leave recipient's medical

emergency terminates; or

(2)  if the leave recipient's medical emergency has not yet

terminated, once the leave recipient has exhausted all leave

made available to him/her.

Section 10. Restoration of unused transferred leave shall be in accordance

with the Agency's existing rules.

181

DEFINITIONS:

Leave donor: An employee whose voluntary written request for transfer

of annual or sick leave to the leave account of a leave recipient that is

approved by the Agency. An employee may donate annual leave to an

approved leave recipient in another federal agency.

Leave recipient: A current employee with a medical emergency for whom

the Agency has approved an application to receive annual or sick leave

from the leave accounts from one or more leave donors. Annual leave

donations may be accepted from employees in federal agencies outside of

the FAA.

Medical emergency: A medical condition of an employee or a family

member of such employee that is likely to require an employee's absence

from duty for a prolonged period of time and to result in a substantial loss

of income to the employee because of the unavailability of paid leave.  A

medical emergency is likely to result in a substantial loss of income if:

a.  a full-time employee’s absence from duty without available paid

leave, because of the medical emergency, is or is expected to last

at least twenty-four (24) work hours; or

b.  a part-time employee’s absence from duty without available paid

leave, because of the medical emergency, is or is expected to last

at least thirty percent (30%) of the average number of hours in the

employee’s scheduled biweekly tour of duty.

c.  a period of absence without available paid leave for a medical

emergency may be consecutive or intermittent.

Paid leave status: The administrative status of an employee while the

employee is using annual or sick leave accrued or accumulated.

Shared leave status: The administrative status of an employee while the

employee is using transferred leave.

Set-aside account: A separate leave account for annual and sick leave

earned while using donated leave.

182

ARTICLE 91

INTERCHANGE AGREEMENT

Section 1. The Agency shall continue efforts to maintain an interchange

agreement with the Office of Personnel Management (OPM) that would

ensure portability for employees to other agencies in the competitive

service.

ARTICLE 92

PERSONAL PROPERTY CLAIMS

Section 1. As specified in FAA Order 2700.14B, dated December 19,

1983, employees may make claims for damage or loss of personal

property resulting from incidents related to the performance of his/her

duty. The Agency shall assist the employee in the proper filing of his/her

claim.

ARTICLE 93

SELF-REFERRAL

Section 1. An employee who voluntarily identifies himself or herself as

someone who uses illegal drugs or misuses alcohol, prior to being

identified through other means, shall not be identified to the Agency on the

first occurrence of such self-referral, for the purposes of taking

disciplinary action.

Section 2. When initiated by the employee, the related

Treatment/Rehabilitation Plan (TRP) shall be identified as a Self-Referral

TRP.

Section 3. An employee may self-refer except under the following

circumstances:

a.

the employee has received specific notice that he/she is to be

tested for drugs or alcohol;

b.  a substance abuse collector has arrived at the employee's facility to

conduct testing;

c.

the Agency is awaiting the results of a drug test taken by the

employee; or

183

d.

the employee has previously completed an Agency-approved

rehabilitation program in accordance with DOT Order 3910.1.

Section 4. An employee who voluntarily self-refers under this Article shall

not be subject to disciplinary action based only on substance abuse, if the

employee:

a.  obtains counseling through the Agency's Employee Assistance

Program (EAP) and completes EAP recommended rehabilitation;

and

b.  refrains from any further use of illegal drugs or alcohol misuse in

accordance with the policy of DOT Order 3910.1.

Section 5. The Flight Surgeon shall contact the employee's facility

manager and notify him/her that the employee will be temporarily

removed from his/her safety-sensitive duties for medical reasons. The

nature of the medical problem shall not be released.

Section 6. An employee who uses sick leave in connection with

rehabilitation under this Article shall not be required to provide a medical

certificate under Article 25.

Section 7. When the employee has sufficiently recovered, he/she will be

scheduled for return-to-duty substance testing. Upon passing the return-to-

duty test, the employee's facility manager shall be informed that the

employee is no longer restricted for medical reasons and may return to

his/her normal duties. If the employee does not pass the return-to-duty test,

the employee's manager will be informed and the employee will be offered

an opportunity to enter into a TRP.

Section 8. All follow-up testing shall be conducted in a manner that will

protect the privacy of the employee and, whenever feasible, be conducted

off the facility grounds.

Section 9. Employees follow-up testing shall begin after a negative return-

to-duty test and shall continue for one (1) year from the initial follow-up

test or ten (10) days after the date of the negative return-to-duty test,

whichever comes first. The follow-up program may be extended at the

discretion of the Flight Surgeon when follow-up testing is incomplete or

interrupted. The employee will have successfully completed the

184

rehabilitation program, if the employee adheres to his/her TRP, and all of

the employee’s follow-up test results are negative.

ARTICLE 94

OUTSIDE EMPLOYMENT

Section 1. In accordance with 5 CFR 2635.101(b)(10) and (14),

2635.801(c), and FAA Order 3750.7, outside employment in general is

permitted so long as it neither conflicts with official government duties

and responsibilities nor appears to do so. Employees are permitted to

engage in outside aviation employment so long as the outside employer

does not conduct activities for which the employee's facility or office has

official responsibility.

The Agency shall maintain a list of ethics officials on the Office of the

Chief Counsel (AGC) website with whom employees may consult for

determinations of the propriety of an outside employment opportunity.

Section 2. Should an employee submit a written request for prior

approval, it will be acted upon as soon as possible, generally within thirty

(30) days of receipt. When the employee accepts outside employment

without prior approval due to the Agency's failure to respond within thirty

(30) days to his/her written request for a determination of propriety, the

Agency will take this into consideration should disciplinary action later be

contemplated.

Section 3. If prior approval is given and it is later determined that such

employment is inconsistent with the provisions of Section 1, the

following shall apply upon written notification to the employee:

a.

b.

If the outside employment is specifically prohibited by law, the

employee shall cease the employment immediately.

In all other cases, the employee shall cease the employment within

fourteen (14) days.

ARTICLE 95

INDIVIDUAL PERFORMANCE

Section 1. The administration of individual performance shall be

conducted in accordance with the provisions contained within this Article

185

and Individual Performance Management (IPM) for Operational Personnel

Order, JO 3400.20.

Section 2. Employee performance discussions shall occur outside of the

operating quarters and include RADAR replay and voice recordings,

where available.

Section 3. Performance discussions should take place soon after the

observed performance, but no later than ten (10) calendar days following

the observed performance.  Employees shall be provided the opportunity

to review voice and/or replay data, where available, during a performance

discussion. Deficiencies that cannot be substantiated through voice or

replay data, where available, will not be entered into that employee’s

performance records.

Section 4. IPM Operational Skills Assessments (OSA) may only be used

in instances when an ongoing performance deficiency is identified and

documented. OSA Validations of OSAs used for IPM shall not negatively

impact a previously completed OSA or have a negative impact on an

individual employee’s overall performance evaluation.

Section 5. Employees will not be decertified as a result of a Certification

Skill Check Validation.

Section 6. The IPM OSA must be completed on a single/combined

position during a single session. Where such capabilities exist, a replay

and/or voice recording of the session must be included with any discussion

involved in an OSA.

Section 7. An entry or document regarding employee performance

maintained in an Agency system of records shall identify the individual

responsible for generating said entry or document. Employees shall be

provided access to CEDAR to allow for review and/or comment on data

maintained regarding that employee.

Section 8. The Parties at the local level shall exchange Skill Enhancement

Training (SET) recommendations made to the Event Review Committee

(ERC) that were not jointly developed.

Section 9. The determination to provide training is based on an ongoing

assessment of performance and should not be based on a single snapshot,

event, or reported occurrence. When training is assigned, the specific

performance deficiency should be identified and be supported with

186

documentation of previous discussions to correct the deficiency. Assigned

training must be directly related to the identified deficiency and include

the expected outcomes resulting from successful training assignment

completion.

ARTICLE 96

TEMPORARY DUTY TRAVEL

Section 1. Unless otherwise specified in this Agreement, reimbursement

for travel expenses shall be in accordance with the Federal Aviation

Administration Travel Policy (FAATP).

Section 2. In the event an employee is required to travel in the

performance of official business, he/she shall be entitled to an advance of

funds using a government travel charge card. Such advances will be

obtained through an Automated Teller Machine (ATM). Employees who

have not been issued a government travel charge card shall be entitled to

an advance of funds equal to the maximum amount allowable under the

FAATP.

Employees who have had their government travel charge card revoked are

not entitled to an advance of funds, unless their card was revoked due to

an administrative error.  An employee, whose travel charge card was

revoked due to an administrative error, shall be entitled to an advance of

funds in accordance with this Section.

Section 3. In order to prevent an undue financial burden upon the

employee, travel vouchers are to be processed in accordance with the

following:

a.  Employees are to submit vouchers to approving officials within

five (5) workdays of completion of trips or every thirty (30) days

if the employee is in a continuous travel status. Except as provided

for in the current version of the E2 Travel Manual, travel vouchers

shall be submitted using E2 software. Employees shall be

permitted to complete travel vouchers on duty time.

b.  The Agency shall ensure an employee, who submits a proper

voucher for allowable expenses in accordance with applicable

travel regulations, receives reimbursement within thirty (30) days

after submission of the voucher. If the Agency fails to reimburse

an employee who has submitted a proper voucher within thirty

187

(30) days after submission of the voucher, the Agency shall pay

the employee’s late payment fees as prescribed by the General

Services Administration (GSA).

In the case of a questionable item(s) on a submitted travel voucher, the

approving official shall notify the employee within two (2) workdays and

will attempt to resolve the item(s) as soon as practicable. Should the

item(s) not be resolved to the satisfaction of the approving official, he/she

shall approve the travel voucher with the questionable item(s) deleted. The

employee may resubmit the disputed item(s) in the event a favorable

disposition is later rendered.

Section 4. When travel is direct between duty points which are separated

by several time zones and at least one (1) duty point is outside the

CONUS, a rest period not in excess of twenty-four (24) hours may be

authorized if the scheduled flight time (including stopovers of less than

eight (8) hours) exceeds fourteen (14) hours by a direct or usually traveled

route.

Section 5. When an employee obtains lodging in accordance with the

FAATP and the associated travel is curtailed, canceled, or interrupted for

official purposes or for other reasons beyond the employee’s control that

are acceptable to the Agency, he/she shall be reimbursed provided the

employee sought to obtain a refund or otherwise took steps to minimize

the cost and otherwise acted reasonably and prudently in incurring the

prepaid lodging expenses. It shall be considered that the employee acted

reasonably and prudently if the expense was incurred based on time

projections as conveyed in writing by management to the employee.

Section 6. The Agency agrees that when an employee, if employed within

the CONUS, is issued a travel order to attend the FAA Academy for

courses more than fifteen (15) class days, the employee may be authorized

to travel by Privately Owned Vehicle (POV). Privately Owned Vehicle

travel expenses to and from the Academy shall be paid at the rate

applicable to such travel as prescribed by the FAATP and this Agreement.

Payment for local mileage shall be paid in accordance with the FAATP.

Section 7. When an employee is authorized a POV to attend FAA

Academy courses, he/she may elect to use common air carrier for travel to

and from the Academy, and to use a rental vehicle on a flat-rate basis

while at the Academy. No extra charge for miles driven will be paid.

Allowable reimbursement shall not exceed authorized mileage and per

diem expenses that would have been incurred had the employee traveled

188

by POV to and from the Academy. Rental cars shall be obtained from the

GSA supply contract when practicable. The cost of common air carrier,

plus rental car costs, may not exceed the constructive cost of POV.

Section 8. The Agency has determined that an employee's efficiency and

productivity will be enhanced if permitted to return to his/her home or

another authorized destination during extended FAA Academy or out-of-

Agency technical training. Therefore, an employee attending a course or

consecutive courses of training for more than thirty (30) calendar days

shall be allowed one (1) round trip to his/her home or to another

authorized destination during that period. The travel must be accomplished

during the employee's regularly scheduled off-duty time and may not be

taken in conjunction with annual or sick leave. Subsequent travel will be

allowed in the same manner for every additional thirty (30) calendar days

of the same temporary duty assignment.

Section 9. The Agency recognizes the need for local transportation for

employees assigned to out-of-Agency training; therefore, the use of a

rental car at the training site will be authorized where appropriate. Rental

cars shall be obtained from the GSA supply contract when practicable.

This Section applies to employees who utilize common carrier

transportation.

Section 10. For purposes of this Agreement, the radius used to determine

whether an employee performing travel is eligible for the allowance for

subsistence expenses under the FAATP shall be measured from the

building to which a bargaining unit employee is permanently assigned and

from the residence. The Agency shall pay subsistence expenses if the

employee travels to a temporary duty site more than forty (40) miles from

his/her official station.  Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section, an

employee is not entitled to per diem at the employee's official station.

Section 11. Mileage reimbursement for a POV shall be limited to the

maximum mileage allowance determined by GSA.

Section 12. When an employee will be going on an extended stay travel

assignment under the FAATP, lodgings plus shall be authorized for the

first seven (7) days or until suitable lodging can be found, whichever is

less. If, within the first seven (7) days, no suitable lodging can be found at

the fixed rate of sixty percent (60%) of the maximum lodging rate set by

GSA, and the employee has sought assistance from the Agency's

designated travel services contract, the employee shall be granted approval

for a higher rate, not to exceed the daily GSA maximum lodging rate,

189

which will cover the lowest available lodging rate. If no kitchen facilities

are available, the full M&IE rate will be authorized. If kitchen facilities are

available, the reduced M&IE rate will still apply.

Suitable lodging includes, but is not limited to, lodging that contains

kitchen facilities located within the local commuting area of the temporary

duty (TDY) location.

Section 13. Although proof of commercial lodging is required, employees

who are reimbursed at a fixed rate established under the FAATP shall not

be required to submit receipts unless the fixed rate has been raised in

accordance with the provisions of Section 12 of this Article.

Section 14. A periodic return trip home, as provided in the FAATP, is

justified for employees performing an extended stay travel assignment or a

continuous travel assignment. Therefore, an employee performing an

extended stay travel assignment which is projected to be thirty (30) days or

longer or an employee on a continuous travel assignment shall be

authorized, at the election of the employee, one (1) round trip to his/her

home or to another authorized destination during each thirty (30) day

period.

Section 15. To the extent practicable, the Agency shall provide employees

a minimum of thirty (30) days notice of the beginning and end dates of

TDY location assignments and any interruption of TDY assignments.

Section 16. Employees who request shall be authorized the use of portable

dwellings for long-term or continuous travel. Notwithstanding the

provisions contained within the FAATP, an employee's allowable lodging

costs shall include monthly telephone use fees and other special user fees

if ordinarily included in the price of a hotel/motel in the area concerned.

Section 17. When long-term extended assignments will result in a tax

liability on travel expenses for bargaining unit employees, the Agency may

offer to pay Extended Temporary Duty Travel Tax Reimbursement

Allowance (ETTRA). When the Agency pays ETTRA, such payment shall

be paid in the same manner as Relocation Income Tax Allowance (RITA).

If the Agency has determined that ETTRA will not be offered, employee

assignments shall be for periods of less than one (1) year.

190

Section 18. When making travel arrangements, an employee shall have the

option of utilizing the government-contracted travel agent or contacting

the airline, hotel, and/or rental car services directly.

ARTICLE 97

SECURITY

Section 1. The Agency shall apply its security standards and procedures

uniformly throughout the bargaining unit(s).

Section 2. In the event of bomb threats, threats of violence, or suspected

terrorist activities at the facility, the Agency shall take appropriate

measures to protect the safety and security of employees.

Section 3. Bargaining unit employees shall not normally be required to

perform the duties of the Facility Security Coordinator (FSC).

Section 4. The Union shall be afforded the opportunity to designate

member(s) to participate on the Building/Facility Security Committee that

will validate the Facility Security Plan (FSP).  Changes arising from

revisions to the FSP that affect the working conditions of the bargaining

unit shall be negotiated at the local level.

Section 5. The Building/Facility Security Committee will document

minutes of all meetings that will be reviewed and approved by all

committee members.  Committee members will be afforded the

opportunity to append a dissenting opinion/position to the final minutes.

Section 6. Should installation of any new equipment/technology become

necessary due to the reduction and/or elimination of security guards, such

equipment shall be operational prior to the reduction and/or elimination

being effectuated.

Section 7. Once a decision has been made to locate equipment in

operational areas and/or other locations frequented by bargaining unit

employees, the Parties at the local level shall negotiate as appropriate.

Section 8. The Parties agree that the primary purpose of the closed-circuit

television (CCTV) cameras, Entry Control Video (ECV), and Intrusion

Detection Systems or Sensors (IDS) is surveillance of interior and exterior

perimeter alarm points/zones to prevent thefts and deter criminal activity.

191

Section 9. The Parties agree that the primary purpose of CCTV cameras,

ECV, and IDS is not for monitoring bargaining unit employees in

work/operational areas, break areas, and other employee common areas,

except as necessary under Section 8 of this Article.

Section 10. The Parties agree that the measures and devices, as referenced

in Section 8 of this Article, shall not be used as timekeeping devices to

record arrivals and departures of employees for the purposes of tracking

time and attendance.

Section 11. The Parties agree that the measures and devices, as referenced

in Section 8 of this Article, shall coincide with the pertinent provisions of

this Agreement, and that disciplinary action will not be taken without first

conducting an investigation into the alleged event.

Section 12. Should the Agency use data from CCTV cameras, ECV, IDS,

or any other such measures and devices as supporting evidence in the

imposition of discipline, the employee who is alleged to have committed

the offense shall have a right to a copy of the data.

ARTICLE 98

PROBATIONARY EMPLOYEE

Section 1. A probationary employee is an employee who has not

completed one (1) year of federal civil service.

ARTICLE 99

HARDSHIP TRANSFER

Section 1. The Parties agree to review transfer requests under hardship

conditions in an open, fair, and expeditious manner and to resolve those

requests in the best interests of the employee and the Agency. This Article

is not intended to address emergency situations that may occur, where the

Agency determines that immediate action is necessary to protect the health

and welfare of the employee and/or immediate family.

Section 2. Transfer requests under verified hardship conditions shall be

classified in one of the following three categories (in order of priority):

I. The medical condition of the employee, the employee's spouse, or

dependent children residing in the employee's household requires

192

a geographical move from the employee's present duty station

assignment to a geographical area deemed necessary to improve or

maintain the health or receive health services.

II. Transfer of an employee to another geographical area, when the

employee or employee's spouse is the primary caretaker of a

dependent parent, or the medical condition of the parent requires

the employee or employee's spouse to relocate. Not all situations

of separation from parents will be considered a hardship.

III. Transfer of an employee in case of an estranged family where

dependent children are involved and the transfer of an employee to

a different geographical area would allow the employee to

maintain contact with his or her children. Not all situations of

separation from children will be considered a hardship. In order to

be considered, the geographical separation from the children must

have been involuntary. Factors that should be considered are the

length of time of separation, the age, and health of the children.

All relevant factors shall be considered for each condition, but at a

minimum shall include:

a.  whether the employee previously used this issue as a hardship.

b.  other unique circumstances.

c.

the distance and ease of commute.

In order to effectively comply with the intent of the definition of a

geographic area, employees must provide a list of all facilities and/or cities

that will meet the needs of their specific hardship. Placement is allowed in

the same, lower, or up to three (3) ATC Facility Pay Levels above their

current ATC Facility Pay Level.

Section 3. An employee requesting a hardship transfer shall submit a

written request to his or her current facility manager. The request shall

include at least the following:

a.  a statement that the employee is requesting an Employee

Requested Reassignment (ERR) in accordance with the ERR

procedures and this Article;

193

b.

c.

the position(s), grade(s), and geographical area(s) the employee is

requesting;

the reason(s) justifying the hardship need and all supporting

documentation;

d.  FAA Form 3330-42, Request for Consideration and

Acknowledgment;

e.  FAA Form 3330-43-1, Rating of Air Traffic Experience for AT

Transfer Program;

f.  a resume;

g.  most recent performance appraisal;

h.  a statement that the employee understands that this hardship

transfer is primarily in the interest of the employee and relocation

is at no expense to the government; and

i.  a statement from the employee authorizing the Parties to contact

the appropriate sources as applicable to the request for the purpose

of validating or clarifying any supplied documentation.

Section 4. The Parties at the local level shall meet within fourteen (14)

calendar days of submission of the hardship to accomplish the facility

level review. They will ensure that the request falls in one (1) of the three

(3) categories eligible for hardship consideration and that the appropriate

documentation is provided. Requests that clearly fall outside the identified

hardship categories or those requests that do not include supporting

documentation will be returned to the employee with an explanation of the

denial and information that the employee can file an ERR through the

normal process. For all other requests, they will make recommendations

and forward an entire package to the Parties at the Service Area/AFSIAG

level of the facility where the hardship request originated. This should

normally be accomplished within seven (7) calendar days of making the

determination.

Section 5. The Parties at the Service Area/AFSIAG level shall review the

employee's package and the recommendations made at the facility and

make their own determination as to whether the hardship condition is bona

fide. This review should normally occur within fourteen (14) calendar days

of receiving the package. If they determine the hardship condition is bona

194

fide, they shall, within seven (7) calendar days of making the

determination, forward the entire package to the Parties at the Service

Area/AFSIAG level of the target facilities if other than their own, along

with a written statement recommending approval of the transfer due to a

bona fide hardship condition. Should the Parties in this Section fail to

reach agreement on the determination as to whether the hardship condition

is bona fide, the hardship request is denied and the employee may pursue

transfer under the ERR process. If the transfer is recommended by the

originating Service Area/AFSIAG, the employee's hardship package will

be forwarded to the target Service Area/AFSIAG.

Section 6. The Parties at the Service Area/AFSIAG level of the target

facilities shall review the employee's package and the determinations made

at the facility and the originating Service Area. This review should

normally occur within fourteen (14) calendar days after receiving the

package. The Agency will make every reasonable effort to accommodate

the employee’s transfer if the employee is otherwise qualified for the

position.  The originating facility will not unreasonably delay the

employee’s release.  If the transfer is denied, the target Service Area shall

forward a written justification to the originating Service Area along with a

list of all alternative facilities in the geographical area that could possibly

fit the needs of the affected employee.

The requesting employee will then be informed by his/her Principal

Facility Representative and the Air Traffic Manager jointly, as soon as

possible after receiving the final determination. Transfers under this

Article shall not be constrained by any release policies; however, release

under this Article shall not negatively impact employees who have already

received release dates. Transfers under this Article shall not be eligible to

receive any permanent change of station benefits. If the Agency

determines that the request cannot be accommodated due to staffing, the

request will remain active for fifteen (15) months and reviewed every six

(6) months by the Parties at the Service Area/AFSIAG level. After each

six (6) month review, a notice will be sent to the employee regarding the

disposition of the request.

Section 7. If the employee does not accept one of the alternatives, the

response shall be documented and placed in the employee's hardship

request file. The employee's original request will be held for fifteen (15)

months and reviewed by the ATO Service Area Director/AFSIAG

Manager and NATCA Regional Vice President every six (6) months. If

multiple requests in the same category are competing for a single vacancy,

they will be accommodated on a first-come, first-served basis. Target

195

Service Areas/AFSIAG are required to "date/time stamp" all hardship

applications in order to properly track this provision.

Section 8. Applications under this Article will remain active for a period

of fifteen (15) months from the date of final determination at the

originating Service Area/AFSIAG. After fifteen (15) months, the

application and all associated documentation will be properly discarded.

Section 9. The express terms of this Article apply between the Air Traffic

Controllers, Traffic Management Coordinators/Specialists, and NOTAM

Specialists bargaining units and separately and distinctly to the FSS

bargaining unit.

ARTICLE 100

PRIORITY CONSIDERATION

Section 1. Priority consideration means the bona fide consideration given

to an employee by the selecting official before any other candidates are

referred for the position to be filled. The employee is not to be considered

in competition with other candidates and is not to be compared with other

candidates.

ARTICLE 101

FAA REFORM

Section 1. The Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) Personnel

Management System is exempt from all of Title 5 of the United States

Code (USC), except for the following:

Section 2302(b), relating to whistleblower protection;

Sections 3308-3320, relating to veterans' preference;

Chapter 71, relating to labor-management relations;

Section 7204, relating to antidiscrimination;

Chapter 73, relating to suitability, security, and conduct;

Chapter 81, relating to compensation for work injury; and

196

Chapters 83-85, 87, and 89, relating to retirement, unemployment

compensation, and insurance coverage.

Section 2. Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 1, the FAA continues

to be subject to the following portions of Title 5 in that they are not part of

the Personnel Management System:

5 USC Chapter 3 (Powers);

5 USC Chapter 5 (Administrative Procedure);

5 USC Chapter 15 (Political Activity of Certain State and Local

Employees); and

5 USC Chapter 91 (Access to Criminal History Records for

National Security Purposes).

Section 3. The FAA Personnel Management System is covered by the

non-personnel management provisions of Title 5 and those portions of

Title 5 that specifically apply to the Secretary or the Administrator

including:

5 USC Section 3307 (Maximum Entry Age);

5 USC Section 5501 (Disposition of Lapsed Salaries);

5 USC Section 5502 (Unauthorized Office);

5 USC Section 5503 (Recess Appointments);

5 USC Sections 5511-20 (Withholding Pay);

5 USC Sections 5533-38 (Dual Pay);

5 USC Sections 5561-70 (Payments to Missing Employees); and

5 USC Chapter 79 (Services to Employees).

Section 4. The Administrator has chosen to incorporate the following

provisions into the FAA's new Personnel Management System:

5 USC Sections 2901-06 (Commissions, Oaths);

197

5 USC Section 3111 (Acceptance of Volunteer Service);

5 USC Sections 3331-33 (Oath of Office); and

5 USC Sections 5351-5356 (Student-Employees).

ARTICLE 102

EFFECT OF AGREEMENT

Section 1. Any provision of this Agreement shall be determined a valid

exception to and shall supersede any existing or future Agency rules,

regulations, directives, orders, policies, and/or practices that conflict with

the Agreement.

Section 2. All matters addressed by this Agreement, except as noted in

Section 1, shall be governed by any such Agency rules, regulations,

directives, orders, policies, and/or practices.

Section 3. The Agency agrees to apply its rules, regulations, directives,

and orders in a fair and equitable manner. Any changes thereto will be in

accordance with Article 7 of this Agreement.

Section 4. Any provision of the United States Code (USC) or Code of

Federal Regulations (CFR) that is expressly incorporated by reference in

this Agreement is binding on the Parties.

ARTICLE 103

PRINTING OF THE AGREEMENT

Section 1. The Agency shall print this Agreement in booklet form and

distribute a copy to each employee in the unit. The Agency shall also

provide one thousand (1,000) copies to the National Office of the Union.

ARTICLE 104

REOPENER

Section 1. In the event legislation is enacted that affects any provision(s)

of this Agreement, the Parties shall reopen the affected provision(s) and

renegotiate its contents.

198

Section 2. Any modification of the provisions or regulations of the Federal

Labor Relations Authority affecting a provision of this Agreement or the

relationship of the Parties may serve as a basis for the reopening of the

affected provision(s).

Section 3. In the event of any law or action of the Government of the

United States renders null and void any provision of this Agreement, the

remaining provisions of the Agreement shall continue in effect for the term

of the Agreement.

ARTICLE 105

GROUND RULES

Section 1. Within one hundred eighty (180) days prior to the expiration of

this Agreement and upon request of either Party, the Parties will enter into

and conduct negotiations of ground rules for the purpose of renegotiating

the existing Collective Bargaining Agreement.

ARTICLE 106

DURATION

Section 1. Subject to member ratification, this Agreement shall remain in

effect for seventy-two (72) months from the date it is approved by the

Parties and shall be automatically renewed for additional periods of one

(1) year unless either Party gives written notice to the other of its desire to

amend or terminate this Agreement. The written notice must be given not

more the one hundred eighty (180) calendar days and not less than one

hundred fifty (150) calendar days preceding the expiration date of this

Agreement. Negotiations under the Article to amend the Agreement shall

commence not later than thirty (30) calendar days after receipt of the

written request. Government-wide regulations issued during the term of

this Agreement shall become controlling at the time of extension if they

are in conflict with this Agreement.

ARTICLE 107

LEGISLATIVE ACTIVITIES

Section 1. Once annually, absent an emergency or other special

circumstance, a block of one hundred eighty-four (184) hours of official

199

time shall be granted to the Union for its national legislative

representatives' participation in activities related to Lobby Week.

Section 2. The Union shall provide the Agency at least thirty (30) days

written notice indicating the date(s) and the names of those Union officials

who will be utilizing this grant of time.

Section 3. The granting of this time shall take precedence over the

approval of pending annual leave requests for the date(s) requested.

ARTICLE 108

PAY

Section 1. The express terms of this Article apply to Air Traffic Control

Specialists (ATCS) assigned to the terminal/en route options, Traffic

Management Coordinators/Specialists (TMC/TMS), Air Traffic Control

Specialists assigned to the Flight Service option, and NOTAMS bargaining

units.

Section 2. Definitions.

a.  Air Traffic Control (ATC) Facility: Terminal facility, en route

facility, or the Air Traffic Control System Command Center

(ATCSCC).

b.  Base Pay: Employee’s pay rate including applicable Locality Pay

adjustment in effect.

c.  Basic Pay: Employee’s pay rate excluding applicable Locality Pay

adjustment in effect.

d.  Certified Professional Controller (CPC): This title applies to an

Air Traffic Control Specialist, who is or has been facility certified

in a terminal/en route air traffic control facility or flight service

station (FSS) in the Agency. Once an employee has achieved CPC

status in his/her first terminal/en route facility or FSS, that status is

permanent.

For TMCs and TMSs, this title applies to Air Traffic Control

Specialists who are facility certified and are involved in the traffic

flow management of aircraft.

200

e.  CPC/TMC/TMS-In Training (CPC-IT/TMC-IT/TMS-IT): This

title applies to a CPC/TMC/TMS who transfers into a new facility.

f.  Demotion: Movement from a Front Line Manager (FLM) position

or higher into a CPC position.

g.  Developmental: This title applies to an air traffic controller in

training at a field facility who has never been facility certified in a

terminal/en route air traffic control facility, flight service station,

or the ATCSCC in the Agency. For pay setting purposes,

developmental stages are Developmental-1 (D1), Developmental-2

(D2), and Developmental-3 (D3). Academy Graduate (AG) is not

considered a developmental stage for pay setting purposes.

h.  Facility Pay Level (FPL): Established using a complexity formula

for pay setting (Appendix A) that computes a Traffic Count Index

(TCI) for each air traffic facility in the terminal and en route

options.

i.  New Hire: This title applies to an individual who is not currently a

federal employee and has never been employed as an Air Traffic

Control Specialist in a terminal/en route air traffic control facility,

flight service station, or the ATCSCC in the Agency.

j.  New Entrant: This title applies to a current federal employee who

has never been employed by the Agency as an Air Traffic Control

Specialist in a terminal/en route air traffic control facility, flight

service station, or the ATCSCC in the Agency.

k.  Promotion is defined as:

(1)  Movement from AG into the first developmental stage.

(2)  Movement from the final developmental stage into the CPC

position.

(3)  Movement from the CPC position to an FLM or higher

position.

l.  Re-Entrant:

(1)  CPC Re-Entrant: This title applies to an individual who is not

currently employed as an Air Traffic Controller by the

201

Agency, but was previously a CPC in a terminal/en route air

traffic control facility, flight service station, or the ATCSCC

in the Agency.

(2)  Developmental Re-Entrant: This title applies to an individual

who is not currently employed as an Air Traffic Controller by

the Agency, but was previously a developmental controller in

the Agency.

m.  Temporary Promotion: Movement from a CPC to an FLM or

higher position for a temporary period of time.

n.  Transfer: Any movement of a CPC/TMC/TMS/Staff Support

Specialist (SSS) or Developmental Air Traffic Controller to

another CPC/TMC/TMS/SSS or Developmental Controller

position at the same, lower, or higher ATC FPL or flight service

station (e.g. bids, swaps, and Employee Requested

Reassignments).

There are four (4) kinds of transfers:

(1)  Transfer to a higher level facility.

(2)  Transfer to a lower level facility.

(3)  Transfer to the same level facility.

(4)  Either voluntary or involuntary transfer between CPC and SSS

positions.

o.  Unsuccessful Training: The inability to successfully conclude an

air traffic control training program in either a terminal facility, en

route facility, flight service station, or the ATCSCC in the

Agency. For the purposes of pay setting, there are two (2)

scenarios applicable to unsuccessful training:

(1)  Developmental: Initial certification attempt(s) with the

purpose of attaining CPC status.

(2)  CPC-IT certification: Subsequent certification by a CPC

upon reporting to a new facility.

202

Section 3. Pay Rates.

a.  Bargaining unit employees assigned to terminal/en route facilities

shall have their pay determined by the ATC FPL to which they are

assigned. ATC FPLs range from ATC FPL-4 through ATC FPL-

12.

b.  The Air Traffic Control System Command Center (ATCSCC)

shall be equivalent to the highest ATC FPL.

c.  NOTAM Specialists shall be paid equivalent to the ATC FPL-8

pay band.

d.  Bargaining unit employees assigned to the Flight Service option

shall be paid in accordance with the FSS pay band.

Section 4. Additional Pay.

a.  Locality Pay: Eligible bargaining unit employees will receive

Locality Pay in addition to Basic Pay and will have their Locality

Pay adjusted annually consistent with government-wide changes

as defined in Title 5 USC Chapter 53 coincidental with the annual

pay adjustment. Basic Pay is used to calculate pay actions and then

applicable Locality Pay is applied on the Basic Pay in effect.

b.  Premium/Differential Pay:

(1)  COLA Pay/Post Differential: Eligible employees will

receive COLA Pay/Post Differential as defined by statute

and as currently administered outside the contiguous forty-

eight (48) states.

(2)  Sunday Premium Pay: Employees will earn Sunday

premium pay at an additional rate of twenty-five percent

(25%) of their hourly rate of Base Pay for all hours actually

worked on Sunday.

(3)  Night Differential: Employees will earn night differential at

an additional rate of ten percent (10%) of their hourly rate of

Base Pay for all hours actually worked between 6:00 PM

and 6:00 AM, unless otherwise provided for in this

Agreement.

203

(4)  Affordability Differential: Employees will receive an

affordability differential at an additional rate of their hourly

rate of Base Pay to offset affordability, commuting, and

other issues affecting specific locations in accordance with

Appendix K.

(5)  Overtime Pay: Employees will receive overtime pay as

defined in Article 38 of this Agreement.

(6)  Holiday Premium: Employees will receive holiday premium

pay as defined in Article 28 of this Agreement.

(7)  Controller-In-Charge (CIC) Premium:  Employees will

receive CIC premium pay as defined in Article 18 of this

Agreement.

(8)  Missed Meal Pay: Employees will receive missed meal

premium pay as defined in Article 33 of this Agreement.

(9)  On-The-Job Training Instruction (OJTI):  Employees will

receive OJTI premium pay as defined in Article 68 of this

Agreement.

(10)   Hazardous Duty Pay Differential(s):  Employees will

receive hazardous duty pay differential(s) as defined in

Article 81 of this Agreement.

(11)  Remote Site Pay: Employees permanently assigned to a

covered flight service station or those who work rotational

assignments at a covered flight service station, identified in

Appendix L, shall receive a ten percent (10%) premium

computed on Base Pay for all hours worked at a covered

facility.

(12)  Other:  Employees will be paid other premiums/differentials

in accordance with applicable statute or regulations.

Section 5. New Hire/New Entrant/Re-Entrant Pay Setting.

a.  New Hire (required to attend Initial Qualifications (IQ) Training):

Basic Pay for terminal and en route employees is set at the AG pay

band effective the day after their graduation from the FAA

Academy.

204

Basic Pay for Flight Service employees is set at the FSS IQ pay

band upon entering initial qualifications training and is set at the

FSS AG pay band upon successful completion thereof.

b.  New Hire (not required to attend Initial Qualifications Training):

Basic Pay set at the AG pay band upon the effective date of his/her

appointment to his/her facility of record.

c.  New Entrant: A new entrant will retain his/her current federal pay

up to the maximum of the Developmental-3 pay band.

d.  For a Military or DOD Civilian controller with fifty-two (52)

consecutive weeks experience as a certified air traffic controller,

Basic Pay shall be set at the lowest developmental pay level for

the assigned ATC facility upon the effective date of their

appointment to their facility of record.

e.  Re-Entrant:

(1)  CPC Re-Entrants shall be considered a CPC at their assigned

facility.

(a)

CPC Re-Entrant currently employed by the federal

government will retain current Basic Pay if it is within

the CPC pay band for the assigned ATC facility.

i.

If current Basic Pay is below the minimum of the

CPC pay band for the ATC Facility Pay Level,

pay will be raised to the minimum of the CPC pay

band. If the current Basic Pay exceeds the

established CPC pay band, pay will be set at the

top of the CPC pay band.

(b)

CPC Re-Entrants not currently employed by the

federal government will have their Basic Pay set in the

CPC pay band of the facility to which the employee is

assigned.

i.

If the previous Basic Pay is below the minimum

of the CPC pay band for the ATC Facility Pay

Level, pay will be raised to the minimum of the

CPC pay band. If the previous Basic Pay exceeds

205

the established CPC pay band, pay will be set at

the top of the CPC pay band.

(2)  Developmental Re-Entrants currently employed by the

federal government will retain their federal pay up to the

maximum of the Developmental-3 pay band.

(3)  Developmental Re-Entrants voluntarily separated for more

than one (1) year or involuntarily separated, Basic Pay shall

be set at the AG pay band.

(4)  Developmental Re-Entrants voluntarily separated for less

than one (1) year, Basic Pay shall be set at the minimum of

the Developmental stage held prior to separation. If the same

Developmental stage does not exist at the new facility,

employee’s pay is set at the minimum of the lowest

available Developmental stage above the AG level at the

new facility.

f.  When an employee qualifies in more than one of the categories in

this Section, pay will be set to provide the maximum benefit to the

employee.

Section 6. Developmental Pay Setting.

a.  The developmental pay band minimums identified in Appendix C

have been established using the following formula based on the

difference between the AG pay level minimum and the CPC pay

band minimum:

Developmental-1 (D1) = 25%

Developmental-2 (D2) = 50%

Developmental-3 (D3) = 75%

CPC = CPC band minimum

b.  Progression upward to the next developmental stage (including the

CPC pay band) will be to the minimum of the next developmental

(or CPC) pay level or a six percent (6%) increase to Basic Pay,

whichever is greater.

206

Section 7. Transfer Pay Setting.

a.  FSS employees transferring to an ATC Facility: If an FSS

employee’s Basic Pay is below the ATC FPL-5 band maximum,

the employee’s pay shall be considered as if it were an ATC FPL-

5; if an FSS employee’s Basic Pay is above the ATC FPL-5 band

maximum, the employee’s pay shall be considered as if it were an

ATC FPL-6.

b.  ATC employees transferring to an FSS: If an employee’s Basic

Pay is below the FSS pay band minimum, the employee shall be

treated as if the employee is transferring to a higher level facility;

if an employee’s Basic Pay fits within the FSS pay band, there is

no change in Basic Pay; if an employee’s Basic Pay is above the

FSS pay band maximum, the employee shall be treated as if the

employee is transferring to a lower level facility.

c.  CPC transfer to a higher level facility, pay is set as follows:

Facility Pay Level

From

FPL-4

through 10

FPL-4

through 10

FPL-11

To

FPL-4 through

10

FPL-11

through 12

FPL-12

Increase (whichever is

greater)

6%* or CPC Band

Minimum

8%* or CPC Band

Minimum

6%* or CPC Band

Minimum

Cannot exceed the new facility’s CPC band maximum.

Note: Employees whose Basic Pay exceeds the pay band

maximum of the new facility will not receive the percentage

increase; their Basic Pay will remain unchanged.

(1)  One-half (1/2) of the increase is paid upon initial transfer to

the new facility; the other one-half (1/2) is paid when fully

certified in the new facility.

d.  CPC transfer to a lower level facility:

(1)  Voluntary: Basic Pay is set at the current Basic Pay if it falls

within the new CPC pay band. If current Basic Pay is higher

than the top of the new band, Basic Pay is set at the top of the

CPC pay band.

207

(2)  Involuntary through no fault of the employee: Basic Pay is

unchanged and the employee shall be granted pay retention.

(3)  Involuntary for Cause: Basic Pay is set at the current Basic

Pay if it falls within the new CPC pay band. If current Basic

Pay is higher than the top of the new band, Basic Pay is set at

the top of the CPC pay band.

e.  Transfer to the same level facility: Basic Pay is unchanged or band

minimum, whichever is greater.

f.  Employees transferring pursuant to exercising return rights under

Article 59 of this Agreement:  Basic Pay will first be recalculated

as though the employee never left the facility at which he/she was

last fully certified prior to executing his/her first tour of duty under

Article 59 of this Agreement.  Transfer pay will then be set in

accordance with paragraphs (a) - (e) of this Section.

g.  A CPC-IT who does not achieve facility certification in the new

facility shall have his/her pay set as though the employee never

left the facility at which the employee was last fully certified.

Transfer pay will then be set in accordance with paragraphs (a) -

(e) of this Section.

h.  Developmental controller transfer:

(1)  Voluntary transfer to the same or higher level facility: Basic

Pay is unchanged.

(2)  Voluntary  transfer  to  a  lower  level  facility:  Basic  Pay  is

unchanged  if  it  falls  within  the  pay  band  of  the  same

Developmental stage of the lower level facility, not to exceed

the pay band maximum. If the same Developmental stage does

not  exist  at  the  new  facility,  employee’s  pay  is  set  at  lowest

available  Developmental  stage  at  the  new  facility,  not  to

exceed the pay band maximum.

(3)  Involuntary transfer (through no fault of the employee) to a

lower level facility: Basic Pay is unchanged and the employee

shall be granted pay retention.

208

(4)  A  developmental  controller  who  previously  transferred  to  a

new  facility  under  (1)  or  (2)  of  this  subsection,  but  does  not

achieve  facility  certification  and  is  reassigned  a  lower  level

facility  shall  have  his/her  pay  set  at  the  same  Developmental

stage  percentage  of  the  lower  level  facility’s  minimum

Developmental  stage.  If  the  same  Developmental  stage  does

not  exist  at  the  new  facility,  the  employee’s  pay  is  set  at  the

lowest available Developmental stage at the new facility, and

pay may not exceed the Developmental pay band maximum.

i.  Hardship Transfers and Transfers for Mutual Reassignment:

When a bargaining unit employee is granted a Hardship Transfer

or Transfer for Mutual Reassignment (Swap), pay is set as

follows:

(1)   CPC:

(a)  Transferring to the same or higher level facility:

i.  Basic Pay is unchanged and is not subject to the

pay band maximum at the time of transfer.

ii.

If current Basic Pay is below the CPC pay band at

the new facility, Basic Pay is set at the minimum

of the pay band upon becoming facility certified.

(b)

Transferring to a lower level facility:

i.

ii.

If current Basic Pay fits into the CPC pay band of

the lower level facility, Basic Pay remains

unchanged.

If current Basic Pay is higher than the top of the

new CPC pay band, Basic Pay is set at the top of

the new pay band.

(2)  CPC-ITs who previously transferred under Section 7(c) who

have not yet fully certified in their new facility will have their

Basic Pay recalculated as though they never left the previous

facility and then Section 7(i)(1) described above for a CPC

Hardship Transfer/Swap shall apply.

209

(3)  CPCs and CPC-ITs who transfer to a lower ATC FPL in

accordance with the rules of Section 7(i)(1)(b), and who

subsequently transfer to a higher ATC FPL within two (2)

years of the effective date of the initial transfer, will have

their pay set in accordance with the rules of Section 7(i)(1)(a)

rather than Section 7(c).

(4)  Developmentals who transfer under this subsection will have

their pay set in accordance with Section 7(h).

j.  On movement from an SSS to CPC within the same facility, pay

remains unchanged.

Section 8. Annual Adjustments to Pay Bands.

Pay bands are to be adjusted annually in the first full pay period of January

equivalent to the percentage pay schedules are adjusted for employees

under the General Schedule (GS).

Section 9. Annual Pay Adjustments.

a.  Each employee will receive an annual increase to Basic Pay

equivalent to that provided to other federal employees in the

annual adjustment to pay under the statutory General Schedule

(GS) increase  effective the first full pay period in January.

b.  Each employee will receive an annual length of service adjustment

of one-point-six percent (1.6%) to Basic Pay, not to exceed the

pay band maximum, effective the first full pay period in June.  If

the length of service adjustment will cause the employee’s Basic

Pay to exceed the band maximum or the employee’s Basic Pay is

already equal to or exceeds the band maximum, the employee will

receive a pay increase up to the band maximum and the remainder

as a lump sum payment, effective the first full pay period in June.

The annual length of service adjustment to Basic Pay shall not be

granted in any year in which a prohibition on step increases under

the General Schedule (GS) is enacted by statute.

Section 10. Facility Pay Level Increase.

a.  CPCs/TMCs/TMSs in a facility whose ATC FPL increases will

have their Basic Pay increased by six percent (6%) for each level

210

the facility is raised up to the new pay band maximum or to the

new pay band minimum, whichever is greater.

b.  CPC-ITs/TMC-ITs/TMS-ITs in a facility whose ATC FPL

increases will have their Basic Pay increased by six percent (6%)

for each level the facility is raised up to the pay band maximum

and will continue to receive the other one-half (1/2) of the transfer

pay when certified in the new facility.

c.  Developmentals in a facility whose ATC FPL increases will have

their current developmental Basic Pay increased by six percent

(6%) per level up to the pay band maximum and subsequent

developmental pay sets will be recalculated to correspond with the

new ATC FPL.

Section 11. Facility Pay Level Decrease.

Bargaining unit employees whose ATC FPL decreases shall be granted

ATC FPL and pay retention as follows:

a.  ATC Facility Pay Level Retention: Employees assigned to the

facility on the effective date and transfers whose selection has

been approved at the Service Area level on or before the effective

date of the level decrease shall retain the previous higher level

CPC pay band for two (2) years from the effective date of the

decrease. Transfers whose selection was approved at the Service

Area level after the effective date and new hires assigned to the

facility after the effective date shall be paid in accordance with the

newly applicable pay band.

b.  Pay Retention: At the expiration of ATC FPL Retention,

employees assigned to the facility shall be entitled to Pay

Retention. If Basic Pay exceeds the newly applicable CPC band

maximum, employees shall receive fifty percent (50%) of the

annual increase, identified in Section 9(a) of this Article, as an

adjustment to Basic Pay and fifty percent (50%) will be paid as a

lump sum payment.

Section 12. Controller Incentive Pay (CIP).

a.  All employees assigned to facilities eligible to receive CIP will

receive payment at the facility-specific rate. The total amount of

funds available in the CIP pool, in fiscal years 2016 and beyond,

211

shall be fixed at $30,000,000 per fiscal year, except as provided in

this Section.

b.  In any fiscal year that CIP payments will exceed the fixed amount,

as adjusted by any over or under payment from the prior fiscal

year, the Parties shall meet to collaboratively determine whether

to:

(1)  Terminate CIP payments effective the pay period prior to

exceeding the fixed amount; or

(2)  Terminate CIP payments at the conclusion of the pay period in

which the fixed amount is exceeded.

The fixed amount of CIP available in the subsequent fiscal year

will be adjusted by an amount equivalent to any over or under

payment of the prior year’s fixed amount resulting from the

application of this Section.

The Agency will provide the Union with at least thirty (30) days

advance notice of the stopping date and all data/information relied

upon in making the determination to stop CIP payments.  In the

event CIP payments are terminated before the end of the fiscal

year, the Agency will notify the Union of the total CIP paid during

the fiscal year and the net underpayment/overpayment amount

within thirty (30) days after the end of the fiscal year.

c.  Except due to the application of subsection (b)(1) of this Section,

if the total amount of the payments in any fiscal year is less than

$30,000,000, it shall not result in a forfeiture of the remaining

funds. The Parties at the national level will collaboratively

determine how to allocate the remaining funds to the Air Traffic

Control Specialist, Traffic Management Coordinator/Specialist,

and NOTAM Specialist bargaining unit(s), for the purpose of

attracting and retaining employees at targeted facilities.

d.  In the event the CIP program is amended prior to the end of a

fiscal year, payment of CIP for the remainder of that fiscal year

will be in accordance with any subsequent agreement.

212

Section 13. Promotions/Demotions.

a.  Following the conclusion of a temporary promotion, the

employee’s previous Basic Pay and Union determined seniority

will be reinstated as though the employee had never left the

bargaining unit position previously assigned without accruing

seniority for the duration of the temporary promotion.

b.  When a former bargaining unit employee is demoted to a

bargaining unit position, Basic Pay is set in the new pay band as if

the employee never left their bargaining unit position.

c.  Demotions are not applicable within or from the CPC career level.

ARTICLE 109

WAIVER OF OVERPAYMENTS

Section 1. An employee may request a waiver and/or a hearing to

challenge the validity of any indebtedness or erroneous payment of pay or

allowances or of travel, transportation, or relocation allowances in

accordance with FAA Order 2770.2.

Section 2. No monies shall be collected or withheld for any indebtedness

or erroneous payment until final adjudication of any waiver, hearing, or

appeals request.

ARTICLE 110

VETERANS RIGHTS

Section 1. The Agency agrees to comply with the Uniformed Services

Employment and Reemployment Rights Act (USERRA) as required by 38

USC Chapter 43.

Section 2. The Agency shall post the provisions of USERRA in all

facilities.

213

ARTICLE 111

PAY ADMINISTRATION

Section 1. Promotions to positions within the unit, including those

resulting from facility classification changes, increases in Facility Pay

Level(s), employee transfers, and developmental pay progressions, shall be

effective the next calendar day after the employee becomes fully eligible.

Section 2. When an employee becomes entitled to two (2) or more pay

changes at the same time, the changes shall be effected in the order that

gives him/her the maximum benefit.

ARTICLE 112

CORRECTIVE ACTION REQUESTS/PLANS

Section 1. Corrective Action Requests (CAR), herein referred to as

National Quality Assurance (QA) Corrective Action Requests, will only be

initiated at the national level. Corrective Action Plans (CAP) will only be

initiated by the Agency at the national or local level when safety concerns

are identified and corrective action is required at a facility, or in response

to a national QA CAR.

Section 2. The Union may designate a National Safety Representative in

accordance with Article 114 of this Agreement.

Section 3. National Quality Assurance CAR/CAP Process: The Agency

will collaborate with the Union’s National Safety Representative, or his/her

designee, in the identification of CARs and the development and

implementation of CAPs, as well as the review of the effectiveness of

implemented mitigations prior to the closure of a National Quality

Assurance CAR and/or CAP.

Section 4. Non-ATSAP Terminal/En Route Facility CAP Process: The

Agency will collaborate with the Facility Representative, or his/her

designee, in the development and implementation of CAPs, as well as the

review of the effectiveness of mitigations prior to the closure of a CAP at a

terminal/en route facility.

Section 5. The Agency will collaborate with the Union at the appropriate

level if there is a need to amend a CAP developed at the local level.

214

Section 6. If the Parties cannot achieve consensus during any phase of the

CAR/CAP process, they shall follow the provisions identified in Section 7

of Article 114 of this Agreement.

ARTICLE 113

RUNWAY SAFETY

Section 1. The Parties agree that prevention of runway incursions is a top

priority and acknowledge the value of runway safety initiatives in

addressing runway safety problems/issues.

Section 2.  The Union may designate one (1) National Runway Safety

Representative in accordance with Article 114 of this Agreement.

Section 3. At the facility level, the Principal Facility Representative, or

his/her designee, shall be afforded the opportunity to participate in all local

runway safety meetings.

Section 4. Once the facility Air Traffic Manager is notified of the yearly

runway safety meeting schedules, he/she shall notify the Facility

Representative. The Agency shall notify the facility at least thirty (30)

days prior to the scheduled runway safety meeting(s) unless an exigency

exists.

Section 5. The Surface Incident Prevention Plan (SIPP), also known as the

Runway Safety Action Plan (RSAP), shall be provided to the Union’s

National Runway Safety Representative and the respective Facility

Representative concurrently with its submission to the Facility Manager.

ARTICLE 114

COLLABORATION

Section 1. The Parties agree that in order to lay the foundation for the

aerospace system of the future and to make a difference for our

stakeholders, while addressing the challenges that a changing industry

presents, we must harness the collective strength of our employees. To that

end, the Parties agree to work collaboratively to modernize and improve

the National Airspace System (NAS), and to enhance the work life and

productivity of employees.

215

Section 2. For the purpose of this Agreement, collaboration means both

Parties taking responsibility to engage in meaningful dialogue with their

counterpart(s). This includes making a genuine effort to ensure that both

Parties’ interests have been identified and as many as possible have been

addressed before an outcome is determined.  Through collaboration, the

Parties share a common respect for the rights and responsibilities of the

Union and the Agency.  Collaboration shall be not construed as a waiver of

any Union or Agency right.

Section 3. The Parties agree that it is mutually beneficial for the Union to

be involved in workgroups established at the local, regional, or national

level to collaborate with the Agency to accomplish the objectives

identified in Section 1. Further, it is in the best interest of the Parties to

resolve or minimize any issues so as to ultimately provide for more timely

resolution.

Section 4. When either Party at the local, regional, or national level,

identifies a need for a workgroup(s) to accomplish the objectives identified

in Section 1, they shall promptly notify the other Party as to their desire to

establish a workgroup(s).

Section 5. When the Parties agree to establish a workgroup(s), they will

collaborate on the scope of the workgroup, which shall be defined in

writing and communicated to each member prior to the commencement of

business. At a minimum, scoping documents will include the number of

workgroup participants, designation of co-leads, and the extent to which

the workgroup is empowered to make decisions or recommendations.

Separate scoping documents may be developed by the workgroup co-leads

to establish and empower subgroups, when appropriate.

Section 6. Workgroups will include bargaining unit employees designated

by the Union, in consultation with the Agency.  Employees shall be in a

duty status for all workgroup activities and shall be afforded sufficient

duty time to travel for meetings and related activities.  Union designated

workgroup members and/or representatives will be provided access to the

same information as any other workgroup member.

Section 7. Workgroups established by this Agreement will make decisions

or recommendations by consensus. For the purpose of this Agreement,

consensus is defined as the voluntary agreement of all representatives of

the workgroup for a particular outcome. If the workgroup is unable to

reach consensus, the co-leads are authorized to reach agreement.

Agreements reached by the workgroup(s) shall be reduced to writing and

216

shall be binding on both Parties, provided they are within the defined

scope.  If the co-leads are unable to reach an agreement, either Party may

pursue whatever course of action is available in accordance with Article 7

of this Agreement, the Federal Service Labor-Management Relations

Statue, and any other law, rule, or regulation.

Section 8. When either Party identifies a need for a national

representative(s), they shall promptly notify the other Party.  When the

Parties at the national level agree that there is a need for a national

representative(s) to accomplish the objectives identified in Section 1, the

Union shall designate the representative(s), in consultation with the

Agency. Employees serving as national representatives shall be in a duty

status unless otherwise agreed to by the Parties.

Section 9. When a national representative is established, the Parties will

collaboratively identify, at a minimum, the following: the specific duties to

be performed; location of the position; the duty time necessary to meet the

responsibilities; and the anticipated duration of the assignment. If the

Agency has determined that Extended Temporary Duty Travel Tax

Reimbursement Allowance (ETTRA) will not be offered, employee

temporary duty travel shall be for periods of less than one (1) year. These

agreements shall be reduced to writing for each national representative

position established.

Section 10. Within ninety (90) days of the signing of this Agreement, the

Parties at the local, regional, or national level, as appropriate, shall meet to

review existing workgroup scoping documents to ensure compliance with

this Article. Until the review is complete, the Parties agree to maintain the

existing workgroups and associated scoping documents.

Section 11.  Within ninety (90) days of the signing of this Agreement, the

Parties shall meet to review the national representative positions not

identified in this Agreement.  Until the review is complete, the Parties

agree to maintain the existing national representatives.

Section 12. Within ninety (90) days of the signing of this Agreement, the

Parties shall meet to establish/review written agreements for the national

representative positions identified in this Agreement.

217

ARTICLE 115

AUTOMATED EXTERNAL DEFIBRILLATION (AED)

Section 1. The Agency agrees to continue the Public Access to

Defibrillation (PAD) program at those facilities that already have

defibrillation units in place.  This program will be administered in

accordance with Department of Health and Human Services and General

Services Administration guidelines. The Agency shall provide oversight,

maintenance, and training of the PAD program.

Section 2. Within thirty (30) days of the signing of this Agreement, the

Parties will meet to discuss funding the expansion of the PAD program.

Until all facilities with ten (10) or more Agency employees and contractors

are equipped with AED(s), the Parties will meet annually to discuss

funding the expansion of the PAD program.

ARTICLE 116

CHILD CARE SUBSIDY

Section 1. The Parties recognize the desirability of reducing the expense

borne by lower-income families to obtain child care for children age

thirteen (13) or under or who are disabled and under the age of eighteen

(18). Bargaining unit employees shall be eligible to participate in the

Agency's child care subsidy program in accordance with the provisions of

HRPM WLB-12.1, FAA HROI entitled “Process for Applying for the

Child Care Subsidy Program," Public Law 107-67, Sec. 630, and this

Article. The Agency shall provide a child care subsidy to eligible

employees whose total family income does not exceed $72,983. Total

family income is defined as the income of the child's parent(s)/guardian(s)

living in the same household as the child, and listed on their IRS tax forms

as their Adjusted Gross Income.

Section 2. The subsidies will be provided in accordance with the following

scale:

Family Income

Over $72,983

$60,820-$72,983

$45,615-$60,819

$45,614 or less

218

Percentage of Total Child Care Costs

Paid By the Agency

0%

30%

45%

70%

Section 3. The family income ceilings for each subsidy level in Section 2

include the locality-based comparability payment for the Washington, DC

locality pay area. The income ceilings shall be adjusted annually to reflect

any increase in the locality rate for the Washington, DC locality pay area.

Section 4. The subsidy will be paid directly to the child care provider.

Section 5. The employee shall be responsible for any tax liability.

Section 6. The employee and service provider shall provide the

administrator of the program all of the information necessary to process

payments in accordance with FAA HROI entitled “Process for Applying

for the Child Care Subsidy Program,” dated June 1, 2008.

Section 7. For the purposes of this Article, “child” is defined as:

a.  a biological child who lives with the employee;

b.  an adopted child who lives with the employee;

c.  a stepchild who lives with the employee;

d.  a foster child who lives with the employee;

e.  a child for whom a judicial determination of support has been

obtained; and/or

f.  a child to whose support the employee, who is a parent or legal

guardian, makes regular and substantial contributions.

ARTICLE 117

DEPENDENT EDUCATION

AT NON-CONUS LOCATIONS

Section 1. Unless prohibited by law, the Agency shall certify as eligible to

attend the Department of Defense Elementary and Secondary Schools

(DDESS) program the dependent children of all bargaining unit employees

attaining school age currently assigned to any facility outside the

Continental United States (CONUS) where the Secretary of Defense has

determined, under his/her authority under 10 USC 2164(a), that the

219

appropriate educational programs are not available through the local

educational Agency.

Section 2. Upon registration documentation of enrollment being provided

to the appropriate Agency official, the Agency shall promptly make

payment to the institution for tuition.

ARTICLE 118

OPERATIONAL PLANNING AND SCHEDULING TOOL

Section 1. The Parties agree to implement the Operational Planning and

Scheduling (OPAS) tool, which includes OPAS and OPAS Lite at all field

facilities (collectively referred to as “OPAS”).

Section 2. Within ninety (90) days of the signing of this Agreement, the

Parties at the national level will review the application parameters listed in

Appendix M, determine which parameters must be set in accordance with

this Agreement, and collaborate on the remaining parameter settings. Once

annually, the Parties at the national level will review the parameter settings

and collaboratively make adjustments as necessary. The Parties will

determine the application parameters that may be modified collaboratively

at the local level.

The Parties at the national level will collaborate on other duty (detail) shift

designations that will be reflected in OPAS.

Section 3. Any enhancements and/or updates to OPAS will be addressed

by the Parties at the national level.

Section 4. The Union may designate a National OPAS Representative in

accordance with Article 114 of this Agreement. The Union’s National

OPAS Representative shall work in collaboration with the Agency's

Program Manager for the OPAS Program Management Office.

Section 5. Within ninety (90) days of the signing of this Agreement, the

Parties at the national level shall establish a joint National OPAS

Implementation workgroup in accordance with Article 114 of this

Agreement. The workgroup shall consist of at least three (3) members

from each Party.  The Union’s National OPAS Representative and the

Agency's Program Manager for the OPAS Program Management Office

shall be the co-leads of the National OPAS Implementation workgroup.

The national co-leads will designate members of the national workgroup to

220

participate in the activities of the Implementation and Deployment, and

Program Support functions.  Except for the national co-leads, workgroup

members will also serve as members of the national OPAS training cadre

as described in Section 6 of this Article. The National OPAS

Implementation workgroup will place a priority on implementing OPAS at

facilities listed in Appendix N within a period of eighteen (18) months

from the beginning of training at the first site.

Section 6. The national OPAS training cadre will consist of four (4) teams.

Each team will be comprised of the following: one (1) Union, one (1)

Agency, and one (1) additional instructor. The national OPAS training

teams will jointly provide facility training to a maximum of ten (10)

participants. The National OPAS Implementation workgroup will advise

the Parties at the local level of the number of allocated slots for their

facility. The Parties at the local level will collaboratively identify the

number of Agency and Union participants.

The participants from each facility shall be designated as the local OPAS

training cadre and will consist of teams comprised of one (1) Union and

one (1) Agency participant. The local OPAS training team(s) will jointly

provide training to all employees within their facility. All training and

related activities shall be conducted on duty time.

Section 7. Bargaining unit employees (BUE) will be assigned one (1) or

more of the following authorization levels and associated rights:

a.  Principal Facility Representative (PFR)

b.  Scheduler

c.  Bidding Administration

d.  CIC+/CIC

e.  BUE

The highest associated right(s) shall apply for BUEs with more than one

(1) authorization level.

The authorization levels identified in this Section and their associated

rights are defined in the OPAS Authorization Level Agreement, effective

on the date of this Agreement.  The Parties at the national level shall

221

negotiate any changes to authorization levels and associated rights, as

appropriate.

Section 8. Employees will not be required to maintain an FAA email

address in order to access OPAS or to receive notifications.

Section 9. Employees shall be provided the ability to view OPAS outside

of the firewall on PCs, Macs, and mobile devices.

Section 10. Employees may receive notifications via non-FAA email

address and/or text message.  Employees shall not be required to

participate in the electronic notification features (e.g. text messaging,

email) contained within OPAS.

Section 11. Messages received via OPAS will not serve as official

notification of approval or denial of a shift and/or days off change or

exchange.

NOTE: The following provisions apply to facilities where OPAS is

scheduled to be deployed and implemented.

Section 12. The Parties at the local level shall collaborate on any

modifications to the parameter settings delegated by the Parties at the

national level, in accordance with Section 2 of this Article.  Once annually,

the Parties at the local level will review these parameter settings and

collaboratively make adjustments as necessary.

Section 13.  To the extent practicable, ninety (90) days, but in no case less

than sixty (60) days, prior to the deployment of OPAS at a facility, the

Parties at the local level shall establish an OPAS implementation

workgroup consisting of two (2) co-leads: one (1) Union representative

and one (1) Agency representative.  If necessary, the Parties at the local

level may designate additional workgroup participants, in accordance with

Article 114 of this Agreement.

At a minimum, the local OPAS implementation workgroup shall address

transitioning from existing scheduling tools (e.g. WMT scheduler, paper

schedules) to OPAS, the placement of OPAS equipment, and timelines for

training on the OPAS tool. Employees will receive OPAS training prior to

implementation in their facility/area.

222

Section 14. Designated Union representatives shall be invited to

participate in all briefings and meetings at the local level regarding the use

of OPAS by bargaining unit employees.

Section 15. The Agency agrees to provide bargaining unit employees with

computers that have printer access, and duty time to print/view their

schedule and related information contained within OPAS.

Section 16. OPAS shall be used to maintain the overtime roster(s) in

accordance with Article 38 of this Agreement as follows:

a.  The roster(s) of qualified BUEs who have indicated a desire to

work overtime for each facility/area will be maintained in OPAS.

b.  The roster(s) shall contain, at a minimum: employee name, total

time (hours/minutes; assigned plus declined), and the result of the

call (voicemail, no answer, assigned, excused, declined, and

remarks, as appropriate).

c.  When utilizing call up overtime, OPAS shall be used to record, at

a minimum, the date and time the overtime call was made, the

overtime shift being offered, the identification of the individual

who made the call, and the result of the call.

d.  OPAS shall be used to maintain the facility/area overtime phone

list.  The facility/area overtime phone list shall allow two (2)

contact numbers per employee.  If the employee is not directly

contacted using the first number, the second number shall be

called.

e.  OPAS shall be used to track any assignments to employees not

listed on the volunteer roster to ensure such assignments are made

on an equitable basis.

f.  The Agency shall ensure overtime roster(s) are up-to-date and

accessible to the operational area(s) on a daily basis. The roster

and distribution of overtime provided for in this Article shall be

available to bargaining unit employees.

g.  OPAS will provide the ability to track the assignment of overtime

duties in hour and/or minute increments, as appropriate.

223

Section 17. The overtime function(s) in OPAS will be used unless it

conflicts or is not compatible with the locally negotiated procedures.

Section 18. If agreed to by the Parties at the local level, OPAS shall be

used for entering Prime Time Leave/Non-Prime Time Leave (PTL/NPTL)

bids/requests in accordance with Article 24 of this Agreement.  Locally

negotiated PTL/NPTL opportunities shall be annotated in OPAS.

Section 19.  Unless otherwise negotiated locally, all annual leave requests

in excess of the locally negotiated PTL/NPTL opportunities, including spot

leave, shall be submitted via OPAS. When OPAS is not accessible, such

requests shall be submitted to a FLM/CIC.  When the leave request is

submitted to a FLM/CIC, the FLM/CIC receiving the request will enter the

request into OPAS.  Leave request(s), submitted either verbally or in

writing, shall be recorded in OPAS in the order in which they were

received and shall indicate the time it was requested.  Annual leave

approvals/disapprovals will be handled in accordance with Article 24 of

this Agreement.

Section 20. All requests for schedule and shift/RDO change

requests/swaps shall be submitted via OPAS. When OPAS is not

accessible, such requests shall be submitted to a FLM/CIC.  When the

request is submitted to a FLM/CIC, the FLM/CIC receiving the request

will enter the request into OPAS.  Request(s), submitted either verbally or

in writing, shall be recorded in OPAS in the order in which they were

received and shall indicate the time the request was made.

Section 21. In the event OPAS is unavailable due to a technical problem,

the FLM/CIC shall record any requests (e.g. shift change, swap, leave

requests) using an alternative method as agreed to by the Parties at the

local level, in chronological order, along with the date and time of the

request.  The tracking and assignment of overtime shall be recorded using

an alternative method as agreed to by the Parties at the local level.  The

FLM/CIC shall enter the tracking and assignments of overtime that

occurred during the OPAS outage as soon as practicable.

ARTICLE 119

COVERED EVENT REVIEW

Section 1. For accidents where an ATSAP report has been filed, facilities

must follow the provisions of JO 7200.20 and Appendix O of this

Agreement.

224

Section 2. When an event is determined to be Red and/or an Event

Response Team (ERT) is to be launched, the Event Response Group

(ERG) will notify via email the Union’s National Safety Representative.

The notification will include the planned location(s), dates, and scope of

the investigation.

Section 3. If an employee is to be interviewed by the Event Investigations

Manager (EIM)/ERT, the Principal Facility Representative, or his/her

designee, will be present if the employee so requests.

Section 4. When the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) will

convene an Air Traffic Control Workgroup, the ERG will notify via email

the Union’s Air Safety Investigators (ASI) Chair.

Section 5. The Principal Facility Representative, or his/her designee, will

be afforded the opportunity to attend any in-brief and out-brief regarding

an on-site investigation conducted by the EIM/ERT.

Section 6. Following notification of a designated Red event, the ERG

Manager and the Union’s National Safety Representative will evaluate

whether Union participation beyond the local activities described in this

Article is desirable and appropriate.  This determination is independent of

whether the NTSB conducts an investigation into the same event and the

Union is granted Party Status.

Section 7. When an event is designated Yellow or Red, facilities must

conduct a System Service Review (SSR) in accordance with JO 7210.634,

Section 3-2, and SSR.

ARTICLE 120

ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATION

Section 1. Within one hundred eighty (180) days of the signing of this

Agreement, the Parties agree to establish a workgroup to explore the

feasibility of implementing electronic communications between the Union

and the Agency, and the Agency and bargaining unit employees. This

workgroup shall consist of at least three (3) members from each Party.

Recommendations reached within the workgroup shall be referred to the

Parties at the national level.

225

ARTICLE 121

ELECTRIC VEHICLE SUPPLY EQUIPMENT (EVSE)

Section 1.  Within one hundred eighty (180) days of the signing of this

Agreement, the Union and Agency shall establish a workgroup to study the

feasibility of providing Level 2 (240v AC) charging receptacles and/or

allowing the use of 110/120v AC electrical receptacles for plug-in electric

vehicle (PEV) charging units for bargaining unit employees to use at work

on a reimbursable basis consistent with 42 USC 6364.

ARTICLE 122

PARTNERSHIP FOR SAFETY

Section 1. The Parties agree that a collaborative approach to addressing

safety issues is in the best interest of the flying public, and will assist in the

overall goal of identifying and mitigating risks before an incident or

accident occurs.

Section 2. The Union may designate a National Partnership for Safety

Representative in accordance with Article 114 of this Agreement. The

Union’s National Partnership for Safety Representative shall work in

collaboration with the Agency's National Partnership for Safety (PFS)

Team Lead.

Section 3. The Parties agree to maintain joint collaborative Local Safety

Councils (LSC) at each facility. The LSCs shall consist of one (1) Union

participant and one (1) Agency participant.  By mutual agreement, the

Parties at the local level may designate additional participants on the LSC.

Union participants will be afforded duty time, if otherwise in a duty status,

to participate in PFS activities (e.g. meetings, data review, preparing PFS

documentation, etc.).

Section 4. LSC participants will be provided training on the use of the PFS

data portal and Best Practices/Lessons Learned database.

Section 5. Information provided on the PFS data portal shall be used to

assist in identifying, resolving, or monitoring systemic or organizational

safety issues.  This information may not be used to attribute an occurrence

to an employee, to identify an individual employee, or be used for

Individual Performance Management purposes.

226

Section 6. All Union participants shall be provided the same level of

access to the information provided on the PFS data portal as their Agency

counterpart.

Section 7. The PFS Program shall be administered in accordance with JO

7200.21.

ARTICLE 123

SAFETY MANAGEMENT SYSTEM

Section 1. Whenever the Agency determines to convene a Safety Risk

Management Panel (SRMP) or a Safety Risk Management Working Group

(SRMW) at the local, regional, or national level to evaluate an issue

involving the work of bargaining unit employees, the Union, as a

stakeholder, shall be invited to participate.

Section 2. When a SRMP or SRMW is convened, to the extent practicable,

the Union at the appropriate level shall normally be provided with thirty

(30) days notice prior to the scheduling of a panel.

Section 3.  The Agency shall not be responsible for any costs incurred by

Union participants on an SRMP except for:

a.  Reimbursement of mileage for local travel in accordance with the

FAATP when a Government Owned Vehicle (GOV) is not

available.

b.  Travel costs in accordance with the FAATP, when the Union is

provided with less than fifteen (15) days notice for SRMPs at the

regional and national level.

Section 4. Union representatives shall be in a duty status, if otherwise in a

duty status, to participate on an SRMP and/or SRMW and related

activities, including travel.

Section 5. A briefing package will be provided to the SRMP participant(s)

in advance of the scheduled meeting, and the participant(s) will be

afforded sufficient time to review the document(s) in a duty status. The

briefing package should include an invitation, an agenda, briefing

materials, and directions to the meeting. All documents should be shared

with the SRMP members sufficiently in advance of the panel meeting.

227

Section 6. Union representatives selected to be an SRMP participant must

have completed the SRMP participant training.  This training will take

place in a duty status prior to the SRMP he/she is participating on.

Section 7. The Union’s National Safety Representative, and/or his/her

designee, will be provided the opportunity to receive the Safety Risk

Management Practitioner course training while in a duty status.

Section 8. If the Union representative does not concur with the findings of

the SRMP or SRMW, he/she may submit written comments to the Agency.

The Agency shall consider these comments in their deliberations and shall

append them to the final SRMD or SRMDM, as appropriate.

ARTICLE 124

PRIORITY PLACEMENT

Section 1. Any employee at a Facility Pay Level 10-12, who has a

minimum of fifteen (15) consecutive years as a CPC at his/her current

facility, shall have attained priority placement status for inter-facility

ingrade/downgrade bargaining unit vacancies/positions. The employee

shall not normally be eligible to receive any permanent change of station

(PCS) benefits unless the selection was made in conjunction with a

vacancy announcement where PCS benefits were authorized. In that case,

the individual requesting voluntary transfer shall be entitled to the same

benefits as advertised on the vacancy announcement. The provisions of

this Article do not apply for vacancies/positions that are filled in

accordance with Article 42, Section 1(a) of this Agreement.

Section 2. Employees who meet the requirements of Section 1 may submit

applications in accordance with Article 42, Section 5 of this Agreement.

The front of each application must be clearly marked by the employee:

"Filed under Article 124, Priority Placement, for a position at (specify

facility identifier)." In addition, the employee shall forward a copy of the

application to each facility to which the applicant desires consideration

under this Agreement.

Section 3. Priority placement means the selection and placement of an

employee in a specific bargaining unit position at a specific facility

requested by the employee. Priority placement occurs prior to the

consideration of candidates from all other competitive and non-

competitive applications, but after placement of employees in accordance

228

with law and Section 4 of HRPM EMP 1.9 (August 23, 2012), training

failures, and hardship transfers.

Section 4. In the event that two (2) or more employees are entitled to

priority placement status for a specific bargaining unit position at a

specific facility, the Agency shall request that the Union provide the

seniority ranking for each applicant and the most senior applicant shall be

selected and placed in the position.

Section 5. Selected employees shall be released to begin their new

positions as soon as practicable. This shall occur no later than six (6)

months from the date of selection, unless otherwise requested by the

employee, but in no case later than twelve (12) months from selection.

Section 6. Employee requests under this Article shall remain active for

twenty-four (24) months.  If no selection has been made within that period,

the employee may reapply.

Section 7. If a priority placement status candidate is not placed in the

vacancy, the Agency shall prepare a written narrative statement listing all

reasons for non-placement. The Agency shall submit such written narrative

to the employee’s Service Area Director with a copy to the employee and

the Union at the employee’s current facility within seven (7) days of a

non-placement determination.

ARTICLE 125

HAZARDOUS MATERIALS AND CHEMICALS

Section 1. The Agency is committed to protecting employees from

exposure to hazardous materials and chemicals as defined by Occupational

Safety and Health Standards (29 CFR 1910), Safety and Health

Regulations for Construction (29 CFR 1926), and the Air Traffic

Organization (ATO) Indoor Air Quality (IAQ) Program Implementation

Requirements.

Section 2. In the event that a facility is planning a construction project that

may affect bargaining unit employees, the Principal Facility

Representative, or his/her designee, shall be given a pre- and post-briefing

on the construction project and be permitted to participate in all

remediation project meetings. Additionally, the Principal Facility

Representative will be permitted to attend any management briefings at the

facility concerning employee exposure monitoring (e.g. air sampling, mold

229

sampling) and associated data.  In the event that the facility's Occupant

Emergency Plan/Emergency Action Plan (OEP/EAP) will be affected by

the construction project, the Parties at the local level will collaborate on

any changes.

If, during the construction project, there is a release of any hazardous

materials or chemicals, the Principal Facility Representative, or his/her

designee, shall be immediately notified, will receive periodic progress

reviews as appropriate, and will be provided copies of all documents

concerning the release. Upon request, the Principal Facility Representative

shall be given an explanation of these reports. In addition, the Union may

appoint a representative on each shift to receive copies of all employee

exposure monitoring reports as soon as they can be made available. Upon

request, the Union’s Industrial Hygienist shall be permitted to attend

meetings under this Section.

Section 3. Exposure assessments/monitoring conducted by the Agency in

connection with construction projects will be handled in accordance with

29 CFR 1926 and the ATO IAQ Program Implementation Requirements.

Section 4. The objectives of employee exposure monitoring by the Agency

in connection with construction projects are as follows:

a.

b.

to determine if potential contaminants (e.g. dust, mold, volatile

organic materials) are exposing occupants to levels above

established recommended levels or legal standards.

to determine if construction controls (e.g. contaminants, barriers,

administrative controls) are protecting occupants from potential

contaminants.

Section 5. Any evidence of visible release and/or exposure of employees

to inhalation, ingestion, skin absorption, or contact with any material or

chemicals, at or above FAA/OSHA safety limits, shall result in immediate

control steps by the Agency to remediate the hazard.

Section 6. The Agency and all remediation contractors hired must comply

with all applicable OSHA, EPA, FAA, local, and state regulations

regarding hazardous materials and chemicals as defined by 29 CFR

1926.59 and 29 CFR 1910.1200.

230

Section 7. If protection measures will not provide adequate protection of

occupants, the Agency will relocate bargaining unit employees outside of

the affected work area while the construction work is being completed.

Section 8. In the event that relocation is not required/possible, the

remediation contractor will seal off the remediation area, when required in

accordance with the ATO IAQ Program Implementation Requirements,

with a negative pressure enclosure. When negative pressure enclosures are

used, the contractor will ensure and maintain negative pressure at all times.

Section 9.  Decontamination facilities will be provided for construction

projects, where required by the ATO IAQ Program Implementation

Requirements. The Agency shall ensure strict decontamination procedures

will be enforced to ensure that workers cannot bring any contaminants into

the clean area(s).

Section 10. The remediation area will not be reoccupied until a post-

remediation evaluation has been conducted in accordance with the ATO

IAQ Program Implementation Requirements.  The criteria for post-

remediation evaluation will depend on the contaminants involved.  The

Agency will determine the appropriate test and criteria in consultation with

the Union’s Certified Industrial Hygienist (CIH). Mold clearance testing

shall be conducted in accordance with the ATO IAQ Program

Implementation Requirements.

Section 11. The Union, at its own expense, may designate an Industrial

Hygienist to observe the work of the contractor and the Agency’s Safety

and Health Specialist.

Section 12. Bargaining unit employees shall be eligible for medical

surveillance programs paid for by the Agency based on permissible

exposure limits set forth in 29 CFR 1910.

231

APPENDIX A

COMPLEXITY FORMULA FOR PAY SETTING

Air Traffic

Control

Complexity Formula for

Terminal and En Route

Pay Setting by Facility

232

TABLE OF CONTENTS

STATEMENT OF COVERAGE

FUTURE ADJUSTMENTS TO THE EVALUATION CRITERIA

APPLICATION OF COMPLEXITY FORMULA FOR PAY SETTING

CATEGORIES OF AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL FACILITIES

THE INFLUENCE OF ENVIRONMENTAL AND OPERATIONAL

COMPLEXITY FACTORS

THE INFLUENCE OF TRAFFIC CONGESTION ON COMPLEXITY

COMPLEXITY FORMULA — SUSTAINED TRAFFIC INDEX

FLIGHT OPERATIONS COUNTED

WEIGHTING AND MODIFYING THE TRAFFIC COUNT TO

REFLECT COMPLEXITY

PART I – TOWER

PART II – APPROACH CONTROL

PART III – EN ROUTE

ADMINISTRATION OF THE STANDARD

1.  MINIMIZING UNWARRANTED FACILITY PAY LEVEL

FLUCTUATIONS

2.  RAISING FACILITY PAY LEVELS

3.  LOWERING FACILITY PAY LEVELS

APPEAL PROCESS

COMPLEXITY FORMULA FOR PAY SETTING GLOSSARY

APPENDIX 1 – COMPLEXITY BASED PAY LEVELS

233

STATEMENT OF COVERAGE

This pay setting standard is limited to the employees covered by the

Collective Bargaining Agreement between NATCA and the FAA for Air

Traffic Control Specialists (ATCSs), Traffic Management

Coordinators/Specialists (TMC/Ss), and NOTAM Specialists (NOTAMs).

Note: When terminal and en route air traffic control specialists are

temporarily assigned to uncovered positions, their position of record

remains covered by this complexity formula for pay setting standard.

FUTURE ADJUSTMENTS TO THE EVALUATION CRITERIA

Because of the many variables that may affect the difficulty and

complexity of air traffic control work (such as future technological

changes, changes in the aviation industry, and modification or extension of

air traffic control services), it may be necessary to periodically adjust the

air traffic density and complexity measures for different categories of

facilities.

While there is currently a linkage of the conceptual descriptions of the

various facility pay setting levels with their associated index ranges, this

linkage is not expected to last indefinitely. The continued validity of this

linkage will be regularly assessed by NATCA and FAA. The Parties will

negotiate changes to the complexity formula and/or Facility Pay Levels

(FPL) resulting from data source changes used in determining facility

traffic count indices and FPLs. No changes to FPLs due to data source

changes will be implemented until negotiations have been completed.

APPLICATION OF COMPLEXITY FORMULA FOR PAY

SETTING

The complexity formula for pay setting applies to each facility as a whole.

Facility complexity-formula-based pay levels (breakpoints) are provided in

Appendix 1. Employees’ pay is set in accordance with Article 108 of the

Parties’ Collective Bargaining Agreement and the pay level of the facility

to which the employee is assigned.

CATEGORIES OF AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL FACILITIES

There are five (5) types of ATC facilities that have been classified by the

Agency. They have been identified by the control services provided. Any

234

changes to these classifications require appropriate negotiations in

accordance with the Parties’ Collective Bargaining Agreement:

1.  Tower;

2.  Approach Control;

3.  Tower and Approach Control (Up/Down);

4.  Combined Control Facility (CCF); and

5.  Air Route Traffic Control Center (ARTCC/En Route).

Every facility shall have its own individual Traffic Count Index (TCI).

When appropriate, an individual facility’s TCI will be the sum of the

relevant formulas from each applicable type.  For example, a Tower and

Approach Control (Up/Down) will be the combined TCIs from Part I –

Tower and Part II – Approach Control.

THE INFLUENCE OF ENVIRONMENTAL AND OPERATIONAL

COMPLEXITY FACTORS

For Towers and Approach Controls, the level of difficulty and complexity

of air traffic control work is influenced by such factors as:

The varying mix in speed and performance characteristics of

aircraft using the airport or transiting airspace under the control of

the terminal;

The airport configuration in terms of runway and taxiway layout,

lengths, and capacities;

Provision of control services for secondary airports;

Proximity of other airports;

Class of airspace;

Weather observation responsibilities;

Terrain;



Interaction with foreign countries; and

235

Military operations.

The influence on the level of difficulty for pay setting varies depending on

the kind of complexity, the category of terminal, and the level of stress

associated with the control work at that terminal.  Because many of these

factors are static in nature and only become dynamic as air traffic

congestion increases, they are considered in relation to varying levels of

air traffic congestion. For example, the most complex runway

configuration poses few or no problems to controllers at terminals with

very light air traffic. However, it has a significant impact on the overall

complexity of a controller's position at higher levels of air traffic

congestion.

For En Route facilities, the level of difficulty and complexity of air traffic

control work is influenced by such factors as:

Mixtures of transitioning (aircraft climbing and descending) and

primarily level en route air traffic;

Number of terminals and congestion of air traffic at those

terminals in the center's control area and areas adjacent to the

center's airspace;

Military operations;

The configuration and dimension of the center's control area,

converging and crossing air routes, and juxtaposition to

international boundaries;

Mixture of aircraft with varying operating speeds and performance

characteristics;

Terrain features; and

Oceanic and domestic-over-water traffic.

These factors tend to be present in different centers in various

combinations and with varying degrees of intensity. All these factors,

whether separately measured or not, take on increasing significance and

importance with substantial increases in the congestion of air traffic.

236

The influence of complexity factors for CCF radar approach control

positions is the same as described above for Approach Control, and for

CCF center control positions, as described above for En Route, as practical

in consideration of counting methodologies and, where applicable, for

CCF tower positions, the same as described above for Towers.

The difference in air traffic congestion and other complexity factors is

recognized in the complexity criteria discussed in the section titled,

“Weighting and Modifying the Traffic Count to Reflect Complexity.”

THE INFLUENCE OF TRAFFIC CONGESTION ON

COMPLEXITY

It is the level of sustained congestion of air traffic that is significant, rather

than the total annual volume of air traffic handled by a facility. Therefore,

it is not the total annual volume of control operations that primarily

influences the level of complexity. It is the level of congestion of air traffic

that controllers must handle on a sustained basis that has the most

significant influence on the complexity of these positions.  The specific

methods used to measure level of air traffic congestion at the various

facilities are described in detail in the section titled "Complexity Formula

– Sustained Traffic Index.”

COMPLEXITY FORMULA – SUSTAINED TRAFFIC INDEX

Most facilities experience their busiest air traffic during the day and

evening hours with operations declining sharply during the very late

evening and early morning hours. Operations at individual facilities also

vary from day-to-day and during different seasons of the year.

The formula below addresses these daily and seasonal variances in air

traffic by putting them in proper perspective in developing the sustained

traffic index. It measures the busiest air traffic periods while also

recognizing the influence of sustained levels of air traffic within the

facility.

The segment of the work year measured is the busiest 1,830 hours and the

next busiest 1,830 hours in terms of total aircraft handled in a consecutive

365-day period. The use of 1,830 hours is based on the realization that at

most facilities the greatest concentrations of air traffic occur during 10

hours, rather than 12 hours, 16 hours, or the full period a facility is open

over a 24- hour day. Half the days in a year (183) are multiplied by the 10

hours to derive 1,830 hours.

237

In those facilities where there is very little decline in air traffic levels

between the busiest 1,830 hours and the second busiest 1,830 hours, the

count is adjusted to reflect the sustained level of air traffic. In those

facilities where there is a substantial difference between the peak and the

next level of air traffic (i.e. the second busiest 1,830 hours) the count is

adjusted to reflect that the high level of air traffic is not sustained.

The formula for measuring the facility’s sustained traffic index (Dt) is:

Dt = 1+ (Cav2 / Cav1)

The formula for deriving the facility’s Traffic Count Index is:

Dt x Wav1 = Traffic Count Index

where:

Cav1 is the average unweighted hourly count for the busiest 1,830

hours

Cav2  is  the  average  unweighted  hourly  count  for  the  second

busiest 1,830 hours

Wav1  is  the  modified  average  weighted  hourly  count  for  the

busiest 1,830 hours

FLIGHT OPERATIONS COUNTED

All types of flight operations at terminals are counted in computing the

average weighted hourly count.  All VFR and IFR aircraft arriving or

departing an airport are counted, including low approaches, stop-and-go or

touch-and-go operations, practice instrument approaches, and missed

approaches.  All overflights which transit the terminal's airspace, VFR

advisories, and other required special VFR (SVFR) services are counted.

All types of flight operations that occur in En Route airspace and are

handled by En Route controllers are counted in computing the average

weighted hourly count. This includes: all IFR arrivals and departures

within the facility's airspace, overflights, transitional overflights, oceanic

and other over water traffic, practice instrument approaches, and VFR

advisories.

All the types of flight operations that pertain to CCFs are used to compute

the average weighted hourly count. This includes: all IFR arrivals and

departures within the CCF's airspace, overflights, transitional overflights,

238

oceanic and other over water traffic, practice instrument approaches, and

VFR advisories.

Note: Aircraft counts are determined through manual means, automation

capabilities in computer system and additional automated calculation

tools. Automated means are the best practical method of determining those

counts considering operational workload impacts.

WEIGHTING AND MODIFYING THE TRAFFIC COUNT TO

REFLECT COMPLEXITY

As pointed out earlier, varying weights are assigned to different flight

operations to recognize the difference in the complexity of the facilities

related to the different operations, and the weighted air traffic count is

further modified to recognize other factors that significantly influence the

level of complexity of the facility.

PART I – TOWER

For each average hour of operation (i.e. the 1,830 busiest hours divided by

1,830):

A.  Each IFR/SVFR arrival, departure, or VFR practice instrument

approach count is given a weight of 1.50.

B.  Each VFR itinerant or local arrival or departure count is given a

weight of 1.00.

C.  The hourly counts for (A) and (B) are added together to obtain the

combined arrival and departure count at the primary airport.

D.  This combined itinerant and local hourly operations count (C) is

then multiplied by a runway factor:

1.  1.15 if the airport has crossing runways.

2.  1.10 if the airport has converging runways.

3.  1.05 if the airport has a single runway, including parallel

runways that are separated by 2,500 feet or less.

4.  1.00 if the airport has parallel runways.

239

Note: If two (2) or more configurations exist at one (1) airport, the

highest multiplier shall be used; if a runway is not in a

commissioned status as defined in the Airport/Facilities Directory,

it should not be considered in determining runway configuration.

Note: Converging runway factor shall be applied to all facilities

with:

1. More than 500,000 annual tower operations;

2. A proximity of five (5) or less miles to an airport with

an air traffic control tower;

3. Extended runway centerlines between the adjacent

facilities converge;

4. Procedures to maintain the control for departure

release from the subordinate airport; and

5. The obligation to provide separation services for traffic

departing both the primary and subordinate airports.

E.  Each IFR/SVFR overflight count is given a weight of 1.25.

F.  Each VFR overflight count is given a weight of 1.00.

G.  The hourly counts for (D), (E), and (F) are added together to

obtain the average weighted hourly count.

H.  For each day and the prior 364 days (i.e. use a 365-day count),

calculate the percent that military air traffic comprises of total air

traffic. Divide that percent figure by four, and then multiply by the

average weighted hourly count derived in (G). This will yield the

military add-on count. (Example: The military air traffic count

equals 20% of the total air traffic count; (G) = 100). The formula

is:

(.2 / 4 = .05 x 100 = 5)

Note: The military mix calculations shall be based on automated

capabilities; however, where automated capabilities are not

available, the most recent yearly APO/OPSNET data shall be

used.

I.  For each day and the prior 364 days (i.e. use a 365-day count)

calculate:

1.  The percent of total air traffic that is:

240

a.  air carrier and military traffic combined

b.  general aviation traffic

c.  air taxi traffic

Note: The aircraft mix calculations shall be based on automated

capabilities; however, where automated capabilities are not

available, the most recent yearly APO/OPSNET data shall be

used.

2.  Determine which of the two (i.e. air carrier and military traffic

combined or general aviation traffic) constitutes a lower

percentage of the total air traffic.

3.  Add the air taxi traffic to the lower of the two (i.e. air carrier

and military traffic combined or general aviation traffic).

4.  After adding the air taxi traffic to either the air carrier and

military traffic combined or general aviation traffic, calculate

the percent traffic mix of the two categories of air traffic (i.e.

the one including air taxi and the one excluding air taxi).

5.  Take the lower percentage of the two figures derived in (4)

above and divide it by four, then multiply by the average

weighted hourly count derived in (G). This will yield the traffic

mix add-on count.

Example:

1.  air carrier and military traffic combined = 58%

2.  general aviation traffic = 32%

3.  air taxi traffic = 10%

4.  a.  general aviation (32%) + air taxi (10%) = 42%

b.  air carrier + military = 58%

5.  the lower of the two percentages (4a or 4b) = 42%

241

6.  average weighted hourly count (G) = 100

7.  .42 / 4 = .105 x 100 = 10.5

J.  Each facility:

1.  If Class B airspace = 25%; if Class C/TRSA/ARSA airspace =

10%; if Class D airspace = 0%.

Note:  If two or more classes of airspace exist, the highest

multiplier shall be used.

2.  If it has ASOS = .5%

3.  If it has LAWRS = 1%

4.  If it has terrain within its airspace that is 4,000 feet or greater

above its primary airport field elevation = 5%

5.  a. If it has adjacent airspace to and interacts with one (1)

foreign country = 1%

b. If it has adjacent airspace to and interacts with two (2)

foreign countries = 2%

c. If it has adjacent airspace to and interacts with three (3) or more

foreign countries = 4.5%.

6.  If it has 300,000 total facility operations or more and is 10

miles or less from other airports with 300,000 total facility

operations or more, for each such airport = 2.5%.

Add all applicable percentages in (J) 1 through 6 and then multiply that

total percentage by the average weighted hourly count derived in (G). This

will yield the facility profile add-on count.

Example:

1.  Class D airspace = 0%

2.  ASOS = .5%

3.  LAWRS = 1%

242

4.  Terrain = 5%

5.  Foreign country (2) = 2%

6.  Airport proximity = 0%

7.  Total = 8.5%

8.  Average weighted hourly count (G) = 100

9.

.085 x 100  = 8.5

K.  Add the military add-on count derived in (H) above, the mix of

traffic add-on count derived in (I) above, and the facility profile

add-on count derived in (J) above to the average weighted hourly

count derived in (G) to yield the modified average weighted

hourly count.

Example:

1.  Average weighted hourly count (G) = 100

2.  Military add-on count (H) = 5

3.  Mix of traffic count (I) = 10.5

4.  Facility profile count (J) = 8.5

Modified average weighted hourly count (K) = 5 + 10.5 + 8.5 +

100 = 124

L.  Calculate the TCI as described earlier under the section titled

"Complexity Formula —Sustained Traffic Index."

PART II – APPROACH CONTROL

For each average hour of operation (i.e. the 1,830 busiest hours divided by

1,830):

A.  Each IFR/SVFR arrival, departure, or VFR practice instrument

approach count at the primary airport is given a weight of 1.50.

243

B.  Each VFR arrival or departure count at the primary airport is given

a weight of 1.00.

C.  The hourly counts for (A) and (B) are added together to obtain the

combined arrival and departure count at the primary airport.

D.  This combined arrival and departure hourly count at the primary

airport is then multiplied by a runway factor:

1.  1.15 if the airport has crossing runways.

2.  1.10 if the airport has converging runways.

3.  1.05 if the airport has a single runway, including parallel

runways that are separated by 2,500 feet or less.

4.  1.00 if the airport has parallel runways.

Note: If two (2) or more configurations exist at one (1) airport, the

highest multiplier shall be used; if a runway is not in a

commissioned status as defined in the Airport/Facilities Directory,

it should not be considered in determining runway configuration.

E.  Each IFR/SVFR arrival, departure, or VFR practice instrument

approach count at secondary airports fifteen (15) miles or less

from the primary airport is given a weight of 1.50.

F.  Each IFR/SVFR arrival, departure, or VFR practice instrument

approach count at secondary airports more than fifteen (15) miles

from the primary airport is given a weight of 1.25.

G.  Each VFR arrival or VFR departure count at secondary airports or

VFR overflight is given a weight of 1.00.

H.  Each IFR/SVFR overflight count is given a weight of 1.25.

I.  The hourly counts for all operations (D) through (H) are added

together to obtain the average weighted hourly count.

J.  For each day and the prior 364 days (i.e. use a 365-day count),

calculate the percent that military air traffic comprises of total air

traffic. Divide that percent figure by four, and then multiply by the

244

average weighted hourly count derived in (I). This will yield the

military add-on count (J). (Example: The military traffic count

equals 20% of the total traffic count; the average weighted hourly

count (I) = 100). The formula is:

(.2 / 4 = .05 x 100 = 5)

Note: The military mix calculations shall be based on automated

capabilities; however, where automated capabilities are not

available, the most recent yearly APO/OPSNET data shall be

used.

K.  For each day and the prior 364 days (i.e. use a 365-day count)

calculate:

1.  The percent of total Approach Control traffic that is:

a.  air carrier and military traffic combined

b.  general aviation traffic

c.  air taxi traffic

Note: The aircraft mix calculations shall be based on automated

capabilities; however, where automated capabilities are not

available, the most recent yearly APO/OPSNET data shall be

used.

2.  Determine which of the two (i.e. air carrier and military traffic

combined or general aviation traffic) constitutes a lower

percentage of the total traffic.

3.  Add the air taxi traffic to the lower of the two (i.e. air carrier

and military traffic combined or general aviation traffic).

4.  After adding the air taxi traffic to either the air carrier and

military traffic combined or general aviation traffic, calculate

the percent traffic mix of the two categories of traffic (i.e. the

one including air taxi and the one excluding air taxi).

5.  Take the lower percentage of the two figures derived in (4)

above and divide it by four, then multiply by the average

245

weighted hourly count derived in (I). This will yield the traffic

mix add-on count.

Example:

1.  air carrier and military traffic combined = 58%

2.  general aviation traffic = 32%

3.  air taxi traffic = 10%

4.  a.  general aviation (32%) + air taxi (10%) = 42%

b.  air carrier + military = 58%

5.

the lower of the two percentages (4a or 4b) = 42%

6.  average weighted hourly count (J) = 100

7.

.42 / 4 = .105 x 100 = 10.5

L.  Each facility:

1.  If Class B airspace = 25%; if Class C/TRSA/ARSA airspace =

10%; if Class D airspace = 0%.

Note:  If two or more classes of airspace exist, the highest

multiplier shall be used.

2.  If it has terrain within its airspace that is 4,000 feet or greater

above its primary airport field elevation = 5%

3.  a.  If it has adjacent airspace to and interacts with one (1)

foreign country = 1%

b.  If it has adjacent airspace to and interacts with two (2)

foreign countries = 2%

c.  If it has adjacent airspace to and interacts with three (3) or

more foreign countries

= 4.5%

246

Add all applicable percentages in (L) 1 through 3 and then

multiply that total percentage by the average weighted hourly

count derived in (I). This will yield the facility profile add-on

count.

Example:

1.  Class B airspace = 25%

2.  Terrain = 0%

3.  Foreign country = 0%

4.  Total = 25%

5.  Average weighted hourly count (J) = 100

6.

.25 x 100 = 25

M.  For each day and the prior 364 days (i.e. use a 365-day count)

calculate the percent that separate non-radar sector (i.e. area)

traffic comprises of total air traffic. Divide that percent figure by

four, and then multiply by the average weighted hourly count

derived in (I) to yield the non-radar count.

Example:

1.  Percent non-radar sector traffic is of total traffic =

8%

2.  Average weighted hourly count (I) = 100

3.  100 x .08 = 8

4.  8 / 4 = 2

N.  Add the military add-on count derived in (J) above, the mix of

traffic add-on count derived in (K) above, the facility profile add-

on count derived in (L) above, and the non-radar add-on derived in

(M) above to the average weighted hourly count derived in (I) to

yield the modified average weighted hourly count (N).

Example:

247

1.  Average weighted hourly count (I) = 100

2.  Military add-on count (J) = 5

3.  Mix of traffic count (K) = 10.5

4.  Facility profile count (L) = 25

5.  Non-radar add-on count (M) = 2

Modified average weighted hourly count (N) = 5 + 10.5 + 25

+ 2 + 100 = 142.5

O.  Calculate the traffic count index as described earlier under the

section titled "Complexity Formula – Sustained Traffic Index."

PART III – EN ROUTE

For each average hour of operation (i.e. the 1,830 busiest hours divided by

1,830):

A.  Each IFR/SVFR departure transferred from Approach Control is

given a weight of 1.50.

B.  Each IFR/SVFR departure (including IFR air files) and IFR/SVFR

aircraft receiving ATC services upon leaving Special Use Airspace

is given a weight of 2.0.

C.  Each IFR/SVFR arrival transferred to an Approach Control is

given a weight of 1.50.

D.  Each IFR/SVFR arrival (including IFR cancellations) and

IFR/SVFR aircraft terminating center ATC services upon entry

into Special Use Airspace is given a weight of 2.0.

E.  Each transitional IFR/SVFR overflight (aircraft that exit center

airspace at an altitude 4,000 feet or more different from the aircraft

altitude entering the center area) is given a weight of 1.50.

F.  Each overflight (non-transitional) is given a weight of 1.00.

G.  Each VFR advisory is given a weight of 0.50.

248

H.  For each hour of operation, the hourly counts for (A) through (G)

are added together to obtain the average weighted hourly count.

I.  For each day and the prior 364 days (i.e. use a 365-day count),

calculate the percent that military air traffic comprises of total air

traffic. Divide that percent figure by four, and then multiply by the

average weighted hourly count derived in (H). This will yield the

military add-on count. (Example: The military traffic count equals

20% of the total traffic count; the average weighted hourly count

(H) = 500). The formula is:

(.2 / 4 = .05 x 500 = 25)

J.  For each day and the prior 364 days (i.e. use a 365-day count)

calculate:

1.  The percent of total traffic that is:

a.  Jet aircraft

b.  Piston powered and turbo-prop aircraft combined

2.  Take the lower percentage of the two figures derived in (1)

above and divide it by four, then multiply by the average

weighted hourly count derived in (H). This will yield the

traffic mix add-on count.

Example:

1.  Jet aircraft = 58%

2.  Piston powered and turbo-prop aircraft combined =

32%

3.  Average weighted hourly count (H) = 500

4.

.32 / 4 = .08 x 500 = 40

K.  For each day and the prior 364 days (i.e. use a 365-day count),

calculate the percent that domestic-over-water traffic comprises of

total domestic traffic and divide by 5. Multiply that modified

percentage figure by the average weighted hourly count derived in

249

(H). This will yield the domestic-over-water add-on count.

(Example: The domestic-over-water traffic count equals 20% of

the total domestic traffic count; the average weighted hourly count

(H) = 500). The formula is: (Note: the domestic-over-water count

is included in the total domestic traffic count)

(.20/5 = .04 x 500 = 20)

L.  For each month and the prior 11 months (i.e. use a 12-month

calculation), calculate the percent that oceanic air traffic comprises

of total domestic air traffic and multiply that percentage by 3.

Multiply that modified percent figure by the average weighted

hourly count derived in (H). This will yield the oceanic add-on

count. (Example: The ocean traffic count equals 10% of the total

domestic traffic count; the average weighted hourly count (H) =

500). The formula is:

(.10 x 3 = .30 x 500 = 150)

M.  For each day and the prior 364 days (i.e. use a 365-day count):

1.  Divide the facility’s airspace by 10,000 square miles.

2.  Calculate the density add-on (average weighted hourly count

(H) /density (1. above) x 1.5).

Example:

1.  103,440/10,000 = 10.344

2.  500/10.344 = 48.337

3.  48.337 x 1.5 = 72.5 or (73)

N.  For each day and the prior 364 days (i.e. use a 365-day count):

1.  Calculate the total flight time in minutes for all aircraft in the

center’s airspace for the average hour of the 1,830 busiest

hours.

250

2.  Determine the average hourly sector operations (i.e. the total

of all flights penetrating all sectors in the center for the

average hour of the 1,830 busiest hours).

3.  Divide the total flight time in minutes (1. above) by the

average hourly sector operations (2. above) x 3 to obtain the

airspace usage add-on.

Example:

1.  10,615

2.  1,069

3.  10,615 / 1,069 x 3 = 29.8 (or 30)

O.  Each facility:

1.  An En Route facility is credited with having mountainous

terrain if it has land depicted as “mountainous terrain” as

specified in FAR 95 Subpart B, and has terrain above 10,000

feet MSL within the facility’s designated airspace = 5%

2.  a. If it interacts with one (1) foreign country = 1%

b.  If it interacts with two (2) foreign countries = 2%

c.  If it interacts with three (3) or more foreign countries =

4.5%

Add all applicable percentages in (O) 1 and 2 and then multiply

that total percentage by the average weighted hourly count derived

in (H). This will yield the facility profile add-on count.

Example:

1.  Terrain = 5%

2.  Foreign country (1) = 1%

3.  Total = 6%

4.  Average weighted hourly count (H) = 500

251

5.

.06 x 500 = 30

P.  Add the military add-on count derived in (I) above, the mix of

traffic add-on count derived in (J) above, the domestic-over-water

add-on count derived in (K) above, the oceanic add-on count

derived in (L) above, the density add-on count derived in (M)

above, the airspace usage add-on derived in (N) above, and the

facility profile add-on count derived in (O) above to the average

weighted hourly count derived in (H) to yield the modified

average weighted hourly count.

Example:

1.  Average weighted hourly count (H) = 500

2.  Military add-on count (I) = 25

3.  Mix of traffic add-on count (J) = 40

4.  Domestic-over-water add-on count (K) = 20

5.  Oceanic traffic add-on count (L) = 150

6.  Density add-on count (M) = 73

7.  Airspace usage add-on count (N) = 30

8.  Facility profile add-on count (O) = 30

Modified average weighted hourly count (P) =

500 + 25 + 40 + 20 + 150 + 73 + 30 + 30 = 868

Q.  Calculate the traffic count index as described earlier under the

section titled “Complexity Formula – Sustained Traffic Index.

252

ADMINISTRATION OF THE STANDARD

1.  MINIMIZING UNWARRANTED FACILITY PAY LEVEL

FLUCTUATIONS

Every effort should be made to avoid frequent fluctuations in facility pay

levels that may be caused by temporary increases or decreases in traffic

activity. For example, runway closures, new construction at an airport, or

labor disputes in the aviation industry may well decrease a facility's

average traffic count index and facility pay level changes may appear

warranted. Similarly, an extremely large number of flight operations

handled during a brief air show or some other special event may

significantly increase the average traffic count index. However, because

these events are temporary, a facility pay level change shall not be

effected.

While it is the intent of this standard to minimize unwarranted facility pay

level fluctuations caused by temporary shifts in air traffic activity, no

precise formula can be given for dealing with the many situations where

these sudden shifts in air traffic may impact the average traffic count

index. The adjustment of a facility's flight operations count to compensate

for these and similar kinds of situations should be a matter of judgment

based on experience as to what constitutes both a reasonable and normal

air traffic workload for the particular facility.

The average traffic count index will change for a variety of reasons.

However, unwarranted facility pay level fluctuations may be avoided by

delaying action to change facility pay levels until the probable permanency

of the change in the average traffic count index can be established. The

following procedures are to be observed to ensure that facility pay level

changes are made only when appropriate.

2.  RAISING FACILITY PAY LEVELS

The following requirements must be met:

1.  The facility is required to make every effort to have one (1) full

year of complete and accurate data.

2.  The calculated TCI must be at or above the breakpoint for a period

of three (3) consecutive months, as reported on the last day of the

month.

253

3.  The facility manager must provide a twelve (12) month traffic

projection that demonstrates that the activity will remain at or

above the breakpoint.

4.  In circumstances where a facility meets all criteria for upgrade,

EXCEPT that a full year of data does not exist, a validation may

still take place. If it is determined that the missing data would have

a de minimis impact on the calculation of the TCI, the validation

will be conducted as though a full year of data exists.

5.  The information has been validated by the NVT.

When all of the above requirements have been met, the facility shall be

upgraded.  The upgrade shall be retroactive to the first full pay period after

the first month the facility was at or above the breakpoint.

3.  LOWERING FACILITY PAY LEVELS

Where the TCI indicates that a lower FPL might be warranted, the buffer

zone will be utilized to prevent a precipitous FPL adjustment.

If the calculated TCI is below the buffer zone for six (6) consecutive

months, the following requirements must be met:

1.  The facility is required to make every effort to have one (1) full

year of complete and accurate data.

2.  The facility manager must provide a narrative explaining the

reasons for the traffic decreases.

3.  The facility manager must provide a twelve (12) month traffic

projection outlining the probable permanency of the changed

traffic. The facility manager must consult with the Facility

Representative when developing the traffic projection.

4.  The information has been validated by the NVT.

When all of the above requirements are met, the facility shall be

downgraded on the first full pay period after the validation process has

been completed. If the administrative process is unable to be completed to

meet this timeframe, the downgrade will occur as soon as possible.

254

APPEAL PROCESS

WHAT MAY BE APPEALED:

The way in which the complexity formula for pay setting is interpreted or

applied at a specific facility may be appealed.

NOTE: THE CONTENT OF THE COMPLEXITY FORMULA ITSELF

MAY NOT BE APPEALED - ONLY ITS INTERPRETATION OR

APPLICATION.

WHO MAY APPEAL:

An appeal may be initiated through appropriate facility channels by any

employee. However, the appeal may be filed only by the facility manager

and the NATCA Facility Representative. All appeals should be agreed to

by both parties before being submitted. In the event that either party non-

concurs in the appeal, the party non-concurring has fifteen (15) days to

prepare a written rationale for non-concurrence. The non-concurrence

must be submitted along with the appeal.

HOW TO FILE AN APPEAL:

1.  The appeal must be in writing and must include the following:

a.  The facility’s name and pay level;

b.  The names, mailing addresses, and telephone numbers of the

facility manager and the NATCA Facility Representative;

c.  A description of the basis for the appeal, including specific

references to those portions of the standard believed to be

misinterpreted or inappropriately applied;

d.  Copies of any supporting documentation and any other relevant

materials in support of the appeal; and

e.  A description of how the problem identified should be corrected,

including the remedy being sought.

2.  The appeal must be filed via certified mail with the FAA ATO COO,

with a copy to the NATCA Executive Vice President (EVP).

255

THE APPEALS PROCESS:

1.  Upon receipt of the appeal, the FAA ATO COO and the NATCA EVP

will establish within fifteen (15) days a Complexity Appeal Review

Committee (CARC), consisting of a NATCA Representative and an

Air Traffic Management Representative.

2.  The CARC will:

a.  determine if the issue is appealable

b.  conduct appropriate fact-finding and analysis

c.

issue a written statement of findings within sixty (60) days of

receipt of the appeal explaining its decision or the reasons why it

failed to reach a decision

Decisions of the CARC must be reached mutually. They are binding

and final, and there is no further appeal. If the CARC fails to reach a

mutual decision, the facility manager and/or NATCA Facility

Representative may request to have its case heard by a Complexity

Appeals Board (CAB). This request must be in writing to the FAA

ATO COO and the NATCA EVP, and must be filed within thirty

(30) days of the notification by the CARC that it cannot reach a

mutual decision.

3.  The CAB:

a.  Consists of an FAA representative, a NATCA representative, and

an arbitrator.  The arbitrator may be mutually agreed to by the

FAA representative and the NATCA representative, or may be

selected from a panel submitted by the Federal Mediation and

Conciliation Service (FMCS). If the FMCS panel is used, the

NATCA representative and the FAA representative will

alternately strike names from the panel until only one (1) remains.

b.  Has thirty (30) days from the receipt of the appeal to select the

arbitrator.

c.  Will convene within ninety (90) days from the date of the

appointment of the arbitrator, at a hearing site mutually agreeable

to both Parties, and decision of the majority will be rendered

within thirty (30) days of the conclusion of the hearing.

256

IMPACT OF DECISIONS:

If the appeal is sustained by either the CARC or the CAB, and the finding

supports raising of the facility pay level, the decision will be implemented

within two (2) pay periods of the finding.

257

COMPLEXITY FORMULA FOR PAY SETTING

GLOSSARY

Air Route Traffic Control Center (ARTCC) – An air traffic control

facility that provides air traffic control service to aircraft operating on IFR

flight plans within controlled airspace and principally during the en route

phase of flight. When equipment capabilities and controller workload

permit, certain advisory/assistance services may be provided to VFR

aircraft.

Air Traffic Operations – All aircraft operations, excluding ground

movement of aircraft, vehicles, and personnel.

Approach Control – An air traffic control terminal that provides radar

and non-radar control to aircraft arriving or departing the primary airport

and adjacent airports, and to aircraft transiting the terminal's airspace.

Buffer Zone – A numerical figure below the minimum facility

complexity- formula-based pay level (breakpoint) for a particular facility’s

pay level. This figure will be used in conjunction with air traffic

projections to determine if change to a lower pay level is appropriate.  The

buffer zones and the associated breakpoints are depicted in Appendix 1 of

this Appendix.

Center Airspace Mileage – For the purpose of this Standard, the facility

mileage calculation is determined by the National Oceanic Survey (NOS)

based on an average of the low altitude airspace square mileage and high

altitude airspace square mileage.

Center Area – The square mileage of the area defined by the geographic

domestic boundaries of the Center. Note: The calculation of this value is

accomplished through coordination with Aeronautical Information

Division (ATA-100) and National Oceanic Survey.

Class of Airspace – (Terminal use only) Airspace of defined dimensions

within which air traffic control service is provided to aircraft operations in

accordance with the airspace classification. Class B, Class C, Class D, and

TRSA are used in the complexity formula.

Class B Airspace – Generally, that airspace from the

surface to 10,000 feet MSL surrounding busy airports in

terms of airport operations or passenger enplanements.

258

Class C Airspace – Generally, that airspace from the

surface to 4,000 feet above the airport elevation (charted in

MSL) surrounding those airports that have an operational

control tower, are serviced by a radar approach control, and

have a certain number of IFR operations or passenger

enplanements.

Class D Airspace – Generally, that airspace from the

surface to 2,500 feet above the airport elevation (charted in

MSL) surrounding those airports that have an operational

control tower.

TRSA – Airspace surrounding designated airports wherein

ATC provides radar vectoring, sequencing, and separation

on a full-time basis for all IFR and participating VFR

aircraft.

Combined Control Facility (CCF) – An air traffic control facility that

provides approach control services for one (1) or more airports, as well as

en route air traffic control (center control) for a large area of airspace.

Some may provide tower services along with approach control and en

route services.

Domestic-Over-Water Traffic – To be counted as domestic-over-water

traffic, the facility must: (1) separate aircraft using ICAO rules (whether

using radar or non-radar procedures), and (2) the aircraft must (or must

have) crossed the ADIZ (whether in domestic-over-water sector or ocean

sector).

Foreign Country – In order to receive credit for interacting with a foreign

country, facilities with adjacent airspace must routinely coordinate and

transfer air traffic with an air traffic facility from another sovereign nation.

Instrument Flight Rules (IFR) – Rules that govern the procedures for

conducting instrument flight.

Large Hub Airport – For the purpose of this Standard, a terminal air

traffic control facility with an annual air traffic count of 300,000 or more.

LAWRS – A limited aviation weather reporting station (LAWRS) is a

facility where observations are taken, prepared, and transmitted by

certified FAA air traffic control specialists on a limited basis. At these

facilities, various degrees of automated sensors and/or other automated

259

equipment may be available. However, when on duty, the LAWRS

observer has the complete responsibility for the surface aviation weather

elements.

Major Metropolitan Area – A metropolitan statistical area as defined by

the U.S. Census Bureau containing a single core with a population of 2.5

million or more.

Metropolitan Tower Complex – Two (2) or more airport traffic control

terminals that provide traffic advisories, spacing, sequencing, and

separation services to VFR and IFR aircraft operating in Class B airspace

within the vicinity of the airport using a combination of radar and direct

observations.  These airport traffic control terminals must serve separate

Large Hub Airports located in a major metropolitan area and

independently be within one (1) facility pay level of each other.

Additionally, each airport must be located within fifteen (15) nautical

miles (center of airport to center of airport), and have traffic flows that

have to be closely coordinated between facilities such that the operational

configuration of one (1) airport affects the operational configuration of the

other(s).

Mix of Traffic – Currently, this Standard considers the mix of air traffic

for terminals and CCFs to be comprised of three categories of traffic: (1)

air carrier and military combined; (2) general aviation (including non-

military helicopters); and (3) air taxi. When the Agency’s automated data

collection capability at these facilities is able to identify jet, turbo prop,

and piston traffic separately, it is contemplated that their traffic mix factor

will be revised to be consistent with the center measure of traffic mix.

MOA – Military Operations Area.

Non-Radar Sector (in Approach Control) – An exclusive non-radar

sector (i.e. area) in what is otherwise classified as an Approach Control or

an Approach Control portion of an Up/Down facility. When controllers are

assigned to this sector, they are responsible for the control and separation

of air traffic without physical or mechanical visual reference to the aircraft

under the controllers' jurisdiction. Without radar, the controllers use flight

progress strips to document aircraft movement and to develop a picture in

their minds of all the aircraft using the airspace. Separation standards

between the aircraft are specified in terms of time and/or mileage and they

vary according to the speed of the aircraft and the navigational equipment

available to the pilot.

260

Oceanic Traffic – Only air traffic traversing airspace over the oceans of

the world and the Gulf of Mexico are to be counted if both of the

following conditions are met: (1) no direct communications between

aircraft and controller; and (2) ICAO non-radar procedures are used

exclusively to separate aircraft.

Overflight – Aircraft that transit a facility's airspace that neither originate

nor terminate within that facility's airspace.

Point Out – A physical or automated action taken by a controller to

transfer the radar identification of an aircraft to another controller if the

aircraft will enter the airspace of another controller and radio

communications will not be transferred.

Primary Airport – The airport with the most volume in the Approach

Control’s airspace.

Proximity Airports – To be counted as a proximity airport, an airport

must have at least 300,000 operations per year, and must have one or more

additional airports within ten (10) miles (center of airport to center of

airport) that also have 300,000 operations or more per year.

Runway Configuration:

Converging Runway – Runway configuration that has two (2)

or more runways where the magnetic alignment will have

crossing flight paths within the airport traffic area (ATA) and

where the actual runway surfaces do not overlap.

Crossing Runway – Runway configuration that has two (2) or

more runways where the magnetic alignment will have: (1)

crossing flight paths and where the actual surfaces do overlap; or

(2) Non-Intersecting Converging Runways whose extended

centerlines cross within one mile of the departure ends and where

the actual runway surfaces do not overlap.

Parallel Runways – Two (2) or more runways at the same

airport where the magnetic alignment will not have crossing

flight paths within the airport traffic area and where the actual

runway surfaces do not overlap.

Single Runway – One (1) runway (either hard surface, grass or

sea lane) at airports for aircraft use or parallel runways at an

261

airport where the two outermost runways are no farther than

2,500 feet apart measured centerline to centerline.

Secondary Airport – An airport not considered the primary airport for an

air traffic control facility for which air traffic services are provided by that

ATC facility.

Special Use Airspace (SUA) – Airspace where activities must be

confined or limitations may be imposed on aircraft operations. For the

purpose of this Standard, the SUA airspace types included are: Alert Area,

Controlled Firing Area, Military Operations Area, Prohibited Area,

Restricted Area, and Warning Area.

Special Visual Flight Rules (SVFR) Services/Operations – Aircraft

operating in accordance with clearances within Class B, C, D, and E

surface areas in weather conditions less than the basic VFR weather

minimums. Such operations must be requested by the pilot and approved

by the controller.

Traffic Count Index (TCI) – A combined measure of the complexity of

the air traffic and the sustained traffic index at each facility. It is the

measure used to set facility pay levels.  For a Metropolitan Tower

Complex, the Traffic Count Index for each airport traffic control terminal

facility is calculated independently, and the pay level of the Complex is set

based on the highest independently calculated TCI.

Terrain – A terminal facility is credited with having mountainous terrain

if land measures 4,000 feet above the primary airport field elevation and is

contained in the terminal facility’s airspace. An En Route facility is

credited with having mountainous terrain if it has land depicted as

“mountainous terrain” as specified in FAR 95 Subpart B and has terrain

above 10,000 feet MSL within the facility’s designated airspace.

Touch-and-Go – An operation by an aircraft that lands and departs on a

runway without stopping or exiting the runway.

Tower – An airport traffic control terminal that provides traffic advisories,

spacing, sequencing, and separation services to VFR and IFR aircraft

operating within the vicinity of the airport using a combination of radar

and direct observations.

262

Transitional Overflight (in En Route) – An aircraft that exits center

airspace at an altitude 4,000 feet or more different from the aircraft’s

altitude entering the center area.

VFR Advisory – Service provided to aircraft not on an IFR flight plan.

This includes air traffic and weather information, navigational assistance,

and other ATC services provided as the work situation permits.

Visual Flight Rules (VFR) – Rules that govern the procedures for

conducting flight under visual conditions.

263

Appendix 1

Complexity Based Pay Levels

Max

464.9

371.9

291.9

231.9

171.9

110.9

78.9

45.9

Max

696.9

464.9

324.9

208.9

129.9

87.9

45.9

Tower

Buffer

432

346

272

216

160

103

73

43

0

Approach Control

Buffer

648

432

302

194

121

82

43

0

Facility Pay Level

FPL-12

FPL-11

FPL-10

FPL-9

FPL-8

FPL-7

FPL-6

FPL-5

FPL-4

Facility Pay Level

FPL-12

FPL-11

FPL-10

FPL-9

FPL-8

FPL-7

FPL-6

FPL-5

Tower & Approach Control (Up/Down)

Buffer

Max

821

605

432

281

185

121

82

0

882.9

650.9

464.9

301.9

198.9

129.9

87.9

Facility Pay Level

FPL-12

FPL-11

FPL-10

FPL-9

FPL-8

FPL-7

FPL-6

FPL-5

Min

465

372

292

232

172

111

79

46

0

Min

697

465

325

209

130

88

46

0

Min

883

651

465

302

199

130

88

0

264

Min

1550

1250

600

0

Min

900

750

400

150

100

0

Max

Air Route Traffic Control Centers

Buffer

1473

1188

570

0

1549.9

1249.9

599.9

Facility Pay Level

FPL-12

FPL-11

FPL-10

FPL-9

Combined Control Facilities

Buffer

855

713

380

143

95

0

Max

899.9

749.9

399.9

149.9

99.9

Facility Pay Level

FPL-11

FPL-10

FPL-9

FPL-8

FPL-7

FPL-6

265

APPENDIX B

TRAINING PROGRESSION REQUIREMENTS

Air Traffic Specialized Pay Plan

ATC

FPL

FPL-4

FPL-5

Career Level

Tower

Approach

Control

Tower and

Approach

Control

(Up/Down)

Center/

Center

Oceanic

Combined

Control

Facility

Developmental-3

FD + 50% of

All Other

Positions

FD + 50% of

All Other

Positions

FD + 50% of

All Other

Positions

N/A

N/A

Certified

Professional

Controller

Developmental-3

Certified

Professional

Controller

All Positions  All Positions  All Positions

N/A

N/A

FD + 50%

of All Other

Positions

FD + 50%

of All Other

Positions

FD + 50%

of All Other

Positions

N/A

N/A

All Positions  All Positions  All Positions

N/A

N/A

Developmental-2

N/A

N/A

FD + 33%

of All Other

Positions

FPL-6

Developmental-3

FD +50% of

All Other

Positions

FD + 50%

of All Other

Positions

FD + 66% of

All Other

Positions

N/A

N/A

FD + 33%

of All Other

Positions

FD + 66%

of All Other

Positions

Certified

Professional

Controller

All Positions  All Positions  All Positions

N/A

All Positions

Developmental-1

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

Developmental-2

N/A

N/A

FD + 33% of

All Other

Positions

Developmental-3

FD + 50%

of All Other

Positions

FD + 50%

of All Other

Positions

FD + 66% of

All Other

Positions

N/A

N/A

FD + 25%

of All Other

Positions

FD + 50%

of All Other

Positions

FD + 75%

of All Other

Positions

Certified

Professional

Controller

All Positions  All Positions  All Positions

N/A

All Positions

FPL-7

266

FD + 25%

of All Other

Positions

FD + 50%

of All Other

Positions

FD + 75%

of All Other

Positions

ATC

FPL

Career Level

Tower

Approach

Control

Tower and

Approach

Control

(Up/Down)

Center/

Center

Oceanic

Combined

Control

Facility

Developmental-1

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

FD + 33%

of All Other

Positions

FD + 66%

of All Other

Positions

FD + 33%

of All Other

Positions

FD + 66%

of All Other

Positions

FD + 33%

of All Other

Positions

FD + 66%

of All Other

Positions

N/A

N/A

FPL-8

Developmental-2

Developmental-3

Certified

Professional

Controller

All Positions  All Positions  All Positions

N/A

All Positions

Developmental-1

N/A

N/A

FD + 25%

of All Other

Positions

FPL-9

Developmental-2

FD + 33%

of All Other

Positions

FD + 33%

of All Other

Positions

FD + 50%

of All Other

Positions

Developmental-3

FD + 66%

of All Other

Positions

FD + 66%

of All Other

Positions

FD + 75%

of All Other

Positions

2 Radar

Associate

or 1 RA

and 1

Radar

Position

or 1 Ocean

21 Sector

All Radar

Associate

Positions

Or 2 Ocean

21 Sectors

2 R-sides

or

All Ocean

21 Sectors

FD + 25%

of All Other

Positions

FD + 50%

of All Other

Positions

FD + 75%

of All Other

Positions

Certified

Professional

Controller

All Positions  All Positions  All Positions  All Positions  All Positions

Developmental-1

FD + 25%

of All Other

Positions

FD + 25%

of All Other

Positions

FD + 25%

of All Other

Positions

Developmental-2

FPL-10

FD + 50%

of All Other

Positions

FD + 50%

of All Other

Positions

FD + 50%

of All Other

Positions

Developmental-3

FD + 75%

of All Other

Positions

FD + 75%

of All Other

Positions

FD + 75% of

All Other

Positions

2 Radar

Associate

or 1 RA

and 1

Radar

Position

or 1 Ocean

21 Sector

All Radar

Associate

Positions

or 2 Ocean

21 Sectors

2 R-Sides

or

All Ocean

21 Sectors

FD + 25% of

All Other

Positions

FD + 50%

of All Other

Positions

FD + 75%

of All Other

Positions

Certified

Professional

Controller

All Positions  All Positions  All Positions  All Positions  All Positions

267

ATC

FPL

Career Level

Tower

Approach

Control

Tower and

Approach

Control

(Up/Down)

Center/

Center

Oceanic

Combined

Control

Facility

All Positions  All Positions  All Positions  All Positions  All Positions

Developmental-1

FD + 25%

of All Other

Positions

FD + 25%

of All Other

Positions

FD + 25%

of All Other

Positions

FPL-11

Developmental-2

Developmental-3

Certified

Professional

Controller

FD + 50%

of All Other

Positions

FD + 50%

of All Other

Positions

FD + 50%

of All Other

Positions

FD + 75%

of All Other

Positions

FD + 75%

of All Other

Positions

FD + 75%

of All Other

Positions

FPL-12  Developmental-1

FD + 25%

of All Other

Positions

FD + 25%

of All Other

Positions

FD + 25%

of All Other

Positions

Developmental-2

FD + 50%

of All Other

Positions

FD + 50%

of All Other

Positions

FD + 50%

of All Other

Positions

2 Radar

Associate

or 1 RA and

1 Radar

Position

Or 1 Ocean

21 Sector

All Radar

Associate

Positions

Or 2 Ocean

21 Sectors

2 R-Sides or

All Ocean 21

Sectors

FD + 25%

of All Other

Positions

FD + 50%

of All Other

Positions

FD + 75%

of All Other

Positions

2 Radar

Associate

or 1 RA and

1 Radar

Position

Or 1 Ocean

21 Sector

All Radar

Associate

Positions

Or 2 Ocean

21 Sectors

2 R-Sides

or All

Ocean 21

Sectors

N/A

N/A

N/A

FD + 75%

of All Other

Positions

FD + 75%

of All Other

Positions

FD + 75%

of All Other

Positions

Developmental-3

Certified

Professional

Controller

All Positions  All Positions  All Positions  All Positions

N/A

ATCSCC

Developmental-1

Developmental-2

FPL-12

Developmental-3

Certified

Professional

Controller

N/A

Completion

of Classroom

Training

50% of All

Positions

All Positions

Flight Service Station

Developmental-3

Certified

Professional

Controller

50% of All

Positions

All Positions

FSS

268

APPENDIX D

BARGAINING UNIT CERTIFICATIONS

The Agency hereby recognizes the Union as the exclusive bargaining

representative of the employees of the following bargaining units:

1.  0061 – Air Traffic Control Specialist (terminal and en route) – 3-

RO-70004/WA-RP-00106

2.  0053 – Traffic Management Coordinators/Specialists (terminal, en

route, and ATCSCC) – WA-RP-00020

3.  1545 – NOTAM Specialists (ATCSCC) – WA-RP-90032

4.  0064 – Air Traffic Control Specialist (Flight Service) – SF-RP-12-

0009

270

Appendix E

286

APPENDIX F

SICK LEAVE RESTRICTION TEMPLATE

This letter concerns your use of sick leave or other leave (i.e. annual, LWOP) in

lieu of sick leave. For the purpose of this letter, a reference to ‘leave’ applies

only to absences utilizing sick leave or other leave in lieu of sick leave.

This is follow up to the recent leave counseling that took place on [INSERT

DATE(S) OF EMPLOYEE LEAVE COUNSELING HERE] regarding your

potential abuse of leave.

This is to inform you that my careful review of your leave usage has revealed a

pattern that I consider to be an abuse of leave. In view of your overall use of

leave since [INSERT DATE], I have observed a pattern of leave usage that

includes: [PROVIDE THE SPECIFIC REASONS FOR THE ISSUANCE

OF THE LEAVE RESTRICTION LETTER HERE].

Following the review of your leave usage for the period specified above, I have

determined there is a reasonable belief you may be abusing sick leave or leave

in lieu of sick leave. Therefore, in accordance with Article 25, Section 7,

effective the date of receipt of this letter and for a period of time, not to exceed

six (6) months, you will be required to provide a medical certificate, to

substantiate the request that covers the period of each subsequent absence for

which you request sick leave or other leave in lieu of sick leave. A registered

physician or other health practitioner must sign the medical certificate. Failure

to comply with the provisions of this leave restriction letter may result in charge

to absence without leave (AWOL). AWOL is non-disciplinary but may form the

basis for disciplinary action.

This written instruction to provide a medical certificate applies to all absences

utilizing sick leave or other leave in lieu of sick leave for which you may be

required to furnish a medical certificate for that day.

Requests for FMLA and LWOP may be subject to approval based on separate

and distinct documentation and notification requirements.

In the event that you may have a personal or health problem, which is adversely

affecting your ability to maintain a regular and reliable attendance record,

assistance is available through the Employee Assistance program (EAP). This is

a free and confidential service and I strongly encourage you to take advantage of

this assistance if needed. Assistance is available through the EAP Hotline at 1-

800-234-1 EAP or visiting the EAP website at: www.magellanhealth.com.

287

APPENDIX G

ACADEMY MILEAGE CHART

Facility Name

Mailing

Address City

Mailing

Address

State

Mileage

from

OKC

Total

Days

Loc

ID

A11

A80

A90

Anchorage

TRACON

Anchorage

Atlanta TRACON  Peachtree City

Boston TRACON  Merrimack

ABE

Allentown Tower  Allentown

ABI

ABQ

Abilene Tower

Albuquerque

Tower

Abilene

Albuquerque

ACK  Nantucket Tower  Nantucket

ACT  Waco Tower

Atlantic City

Tower

ACY

Waco

Atlantic City

ADS

Addison Tower

Addison

ADW  Andrews Tower

Andrews AFB

AFW  Alliance Tower

Fort Worth

AGC  Allegheny Tower  West Mifflin

AGS

ALB

Augusta Tower

Augusta

Albany Tower

Latham

ALO  Waterloo Tower  Waterloo

AMA  Amarillo Tower

Amarillo

ANC  Anchorage Tower  Anchorage

APA

APC

Centennial Tower  Englewood

Napa Tower

Napa

ARB  Ann Arbor Tower  Ann Arbor

ARR  Aurora Tower

Sugar Grove

ASE

ATL

AUS

Aspen Tower

Aspen

Atlanta Tower

Hapeville

Austin Tower

Austin

AVL  Asheville Tower

Fletcher

Wilkes-Barre

Tower

Dupont

AVP

288

AK

GA

NH

PA

TX

NM

MA

TX

NJ

TX

MD

TX

PA

GA

NY

IA

TX

AK

CO

CA

MI

IL

CO

GA

TX

NC

PA

3876

848

1711

1361

291

541

1795

288

1446

195

1331

200

1105

992

1523

655

260

3876

684

1644

1006

765

695

853

388

978

1381

9

2

4

3

1

2

4

1

4

1

3

1

3

3

4

2

1

9

2

4

3

2

2

2

1

3

3

Mailing

Address City

Mailing

Address

State

Mileage

from

OKC

Total

Days

Loc

ID

AZO

BDL

BED

BFI

BFL

BGM

BGR

BHM

BIL

BIS

BJC

BOI

BOS

BPT

BTR

BTV

BUF

BUR

BWI

C90

CAE

CAK

CCR

Facility Name

Kalamazoo

Tower

Bradley Tower

Kalamazoo

Windsor

Locks

Hanscom Tower

Bedford

Boeing Tower

Bakersfield

Tower

Binghamton

Tower

Bangor Tower

Birmingham

Tower

Seattle

Bakersfield

Johnson City

Bangor

Birmingham

Billings Tower

Billings

Bismarck Tower

Rocky Mountain

Metro Tower

Bismarck

Westminster

Boise Tower

Boise

Boston Tower

East Boston

Beaumont Tower  Beaumont

Baton Rouge

Tower

Baton Rouge

South

Burlington

Burlington Tower

Buffalo Tower

Cheektowaga

Burbank Tower

Burbank

Baltimore Tower

BWI Airport

Chicago

TRACON

Columbia Tower

Akron-Canton

Tower

Elgin

West

Columbia

North Canton

Concord Tower

Concord

BNA  Nashville Tower

Nashville

CDW  Caldwell Tower

Fairfield

CHA

Chattanooga

Tower

Chattanooga

MI

CT

MA

WA

CA

NY

ME

AL

MT

ND

CO

TN

ID

MA

TX

LA

VT

NY

CA

MD

IL

SC

OH

CA

NJ

TN

912

1589

1690

1983

1344

1408

1916

702

1222

946

681

678

1488

1693

488

632

1613

1243

1330

1319

787

1057

1051

1613

1440

803

2

4

4

5

3

4

5

2

3

2

2

2

4

4

1

2

4

3

3

3

2

3

3

4

4

2

289

Facility Name

Mailing

Address City

Mailing

Address

State

Mileage

from

OKC

Total

Days

Loc

ID

CHS

CID

Charleston Tower  Charleston

Cedar Rapids

Tower

Cedar Rapids

CKB

Clarksburg Tower  Bridgeport

CLE

CLT

Cleveland Tower

Cleveland

Charlotte Tower

Charlotte

CMA  Camarillo Tower

Camarillo

CMH  Columbus Tower  Columbus

CMI

CNO

COS

CPR

CPS

CRP

Champaign

Tower

Chino Tower

Colorado Springs

Tower

Casper Tower

Downtown Tower

Corpus Christi

Tower

Savoy

Chino

Peterson AFB

Casper

Cahokia/St

Louis

Corpus Christi

CRQ

Palomar Tower

Carlsbad

CRW  Charleston Tower  Charleston

CSG

Columbus Tower  Columbus

CVG

Cincinnati Tower

Erlanger

D01

D10

D21

DAB

DAL

Denver TRACON  Denver

Dallas - Ft Worth

TRACON

Dallas-Fort

Worth

Detroit TRACON  Detroit

Daytona Beach

Tower

Dallas Love

Tower

Daytona

Beach

Dallas

DAY  Dayton Tower

Vandalia

DCA

Washington

National Tower

DEN  Denver Tower

DFW  DFW Tower

Washington

Denver

Dallas-Fort

Worth Airport

DLH  Duluth Tower

Duluth

290

SC

IA

WV

OH

NC

CA

OH

IL

CA

CO

WY

IL

TX

CA

WV

GA

KY

CO

TX

MI

FL

TX

OH

DC

CO

TX

MN

1092

673

1103

1057

1092

1374

916

669

1299

595

945

503

594

1372

1003

843

848

678

191

1027

1248

206

852

1312

678

191

940

3

2

3

3

3

3

2

2

3

2

2

1

2

3

3

2

2

2

1

3

3

1

2

3

2

1

2

Loc

ID

Facility Name

Mailing

Address City

Mailing

Address

State

Mileage

from

OKC

Total

Days

DPA

DSM

Dupage Tower

Des Moines

Tower

West Chicago

Des Moines

DTW  Detroit Tower

Detroit

DVT

Deer Valley

Tower

DWH  Hooks Tower

E10

High Desert

TRACON

Phoenix

Tomball

Edwards AFB

ELM

Elmira Tower

Horseheads

ELP

El Paso Tower

El Paso

EMT

El Monte Tower

El Monte

ERI

EUG

EVV

Erie Tower

Erie

Eugene Tower

Eugene

Evansville Tower  Evansville

EWR  Newark Tower

Central Florida

TRACON

F11

Newark

Orlando

FAI

FAR

FAT

FAY

FCM

FFZ

FLL

FLO

FNT

FPR

FRG

FSD

FSM

Fairbanks Tower

Fairbanks

Fargo Tower

Fresno Tower

Fayetteville

Tower

Flying Cloud

Tower

Falcon Tower

Fort Lauderdale

Tower

Fargo

Fresno

Fayetteville

Eden Prairie

Mesa

Fort

Lauderdale

Florence Tower

Florence

Flint Tower

Flint

St Lucie Tower

Farmingdale

Tower

Fort Pierce

Farmingdale

Sioux Falls Tower  Sioux Falls

Fort Smith Tower

Fort Smith

FTW  Meacham Tower

Fort Worth

IL

IA

MI

AZ

TX

CA

NY

TX

CA

PA

OR

IN

NJ

FL

AK

ND

CA

NC

MN

AZ

FL

SC

MI

FL

NY

SD

AR

TX

780

546

1027

960

428

1274

1352

721

1315

1153

1924

663

1440

1252

3760

878

1453

1220

790

947

1454

1140

1039

1362

1494

640

183

200

2

2

3

3

1

3

3

2

3

3

5

2

4

3

9

2

4

3

2

2

4

3

3

3

4

2

1

1

291

Loc

ID

Facility Name

Mailing

Address City

Mailing

Address

State

Mileage

from

OKC

Total

Days

LOU

Bowman Tower

Louisville

LVK

Livermore Tower  Livermore

M03

M98

Memphis

TRACON

Minneapolis

TRACON

Memphis

Minneapolis

MAF  Midland Tower

Midland

MBS

MCI

Saginaw Tower

Kansas City

Tower

Freeland

Kansas City

MCO  Orlando Tower

Orlando

MDT

Harrisburg Intl

Tower

Middletown

MDW  Midway Tower

Chicago

MEM  Memphis Tower  Memphis

MFD  Mansfield Tower  Mansfield

MGM

MHT

Montgomery

Tower

Manchester

Tower

Hope Hull

Manchester

MIA  Miami Tower

MIC

Crystal Tower

Miami

Crystal

MKC  Downtown Tower  Kansas City

MKE  Milwaukee Tower  Milwaukee

MKG  Muskegon Tower  Muskegon

MLI

Quad City Tower  Milan

MLU  Monroe Tower

Monroe

MMU

Morristown

Tower

Morristown

MOB  Mobile Tower

Mobile

MRI  Merrill Tower

Anchorage

MRY  Monterey Tower  Monterey

MSN  Madison Tower

Madison

294

KY

CA

TN

MN

TX

MI

MO

FL

PA

IL

TN

OH

AL

NH

FL

MN

MO

WI

MI

IL

LA

NJ

AL

AK

CA

WI

759

1583

467

790

416

1065

353

1252

1291

795

467

981

797

1721

1475

998

353

871

952

719

488

1428

776

3876

1563

837

2

4

1

2

1

3

1

3

3

2

1

3

2

4

4

3

1

2

2

2

1

4

2

9

4

2

Mailing

Address City

Mailing

Address

State

Mileage

from

OKC

Total

Days

Loc

ID

PBI

PCT

PDK

PDX

PHF

PHL

PHX

PIA

PIE

PIT

PNE

PNS

POC

POU

PRC

PSC

PSP

PTK

PUB

PVD

PWK

Facility Name

Palm Beach

Tower

Potomac

TRACON

DeKalb -

Peachtree Tower

Portland Tower

Patrick Henry

Tower

Philadelphia

Tower

West Palm

Beach

Warrenton

Chamblee

Portland

FL

VA

GA

OR

Newport News

VA

Philadelphia

Phoenix Tower

Phoenix

Peoria Tower

Peoria

St Petersburg

Tower

St Petersburg/

Clearwater

FAA Pittsburgh

ATC Tower

Northeast

Philadelphia

Tower

Coraopolis

Philadelphia

Pensacola Tower

Pensacola

Brackett Tower

Poughkeepsie

Tower

La Verne

Wappingers

Falls

Prescott Tower

Prescott

Pasco Tower

Palm Springs

Tower

Pontiac Tower

Pasco

Palm Springs

Waterford

Township

Pueblo Tower

Pueblo

Providence Tower  Warwick

Chicago

Executive Tower  Wheeling

PA

AZ

IL

FL

PA

PA

FL

CA

NY

AZ

WA

CA

MI

CO

RI

IL

ME

NE

PA

PWM  Portland Tower

Portland

R90

Omaha TRACON  Bellevue

RDG

Reading Tower

Reading

296

1412

1290

862

1908

1359

1384

960

667

1293

1102

1384

832

1298

1491

957

1769

1226

1043

550

1646

806

1789

456

1341

4

3

2

5

3

4

3

2

3

3

4

2

3

4

3

4

3

3

2

4

2

4

1

3

Facility Name

Mailing

Address City

Mailing

Address

State

Mileage

from

OKC

Total

Days

Loc

ID

RDU

RFD

RHV

RIC

RNO

ROA

ROC

Raleigh-Durham

Tower

Rockford Tower

Reid-Hillview

Tower

Morrisville

Rockford

San Jose

Richmond Tower  Richmond

Reno Tower

Reno

Roanoke Tower

Roanoke

Rochester Tower

Rochester

ROW  Roswell Tower

Roswell

RST

Rochester Tower

Rochester

RSW

Fort Myers Tower  Fort Myers

RVS

Riverside Tower

Tulsa

S46

S56

SAN

SAT

SAV

SBA

SBN

SCK

SCT

SDF

SDL

SEA

SEE

SFB

SFO

SGF

Seattle TRACON  Burien

Salt Lake City

TRACON

Salt Lake City

San Diego Tower

San Antonio

Tower

Savannah Tower

Santa Barbara

Tower

South Bend

Tower

Stockton Tower

Southern

California

TRACON

San Diego

San Antonio

Savannah

Goleta

South Bend

Stockton

San Diego

Standiford Tower  Louisville

Scottsdale Tower

Scottsdale

Seattle Tower

Gillespie Tower

Sanford Tower

San Francisco

Tower

Seattle

San Diego/El

Cajon

Sanford

San Francisco

Springfield Tower  Springfield

NC

IL

CA

VA

NV

VA

NY

NM

MN

FL

OK

WA

UT

CA

TX

GA

CA

IN

CA

CA

KY

AZ

WA

CA

FL

CA

MO

1206

793

1583

1291

1560

1115

1309

471

756

1389

107

1989

1187

1312

467

1095

1410

862

1577

1312

759

948

1983

1312

1256

1625

286

3

2

4

3

4

3

3

1

2

4

1

5

3

3

1

3

4

2

4

3

2

2

5

3

3

4

1

297

Loc

ID

Facility Name

Mailing

Address City

Mailing

Address

State

Mileage

from

OKC

Total

Days

TVC

Traverse City

Tower

Traverse City

TWF

Twin Falls Tower  Twin Falls

TYS

U90

VGT

Knoxville Tower

Louisville

Tucson TRACON  Tucson

North Las Vegas

Tower

North Las

Vegas

VNY  Van Nuys Tower  Van Nuys

VRB

Y90

YIP

YNG

Vero Beach

Tower

Yankee

TRACON

Willow Run

Tower

Youngstown

Tower

Vero Beach

Windsor

Locks

Belleville

Vienna

ZAB

Albuquerque

Albuquerque

ZAN  Anchorage Center   Anchorage

ZAU

Chicago Center

ZBW  Boston Center

ZDC

Washington

Center

Aurora

Nashua

Leesburg

ZDV  Denver Center

Longmont

ZFW

Fort Worth Center  Fort Worth

ZHU  Houston Center

Houston

ZID

ZJX

ZKC

ZLA

ZLC

Indianapolis

Center

Jacksonville

Center

Kansas City

Center

LA Center

Indianapolis

Jacksonville

Olathe

Palmdale

Salt Lake Center

Salt Lake City

ZMA  Miami Center

Miami

ZME  Memphis Center  Memphis

MI

ID

TN

AZ

NV

CA

FL

CT

MI

OH

NM

AK

IL

NH

VA

CO

TX

TX

IN

FL

KS

CA

UT

FL

TN

1083

1360

858

945

1113

1339

1348

1589

1024

1091

541

3876

773

1705

1291

706

200

445

741

1160

330

1296

1187

1475

467

ZMP

Minneapolis

Center

Farmington

MN

773

3

3

2

2

3

3

3

4

3

3

2

9

2

4

3

2

1

1

2

3

1

3

3

4

1

2

299

Loc

ID

Facility Name

Mailing

Address City

Mailing

Address

State

Mileage

from

OKC

Total

Days

ZNY  New York Center   Ronkonkoma

ZOA  Oakland Center

Fremont

ZOB

Cleveland Center  Oberlin

ZSE

ZTL

Seattle Center

Auburn

Atlanta Center

Hampton

NY

CA

OH

WA

GA

1508

1599

1026

1983

875

4

4

3

5

2

300

APPENDIX H

NURSING MOTHERS PROGRAM FORM

Employee's Name:

(To be completed by

manager)

Nursing Mothers Room

Location:

Facility/Line of Business/Staff Office:

Birth Date of Child:

In accordance with the applicable FAA/NATCA Collective Bargaining

Agreement, I require the use of a private area to express milk during

work hours beginning on ____________.

The private area shall be a space other than a bathroom that is

uninterrupted, shielded from view, provides predictable privacy, is not

accessible through another room and is free from intrusion from co-

workers and the public.

I understand that it is my responsibility to advise my manager when my

ongoing requirement to express milk during work hours is no longer

necessary.

Employee's Signature:

Manager's Signature:

Date:

Date:

301

APPENDIX J

RETURN RIGHTS EMPLOYENT AGREEMENT

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT FOR ADMINISTRATIVE RETURN RIGHTS

Between the Federal Aviation Administration and

Employees Recruited for  Assignment

Complete original and 2 copies: Original to Official Personnel Folder; 1st copy to be forwarded to

the employee; 2nd copy to be forwarded to parent organization.

NAME OF FAA REPRESENTATIVE (PARENT

ORGANIZATION)

NAME OF EMPLOYEE (Last, First, Middle)

The  employee  named  above  and

Aviation Administration agree as follows:

the  Federal

The employee’s reemployment rights with the FAA

shall  be  governed  by

the  Federal  Aviation

Administration  EMP-1 16:  Return  Rights  After

Certain Assignments, FAPM 352-1: Reemployment,

Restoration  and  Return  Rights,  and  the  NATCA

CBA,  Article  59,  Return  Rights,  which  are  hereby

incorporated and made a part of this agreement

The  employee’s  reemployment  rights  under  the

provisions of this guidance shall be granted

By_______________ (Employee’s Parent Organization)

1st Tour Ends ___/___/___

1   The  parties  shall  abide  by  and  complete  all

employment agreements between them

2   The  employee  agrees

their

assignment  for  at  least  one  tour  of  duty  of  36

months

to  remain

in

3  If, at any time, during the employee’s first, second

or  third  tour,  an  employee  receives  and  accepts  a

position offer, at the employee’s request, the parent

organization's  authorizing  official  may  waive  the

employee’s

time  covered  by  an

employment  contract   The  PCS  benefits  associated

with  the  original  assignment  would  be  forfeited  in

this case

remaining

4   If  the  employee  completes  the  tour  of  duty

specified  herein,  and  if  he/she  wishes  to  remain  at

the  assignment,  and  provided  he/she  meets  the

provisions  of  FAPM  352-1,  the  employee  shall

complete  an  Employment  Supplemental  Agreement

for an optional second and/or third tour

5   An  employee’s  pay  shall  be  set  in  accordance

with  Article  108  of  the  NATCA  CBA  when

exercising  return  rights  under  Article  59  of  the

NATCA CBA

6   All  terms  used  in  this  agreement  shall  have  the

same  definition  as  in  the  EMP-1 16,  FAPM  352-1

and the NATCA CBA, Article 59, Return Rights

7   An  employee  returning to  a  position  subject  to

mandatory  separation  in  accordance  with  Section

8335(a) or 8425(a) of title 5 United States Code will

be subject to those mandatory separation provisions

SIGNATURE OF FAA  REPRESENTATIVE (PARENT ORGANIZATION)

DATE

SIGNATURE OF EMPLOYEE

DATE

308

Appendix J

EMPLOYMENT SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT FOR ADMINISTRATIVE

RETURN RIGHTS

(This Agreement is To be Executed for Subsequent Tours Of Duty And Attached To The

Employee’s Initial Employment Agreement)

Complete in original and three copies  Original to be filed in the Personnel Folder  First copy to

be forwarded to the employee; 2nd copy to be submitted to the parent  organization.

NAME OF EMPLOYEE (Last, first middle)

Having fulfilled the terms and conditions of the Employment Agreement and any

supplemental agreements incorporated therein, the employee named above and the

Federal Aviation Administration agree as follows:

1. This supplemental agreement is incorporated and made a part of the employee’s initial

Employment Agreement,

2. The employee agrees to serve an additional tour of duty, 24 months in duration,

and shall have reemployment rights with the FAA in accordance with the Federal

Aviation Administration EMP-1.16: Return Rights After Certain Assignments

and FAPM 352-1: Reemployment, Restoration and Return Rights and the terms

and conditions of the NATCA CBA, Article 59, Return Rights.

Second/Third Tour of Duty Ends___________________

(Circle Tour)

SIGNATURE OF EMPLOYEE

DATE

SIGNATURE OF  FAA REPRESENTATIVE- PARENT ORGANIZATION AUTHORIZING

OFFICIAL

DATE

REMARKS

309

APPENDIX K

AFFORDABILITY DIFFERENTIAL

Section 1.  Affordability differential shall be defined as a premium pay to

offset affordability, commuting, and other issues for the locations subject

to this Appendix.

Section 2.  All bargaining unit employees assigned to the duty locations

listed below shall receive an affordability differential in accordance with

this Agreement.  This differential will be earned as an additional

percentage rate of the employees’ hourly Base Pay and shall be paid in

biweekly installments in conjunction with the Agency’s established pay

period calendar.

Section 3.  The affordability differential shall be the difference between

the duty location’s locality rate and the locality rate for the corresponding

locality area listed herein, or ten percent (10%) of Base Pay, whichever is

greater.

Duty Location:

Aspen, CO

Nantucket, MA

MANCHESTER, MA-NH-RI-ME

Corresponding Locality Area:

DENVER-AURORA-BOULDER, CO

BOSTON-WORCESTER-

Section 4.  The Agency shall adjust the differentials annually to ensure

each duty location maintains the difference between the locality rate and

the corresponding locality area listed in Section 3, or ten percent (10%) of

Base Pay, whichever is greater.

Section 5.  No service agreement is required in order to be eligible for this

differential.

Section 6.  In the event the Agency extends an affordability differential to

duty locations not covered by this Appendix, the Parties shall negotiate its

application in accordance with Article 7 of this Agreement.

310

APPENDIX L

FSS REMOTE SITE PAY FACILITIES

Barrow

Cold Bay

Deadhorse

Dillingham

Iliamna

Kotzebue

McGrath

Nome

Northway

311

APPENDIX M

OPAS PARAMETERS

Bidding

Maximum Number of Prime Time Weeks

Maximum Bids per Employee per Round

Automatic Bidding Notify Window Buffer

Warning Prior to Bid Window Close

Allow Changes to Sort During Bidding

Default Leave Type

Staffing Factor for Supply versus Demand Calculation

Bidding Total

o  Leave Balance + Amount to Be Accrued (current year)

o  Leave Requested

o  Leave Approved

o  Leave Amount to Be Accrued (next year)

Shift & Schedule Parameters

Shift Category Based on Start Time

Shift Category Based on the Majority of Hours

Shift Definition Parameters

Minimum Shift Duration

Maximum Shift Duration

Maximum Flex Time

Standard Shift Duration

Scheduling Parameters

Default Schedule Length

Extra Days Surrounding Selected Schedule

Schedule Should be Published Before

Enable Email Notifications

Auto-Create Return to Shift Requests for Moved Employees

312

Appendix M

Shift Category Parameters

Day (D) Category Start Time

Day (D) Category End Time

Day (D) Category - Developmentals Allowed to Provide Coverage

Evening (E) Category Start Time

Evening (E) Category End Time

Evening (E) Category - Developmentals Allowed to Provide

Coverage

Midnight (M) Category Start Time

Midnight (M) Category End Time

Midnight (M) Category - Developmentals Allowed to Provide

Coverage

Assignment Rules

Maximum Consecutive Midnights

Minimum Days Off in One Week Period

Maximum Days Off in One Week Period

Non Overtime Working Hours per Week

Briefing Period Day of Work Pattern

Briefing Period Start Time

Briefing Period Duration

Statistical Counters

Overtime Counters Reset By

Overtime Counters Reset Date

Shift Counters Reset By

Shift Counters Reset Date

Move Counters Reset By

Move Counters Reset Date

Training Counters Reset By

Training Counters Reset Date

313

Appendix M

Request

Request Type Sorting

Leave Weight

Leave Sort By

Shift Change Weight

Shift Change Sort By

Shift Swap Weight

Shift Swap Sort By

RDO Swap Weight

RDO Swap Sort By

Other Duties Weight

Other Duties Sort By

Multi Action Weight

Multi Action Sort By

Cancellation Weight

Cancellation Sort By

RDO Change Weight

RDO Change Sort By

Request Restriction

Maximum Number Employee Requests (per Day)

Maximum Active Employee Requests (Total)

Allow Partial Leave in Unpublished Schedule

Default Request Type

Holiday Excused Absence

Request Approve/Deny

Required Authorization Level

Request Time Limits

Leave

o  Start of Next Leave Year

314

Appendix M

o  Specified Number of Days

o  Decision Timeframe

  Scheduled

  Current

Shift Change

o  Start of Next Leave Year

o  Specified Number of Days

o  Decision Timeframe

Shift Swap

o  Start of Next Leave Year

o  Specified Number of Days

o  Decision Timeframe

RDO Swap

o  Start of Next Leave Year

o  Specified Number of Days

o  Decision Timeframe

Other Duties

o  Start of Next Leave Year

o  Specified Number of Days

o  Decision Timeframe

Multiple Action

o  Start of Next Leave Year

o  Specified Number of Days

o  Decision Timeframe

RDO Change

o  Start of Next Leave Year

o  Specified Number of Days

o  Decision Timeframe

Overtime

Scheduling Parameters

Overtime Not Normally Canceled Within

315

Appendix M

Holdover Overtime Min Duration

Full Shift Overtime Min Duration

Call List Sort Criteria

Historical OT Hours Weight



Include Historical OT Hours

Unpublished OT Hours Weight



Include Unpublished OT Hours

Published OT Hours Weight



Include Published OT Hours

Offered but not Assigned OT Hours Weight

Include Offered but not Assigned OT Hours

Full Shift Overtime Sort Includes

Holdover Sort Includes

Full Shift Overtime / Holdover Overtime Call List Response

Voicemail will Increase Offered Hours

No Answer will Increase Offered Hours

Excused will Increase Offered Hours

Declined will Increase Offered Hours

Canceling Overtime

Receive OT Count Increases

Give OT Count Decreases

User Cancels OT Decreases Count (Leave Request)

Role Setup

Role

Can Earn Comp Time

Can Earn Credit Time

Overtime Reasons

Code

Reason

Overtime Code

316

APPENDIX N

OPAS PRIORITY FACILITIES

A80 – Atlanta TRACON

A90 – Boston TRACON

ATCSCC – Air Traffic Control System Command Center

C90 – Chicago TRACON

D10 – Dallas TRACON

F11 – Central Florida TRACON



I90 – Houston TRACON

N90 – New York TRACON

NCT – Northern California TRACON

PCT – Potomac TRACON

SCT – Southern California TRACON

ZAB – Albuquerque ARTCC

ZAN – Anchorage ARTCC

ZAU – Chicago ARTCC

ZBW – Boston ARTCC

ZDC – Washington ARTCC

ZDV – Denver ARTCC

ZFW – Fort Worth ARTCC

ZHU – Houston ARTCC

ZID – Indianapolis ARTCC

ZJX – Jacksonville ARTCC

ZKC – Kansas City ARTCC

ZLA – Los Angeles ARTCC

ZLC – Salt Lake ARTCC

ZMA – Miami ARTCC

ZME – Memphis ARTCC

ZMP – Minneapolis ARTCC

ZNY – New York ARTCC

ZOA – Oakland ARTCC

ZOB – Cleveland ARTCC

ZSE – Seattle ARTCC

ZTL – Atlanta ARTCC

317

APPENDIX P

LETTER OF AGREEMENT TO RETAIN MOUS

325

Appendix P-4

332

Appendix P-4

333

Appendix P-4

334

Appendix P-4

335

Appendix P-4

341

Appendix P-5

346

Appendix P-6

347

Appendix P-6

348

Appendix P-8

350

Appendix P-8

351

Appendix P-10

355

Appendix P-11

361

Appendix P-12

362

Appendix P-12

363

TITLE

ARTICLE

PAGE

INDEX OF TITLES

A

ACADEMY MILEAGE CHART

ACCOMMODATION OF DISABLED

EMPLOYEES

ACQUIRED IMMUNO-DEFICIENCY

SYNDROME (AIDS)

ADDITIONAL VOLUNTARY

ALLOTMENT DEDUCTIONS

AERONAUTICAL CENTER

Appendix G

85

78

12

82

AFFORDABILITY DIFFERENTIAL

Appendix K

AGENCY DIRECTIVES

AIR TRAFFIC SAFETY ACTION PLAN

(ATSAP) MOU

16

Appendix O

ANNUAL LEAVE

ASBESTOS

AUTOMATED EXTERNAL

DEFIBRILLATION (AED)

AVIATION SAFETY REPORTING

SYSTEM

B

BACK PAY

24

77

115

62

37

BARGAINING UNIT CERTIFICATIONS  Appendix D

BIDDING PROCEDURES

C

CALENDAR DAYS

CAREER TRANSITION ASSISTANCE

CHILD CARE

CHILD CARE SUBSIDY

42

72

86

31

116

372

288

173

170

49

172

310

57

318

72

167

218

144

107

270

114

158

174

93

218

TITLE

COLLABORATION

COMPLEXITY FORMULA FOR PAY

SETTING

CONTROLLER/EMPLOYEE

PERFORMANCE

CONTROLLER-IN-CHARGE (CIC) /

TRAFFIC MANAGEMENT SPECIALIST-

IN-CHARGE (TMSIC) / TRAFFIC

MANAGEMENT COORDINATOR-IN-

CHARGE (TMCIC) / NOTAM

SPECIALIST-IN-CHARGE (NSIC)

CORRECTIVE ACTION

REQUESTS/PLANS

COVERED EVENT REVIEW

CRITICAL INCIDENT STRESS

MANAGEMENT (CISM)

D

DATA SECURITY

DEPENDENT EDUCATION AT NON-

CONUS LOCATIONS

DISABLED VETERANS AFFIRMATIVE

ACTION PROGRAM

DISCIPLINARY / ADVERSE ACTIONS

DIVESTITURE

DRESS CODE

DUES WITHHOLDING

DURATION

E

EFFECT OF AGREEMENT

ELECTRIC VEHICLE SUPPLY

EQUIPMENT (EVSE)

ARTICLE

114

PAGE

215

Appendix A

232

65

18

112

119

74

23

117

84

10

88

69

11

106

102

121

149

59

214

224

162

70

219

173

40

176

156

44

199

198

226

373

TITLE

ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATION

ARTICLE

120

PAGE

225

EMPLOYEE ASSISTANCE PROGRAM

(EAP)

EMPLOYEE EXPRESS

EMPLOYEE RECERTIFICATION

EMPLOYEE RECORDS

EMPLOYEE RIGHTS

EMPLOYEE SERVICES

EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY

(EEO)

EXCUSED ABSENCES

F

FAA REFORM

FACILITY EVALUATIONS, AUDITS,

AND ASSESSMENTS

FACILITY OF PREFERENCE

FARE SUBSIDIES FOR EMPLOYEES

FLEXIBLE SPENDING ACCOUNTS

57

36

80

22

4

71

56

29

101

51

60

79

87

FSS REMOTE SITE PAY FACILITIES

Appendix L

G

GOVERNMENT CREDIT CARD

GRIEVANCE PROCEDURE

GROUND RULES

H

HARDSHIP TRANSFER

HAZARDOUS DUTY PAY

HAZARDOUS GEOLOGICAL/

WEATHER CONDITIONS

HAZARDOUS MATERIALS AND

CHEMICALS

374

89

9

105

99

81

19

125

133

106

171

66

15

157

132

88

196

126

141

171

176

311

177

28

199

192

172

61

229

TITLE

HOLIDAYS

ARTICLE

28

PAGE

85

HUMAN PERFORMANCE

55

132

I

INDIVIDUAL PERFORMANCE

INJURY COMPENSATION

INTERCHANGE AGREEMENT

J

JURY DUTY AND COURT LEAVE

L

LEAVE FOR SPECIAL

CIRCUMSTANCES

LEAVE TRANSFER

LEGISLATIVE ACTIVITIES

95

75

91

27

26

90

107

LETTER OF AGREEMENT TO RETAIN

MOUS

Appendix P

M

MANAGEMENT RIGHTS

MEDICAL QUALIFICATIONS

MID-TERM BARGAINING

MOVING EXPENSES

N

NAMES OF EMPLOYEES AND

COMMUNICATIONS

NATIONAL PAY PROCEDURES

NATIONAL TRANSPORTATION

SAFETY BOARD (NTSB) UNION

REPRESENTATIVES

5

66

7

58

14

39

63

185

164

183

84

81

179

199

325

21

150

24

135

54

109

144

375

TITLE

NEW FACILITIES/CURRENT FACILITY

EXPANSION / CONSOLIDATION /

COLLOCATION

ARTICLE

76

PAGE

166

NURSING MOTHERS PROGRAM FORM  Appendix H

301

O

OCCUPATIONAL SAFETY AND

HEALTH

ON-THE-JOB-TRAINING

OPAS PARAMETERS

OPAS PRIORITY FACILITIES

OPERATIONAL PLANNING AND

SCHEDULING TOOL

OUTSIDE EMPLOYMENT

OVERTIME

P

PAR FORMS

PARKING

PARTIES TO THE AGREEMENT

PARTNERSHIP FOR SAFETY

PART-TIME EMPLOYMENT/JOB

SHARING

PAY

PAY ADMINISTRATION

PAY BANDS

PERFORMANCE STANDARDS AND

APPRAISALS

PERSONAL PROPERTY CLAIMS

POSITION DESCRIPTIONS

POSITION ROTATION AND RELIEF

PERIODS

376

53

68

Appendix M

Appendix N

118

94

38

Appendix E

70

1

122

35

108

111

Appendix C

20

92

17

33

128

155

312

317

220

185

107

278

156

8

226

103

200

214

269

62

183

58

97

TITLE

PRENATAL/INFANT CARE

ARTICLE

30

PAGE

92

PRINTING OF THE AGREEMENT

PRIORITY CONSIDERATION

PRIORITY PLACEMENT

PROBATIONARY EMPLOYEE

PROBLEM SOLVING

PROFESSIONAL STANDARDS

PROGRAM

R

REALIGNMENT OF WORK FORCE

REASSIGNMENT OF TRAINING

FAILURES

RECOGNITION AND AWARDS

PROGRAM

REDUCTION-IN-FORCE (RIF)

REOPENER

REPRESENTATION RIGHTS

RETIREMENT AND BENEFITS

ADMINISTRATION

RETURN RIGHTS

RETURN RIGHTS EMPLOYENT

AGREEMENT

RIGHTS OF UNION OFFICIALS

RUNWAY SAFETY

S

SAFETY EVENTS REPORTING AND

REVIEW

SAFETY MANAGEMENT SYSTEM

SECURITY

103

100

124

98

8

52

46

61

21

47

104

6

41

59

Appendix J

3

113

64

123

97

198

196

228

192

27

126

120

142

64

122

198

23

111

139

308

14

215

145

227

191

377

TITLE

SELF-REFERRAL

SENIORITY

SEVERANCE PAY

SICK LEAVE

ARTICLE

93

PAGE

183

83

40

25

173

110

77

SICK LEAVE RESTRICTION

TEMPLATE

Appendix F

287

SPECIAL EVENTS MOU

Appendix I

STUDIES OF EMPLOYEES AND THEIR

WORKING CONDITIONS

SUBSTANCE TESTING

SURVEYS AND QUESTIONNAIRES

T

TECHNOLOGICAL CHANGES

TEMPORARILY DISABLED

EMPLOYEES/ASSIGNMENTS

TEMPORARY ASSIGNMENTS AWAY

FROM THE FACILITY

TEMPORARY DUTY TRAVEL

TEMPORARY

PROMOTIONS/TRANSFERS

TRAINING

TRAINING PROGRESSION

REQUIREMENTS

U

UNION PUBLICATIONS AND

INFORMATION AND USE OF

AGENCY'S FACILITIES

UNION RECOGNITION AND

REPRESENTATION

378

49

73

50

48

45

44

96

43

67

Appendix B

13

2

302

124

158

125

123

119

119

187

118

158

266

51

8

TITLE

USE OF OFFICIAL GOVERNMENT

TELEPHONES

ARTICLE

15

PAGE

56

V

VETERANS RIGHTS

110

213

W

WAIVER OF OVERPAYMENTS

WATCH SCHEDULES AND SHIFT

ASSIGNMENTS

WELLNESS CENTERS AND PHYSICAL

FITNESS PROGRAMS

WORKING HOURS

109

32

54

34

213

95

131

98

379