TM



CREDITS

Design

Ed Greenwood

Art Director

Kate Irwin

Editing

Susan Morris, James Wyatt

Cover Illustrations

Jesper Ejsing (front)

Tyler Jacobson (back)

Editorial Assistance

Jennifer Clarke Wilkes, Matt Sernett

Graphic Designer

Soe Murayama, Emi Tanji

Managing Editor

Kim Mohan

Development and Editing Lead

Jeremy Crawford

D&D R&D Senior Producer

Christopher Perkins

Interior Illustrations

Ed Greenwood, Eric Belisle, Julie Dillon, Rick

Drennan, Wayne England, Randy Gallegos,

Ralph Horsley, Tyler Jacobson, Michael Komarck,

Howard Lyon, Patrick McEvoy, William

OConnor, Lorraine Schleter, Mark Tedin,

Beth Trott

D&D R&D Group Manager

Mike Mearls

Photography

Jen Glicksohn

D&D Senior Creative Director

Jon Schindehette

Graphic Production Manager

Angie Lokotz

D&D Brand Team

Nathan Stewart, Liz Schuh, Laura Tommervik,

Shelly Mazzanoble, Chris Lindsay, Hilary Ross

Prepress Manager

Jefferson Dunlap

Imaging Technician

Carmen Cheung

Production Manager

Cynda Callaway

62039888000001 EN

ISBN: 978-0-7869-6034-7

First Printing:

October 2012

9  8  7  6  5  4  3  2  1

Current Customer Service

contact info:

U.S., CANADA, ASIA PACIFIC,

& LATIN AMERICA

Wizards of the Coast LLC

P.O. Box 707

Renton, WA 98057-0707

+1-800-324-6496

www.wizards.com/customerservice

U.K., EIRE, & SOUTH AFRICA

Wizards of the Coast LLC

c/o Hasbro UK Ltd.

P.O. Box 43

Newport, NP19 4YD, UK

Tel: +08457 12 55 99,

Email: wizards@hasbro.co.uk

EUROPE

Wizards of the Coast p/a Hasbro

Belgium NV/SA

Industrialaan 1

1702 Groot-Bijgaarden

Belgium

Tel: +32.70.233.277

Email: wizards@hasbro.be

Dungeons & Dragons, D&D, Wizards of the Coast, Forgotten Realms, Ed Greenwood Presents Elminsters Forgotten Realms, all other Wizards of the Coast product

names, and their respective logos are trademarks of Wizards of the Coast in the USA and other countries. All characters, and their distinctive likenesses are property of

Wizards of the Coast. This material is protected under the copyright laws of the United States of America. Any reproduction or unauthorized use of the material or artwork

contained herein is prohibited without the express written permission of Wizards of the Coast. Printed in the USA. 2012 Wizards of the Coast LLC.

Visit our website at DungeonsandDragons.com

2

CONTENTS

102

MONEY MATTERS

WORK FOR ALL . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 103

DAY JOBS FOR ADVENTURERS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 103

GUILDS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 109

TRADE AND MERCHANT PRINCES . . . . . . . . . . . 113

COINAGE . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 118

TRADE GOODS  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 123

SLAVE TRADE  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 130

GODS AND FOLLOWERS  132

HOW FOLK WORSHIP . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 133

WHY PUT UP WITH EVIL? . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 134

CHARITY . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 136

TEMPLE INCOME . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 137

PRIESTHOODS OF THE REALMS . . . . . . . . . . . . . 138

178

THE ART

HOW MAGICAL IS THE REALMS?  . . . . . . . . . . . 179

SPECIAL BLOODLINES  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 183

ALCHEMY . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 184

WORDS OF AWAKENING . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 185

BARDIC MATTERS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 186

ELVEN MUSIC  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 188

SPELLSONG . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 188

MORE MAGIC . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 189

AFTERWORD

190

FOREWORD

INTRODUCTION

4

6

10

LIFE IN THE REALMS

RACIAL VIEWPOINTS  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 11

REALMSPEAK: TALKING THE TALK . . . . . . . . . . . . 13

THE WRITTEN WORD . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 19

EVENTS AND FESTIVALS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 27

LEARNING THE ROPES, AND MORE . . . . . . . . . . . 31

ACTING AND THE THEATER . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 34

MEDICINE . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 37

ILLNESS AND HYGIENE . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 40

DRUGS  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 41

POISONS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 42

CURRENT CLACK . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 44

46

LAWS AND ORDERS

CLASS AND NOBILITY . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 47

JUSTICE . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 53

PROPERTY LAW . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 56

CORMYREAN NAMING AND TRADE LAWS . . . . . . . 57

SENTENCING THE GUILTY . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 61

THOSE WHO ENFORCE . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 63

PACTS AND ALLIANCES . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 67

THE SECRET HISTORY OF THE ZHENTARIM . . . . . 70

76

HEARTH AND HOME

WHERE ONES HAT IS HUNG . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 77

INNS AND TAVERNS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 79

WHATS TO EAT? . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 82

REGIONAL CUISINES  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 84

FOOD FROM THE WILD . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 91

DRINKS OF CHOICE . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 92

THE LATEST FASHION . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 96

3

FOREWORD

A (relatively) young Ed Greenwood summons up his alter ego,

Elminster, before the unfurling of a proclamation of great import.

4

To all who peruse this volume, these:

Well met, as always, and welcome to the latest

tome from the pen of Ed of the Greenwood that

purports to lay bare secrets of the world I dwell

in, the place best known to ye as the Forgotten

Realms.

A world so vast and rich that its secrets could

fill librariesto say nothing of the myriad pass-

ing details of everyday life, the strivings of folk

mighty and simple. Beggars and humble crofters

can change the Realms as much as kings do, and

its heroes are not always those lauded. Like thy

world, the Realms needs splendid deeds from us

all for life to hold a goodly measure of pleasures

and rewards.

In short, it needs thee to make a difference.

This book, like all guides, seeks to steer readers.

Luring them here, and turning them aside from

there. Tis true no book is thick enough to hold

everything, but ye should beware the scribe who

is ruthless in omissions of lore that just might

keep ye alive. Just as much ye should cherish the

sage who reins in his tongue, and never shares

in the first place what dare not be shared. I have

tried not to doom the Realms by what Ive let slip

down the decades.

Yet some omissions have been born of the

urgency of the moment or the lack of pages,

time and again, and not been set down for all to

peruse.

I see Ed is finally seeing, in however paltry and

slapdash a manner, to some of those gaps, here

and now.

I have long thought that the Realms must seem

strange indeed to ye, whove not been told any-

thing comprehensive or coherent about this little

detail here, and that little detail, there.

For instance, bards tales and fireside folklore

simply bristle with mention of evil tyrantsyet

in the Realms I know, only nobles and rulers

who utterly lose their tempers or who are spoiled

brutes habitually take open and public violent

action. I see the vast, sophisticated majority of

nobles and rulers in the Realms habitually using

adventurers (and guilds, and costers, and oth-

ers they can manipulate instead of paying) as

their agents (sometimes through several layers of

go-betweens).

This is the chief reason why adventuring

bandsas opposed to strictly ordered profes-

sional mercenariesare suffered to exist in any

land where there are laws and lawkeepers. In

frontier areas, brigands and monsters are preva-

lent enough to demand that the prudent go

armed, and the young and penniless have ample

opportunity to win wealth and reputation by

dealing with locally marauding perils. Yet were I

foolish enough to want to sit on a throne some-

where, I would take great care to spy tirelessly and

attentively on all adventuring bands within my

realm and nigh my borders. I would expect my

foes to be hiring them, or manipulating them, or

both, against me.

Yet down the years, other than briefly covering

the charters that Cormyr grants adventurers to

at one stroke allow them to buckle their swashes

and at the same time enact a measure of control

over them, I see that Ed of the Greenwood has

neglected this root fact of life in the Realms.

Which means its high time for a book such as

this.

In recent times, the Realms has seen the

rise of broadsheets, or printed scraps of cur-

rent news and salacious rumors masquerading as

newssomething hitherto left to the tongues of

minstrels, peddlers, and caravan merchants, with

the ever-increasing distortions that their retellings

inevitably embroider everything with.

The pervasiveness of this form of written com-

munication encourages reading, and foments

propagandaand, though it pains me as a sage to

say it, the reckless sharing of some things better

kept secret.

There is a high price to telling all.

Why, even to impart the makings of some al-

loys that the dwarves prize highly would be to

shift balances better left as they are, among the

ever-uneasy threats and counterthreats and pru-

dences of rulers and those who desire to rule.

Not all secrets hold that much power, yet any

might well shift attitudes and beliefs and desires

across the Realms, and so have their own effects.

So youll not find everything within these

pages. Yet I know Ive shared more than enough

juicy bits to keep ye thinking for a while . . .

5

INTRODUCTION

Welcome to the Forgotten Realms, the world

I began crafting when I was six, before there was

anything called Dungeons & Dragons or a role-

playing game industry. The world I still work on,

every day.

Its been a long, rich, rewarding road, and the

Realms now grows around me courtesy of many

loving creators, toiling busily. Were building a

world that never has to end, a setting that can for-

ever be home to novels and roleplaying campaigns

and board games and much, much more.

This book is a peek at the beating heart of the

Realms, at what makes it work and seem alive. A

bright buffet of lore, with buckets of little details

about all sorts of things. A grand gallimau-

fry of matters Realmsian, for your perusal and

enjoyment.

There is no right way to play D&D or to

conduct a Realms campaign, and many gamers

wont use or want everything in this book. Yet if

it spurs adventure ideas, or provides elements an

overworked Dungeon Master can pick up and

use rather than having to think through and cre-

ate anew, it will be useful. Its not an attempt to

convince anyone to abide by every detail of canon,

but rather to provide lore for those who want to

use it, to make more time for unfolding adven-

tures around the gaming table.

Real-world medieval or Renaissance condi-

tions, arts, world views, religious beliefs, or

standards of medicine dont directly correspond

to the Realms, just as steampunk fiction is seldom

accurate Victoriana. So, DMs should feel free to

twist matters to make their Realms seem excit-

inglyor unsettlinglydifferent.

By my deliberate design and my players pref-

erences, play in my home Realms campaign has

always featured these three characteristics.

1. Player characters have the freedom to do

their own thing. Play unfolds in a large and

detailed setting so I really can allow PCs the free-

dom to choose to stroll north today, instead of

returning to that mystery in the alley to the south

they stumbled into yesterday. No Dungeon Mas-

ters carrot-and-stick, no railroading. I present

the world, and the players around the table decide

where to poke their characters noses. They con-

trol their destinies, and they impose their wills

upon the world. (Yes, they see they can accom-

plish far more working together, as a united band

of adventurers, and act accordingly.) My players

run characters of various classes with different

interests and obligations. For instance, clerics are

under constant pressure from church superiors

to do this, that, and the other. And yet, they also

continuously pursue their own pet projects (nota-

bly investments and trade negotiations), as well as

engaging in adventures with the Knights of Myth

Drannor. Many play sessions begin with the

characters holding a council wherein they debate

and decide what to do next, rather than running

through a prepared adventure. I lay out the buf-

fet, and they sample what catches their eye.

2. The Realms is constantly unfolding. I keep

a flow of current events (and rumors) burbling

past my players ears to make the world seem

alive around them and to present a continually

renewed, rich selection of adventuring and role-

playing opportunities. Part of this ever-changing

world is a steady stream of new nonplayer charac-

ters (NPCs), which make up the cast of thousands

that is the Realms. The key to the Realms is not

just that it has a past, but that things happen;

history is being made every day. So, over time

(and game editions), prices fluctuate and cur-

rency morphs. If values given here in gold pieces

(gp), silver pieces (sp), and copper pieces (cp)

dont seem right for your campaign, change them.

Merchants overcharge when they can, and under-

charge when they must.

3. Subplots and intrigues abound. I love them,

and so do my players. This means mysteries large

and small, little secrets and big ones, clever and

sinister behind-the-scenes villains (if I wrote

Sherlock Holmes, his landlady would eventually

turn out to be a sweetly manipulative crime boss,

hiding behind his notoriety and proximity), and

power groups galore. I try to keep my players so

busy their characters have a hard time finding

enough time to go off adventuring; there have

seldom been less than a dozen subplots in play

at a time. Tied to this is the clear understanding

that people, groups, and events are all connected

in the Realms, so every word and deed has con-

sequences, just as in real life. Of course, in the

Realms, the stakes are higher, the pace faster, and

the mundane and boring elements are minimized.

Clear and swift rewards keep Realmsplay from

ever being a daily grind.

6

These characteristics are key to the longevity

and depth of my home Realms campaign, and the

thirst for detail that my superb players exhibit has

spurred me to build it into the Realms. This in

turn made it seem more real to my players, mak-

ing their imaginary achievements matter more.

My first players were the Company of Crazed

Venturers. Then rose the Swords of Eveningstar,

who became the Knights of Myth Drannor. With

other players, I explored the Realms in short-term

public library games whose participants portrayed

chartered adventuring bands in Cormyr and the

Dales such as the Company of the Unicorn and

the Company of the Manticore. At conventions

for two decades, on three continents, the Barons

Blades (hired bodyguards and agents of the baron

of Hawkhill in the remote farming foothills of

northeastern Amn) have fared forth into adven-

ture. Its all been a lot of fun, and along the way

the Realms has gained far more lore and depth

than could ever be published.

Well met! Mount up and join the ride!

A self-portrait of a much younger Ed Greenwood. Take a peek at what Im writing; Divinity in AD&D was my title for Down-to-Earth

Divinity, in issue #54 of The Dragon (I did this sketch to go with that article). Its a reminder to me and everyone that when writing

about the Realmsdeities in particular!one must Get It Right. The flying beastie (statted out in 2nd Edition format, somewhere in my

houseful of handwritten Realmslore notes) is seemingly none too pleased about what it thinks Im going to write. Wise little beastie.

7

In 1986, I began sinking the upper floor of TSRs Lake Geneva headquarters under the weight of many, many typewritten sheets. The

principal sufferer was Jeff Grubb, a superlative game designer who became a great friendand who first suggested that TSR acquire the

Realms. Every week, Jeff asked for specific lore, and I assembled and typed it up, and sent it off. This is from the first of many packages; my

response to being asked to briefly outline major regions of the Realms for anyone unfamiliar with the world.

8

I always furnished players in my campaigns with packs of brief what your character starts off knowing about the world information.

Usually twenty-odd pages, they included detailed maps of the home village or city neighborhood, and simplified, error-and-omission-

filled regional maps. This is one of the latter, showing what player characters in the Swords of Eveningstar knew about the lands

immediately around the Forest Kingdom. It echoes the style of an expensive map one could buy from a Faernian merchant.

9

1

10

So whats it like, living in the Realms?

The flippant answer is More exciting than you

would like. Given the prevalence of wars, casual

daily violence, and widespread natural or magical

disasters, its hard to see things otherwiseyet

Faernians do. Unless hardship or outright di-

saster lands in their laps, they tend to regard such

unpleasantness as happening to outlanders, far

away, often as a result of crazed or evil rulers,

bad mistakes, and the will of the gods.

Deities are paramount in Faernian life. Every-

body believes in all the gods and worships every

god (even if only in token Please dont frown upon

me in the days ahead venerations). The existence,

power, and influence of the divine are unques-

tioned by all sane beings, so no god ever need be

taken strictly on faith. Specific directives given by

mortal clergy might be taken on faithor more

often, questioned or reinterpretedbut everyone

knows the gods are real.

Atheists and agnostics are rare indeed, yet

organized religion doesnt dominate daily life be-

cause ordinary folk, and not just priests, know

that divine aims, deeds, utterances, and desires

are complex, confused, and sometimes contradic-

tory. The wants of one god necessarily conflict

E

L

S

I

L

E

B

C

I

R

E

with another (Talos of storms and destruction

versus Lathander of creation); and mortals can

never perfectly understand what the gods are up

to. Moreover, its understood that deities are falli-

ble and cant govern the future, though they work

to correctly foresee and influence it.

As a result, most mortal lives are balanced be-

tween daily needs and obligations, personal desires

(I want my own farm, someday), and the endless

great game (as Elminster once described it) of try-

ing to advance the influence and aims of this deity

and thwart or lessen the influence and aims of that

one, so as to tug the Realms closer to what you per-

sonally want it to be. There are less noble aims.

RACIAL VIEWPOINTS

Humans numerically and culturally dominate

the civilized surface Realms. Most humans hate

and fear creatures they deem monsters, such as

beholders, illithids, yuan-ti, drow, and goblinkin.

Goblinkin refers to hobgoblins, orcs, goblins,

and their lookalikes; most humans neither know

nor care about actual species differences. In the

words of the long-ago King Roreld of Athalantar,

If it looks like an orc, its an orc. Many humans

mistrust half-orcs and all elves, and a few mis-

trust all nonhumans, but in Faern, most humans

grew up dwelling or trading with elves, half-elves,

dwarves, halflings, and gnomes, and so accept

them as fellow citizens.

The folk of the Dales have typical backland

human attitudes, hating and fearing half-orcs be-

cause they cant distinguish them from the orc

mercenaries used so often by Zhentil Keep in

Daggerdale. Some also mistake half-orcs for the

beast-men (ogres) of Thar, having never seen real

ogres (and lived to tell the tale), and will reach for

the nearest weapon.

Almost all humans, elves, and dwarves in the

Realms mistrust small, non-familial groups of

orcs (four or fewer), and will be openly hostile to

larger groups. As an old upcountry saying plainly

states: Orcs is trouble. (Or, in full: Orcs is al-

ways trouble.)

Orcs are born fighters, which just keep coming

back for more. (And, the smaller inner voices of

most non-orcs add silently, orcs will kill you and

then eat you. Some of them wont even wait until

youre dead!)

Individual, urban-dwelling (in predominantly

human trading cities) halfling and gnome fami-

lies gain acceptance by making themselves useful

in the eyes of other citizens. They are the chief

source of small, clever inventions (intricate dou-

ble locks, fold-down doorstops, removable boot

scrapers that double as tools for other purposes,

heat-reflecting stove hoods and fans whose blades

are turned by the heat of cooking fires, and so

on). They do the laundry, fix small everyday ob-

jects, make speedy deliveries, and seek and find

what paying humans are missing (like a window

catch of this precise style to replace yon broken

one, or a dagger to exactly match this rapier, or

an identical rug to this one that must be hastily

gotten rid ofonly one without a large bloodstain

right in the center of it, please).

Urban-dwelling gnomes in the Realms usually

seek to be the quiet collectors and refiners of good

ideas from all cultures, keep low profiles, and

make good livings trading useful items. Gnomes

make the majority (and the best) of spectacles,

magnifying glasses, spyglasses, and other devices

involving glass lenses. Gnomes have perfected

intricate nonmagical locks and hinges, and mas-

tered large-scale paper-making and bookbinding.

They are experts on waterproof garments, por-

table containers for scrolls, and flat paper, and

are building bigger and better looms for everyday

cloth. Many gnomes are working to perfect ever

thinner and more flexible wire, and they experi-

ment with fashioning everyday items from it.

This quietly, quietly manner has led gnomes to

being the truly forgotten folk of the Realms, but

also tends to make almost everyone view them as

harmless, helpful, and friendly.

Across Faern, everyone knows that elves flit

from one delight to the next diversion, and they

crave and master the most beautiful music, danc-

ing, and visual arts linked to flowing, growing

life. It is likewise commonly held that dwarves are

stolid, stubborn hard workers, and master forg-

ers, who have unequaled skill in working stone

and metal, creating new alloys, and deep, swift

mining.

Of course, as everyone in the Realms who re-

ally thinks about such things knows, all of these

widely known views are stereotypes and gener-

alizations, with thousands upon thousands of

exceptions.

LIFE IN THE REALMS

11

Getting along together whisperingly well: Theres nothing like being in the same cabal, with your lives on the line, to close all divides. Until,

of course, things go wrong.

Whats in a Name?

Many racial attitudes are revealed in widely used

terms for the intelligent races of the Realms. In the

entries that follow, races mentioned in parentheses

indicate those that use the term directly preceding

it. If no race is mentioned, the term is in general

use (certainly among surface-dwelling humans and

merchant folk of all races). Theres little political

correctness in the Realms beyond the strictures of

polite society in a city or a well-ordered realm.

Drow: The Dark Elves, the Dark Ones, the

Accursed (by other elves).

Dwarves: The Stout Folk, anvil-hammerers.

Elves: The Fair Folk, the People (by elves).

Gnomes: The Quiet Folk.

Half lings: The Quick Folk, the Sly Folk (by

humans and dwarves).

Humans: The manyhanded (by halflings and

elves, in reference to the Manyhanded Curse, an

old elven insult), Brittle Bones (by orcs), oroosh

(by treants, using their term for never-stopping

talkers), hurbryn (by brownies, halflings, korred,

and satyrs, using their term for heavy-footed).

12

Chapter 1

Korred: The Dancing Folk.

Ogres: Beast-men.

Orcs: The Mighty (by orcs), slaugh (by elves;

this literally translates as mud-wallowing-dogs,

and is creeping into the speech of half-elves, dry-

ads, and other forest-dwelling folk).

Satyrs: The Free Folk.

Svirfneblin (deep gnomes): The Deep Folk.

All Together Now . . .

The four most widely encountered collective

terms are these:

Meat: All intelligent prey (by orcs).

The Proud Peoples: Dwarves and elves col-

lectively (by humans).

Ugrukh: Wounded, defeated, slaves, and those

too weak to defend themselves or be worthy of atten-

tion (by orcs, using their term for broken bones).

Worms: Lesser goblinkin (by orcs).

The drow and certain elder sun and moon elven

nobility (House Starym, for instance) are haughty

esthetes who view dwarves as their true foes;

gnomes as degenerate dwarves; and humans,

R

E

T

E

L

H

C

S

E

N

I

A

R

R

O

L

halflings, orcs, and crossbreeds as children so

far beneath elves in their intelligence and cul-

tural development that they are dismissed as little

better than animals able to follow instructions.

This makes those latter races idealin their

eyes slaves who can be collected, bred for traits,

experimented upon with herbs, poisons, magic,

and surgeries, andfor entertainment and bet-

ting purposeshunted or used in races, fights,

and other sporting contests.

REALMSPEAK:

TALKING THE TALK

Creating languages for gnomes, dragons, and all

the myriad races in the Realms is fun and can

add flavor to full-on roleplaying (and fragmentary

tongues for most nonhuman races exist and are

slowly being augmented, as the years pass). How-

ever, it tends to be more enjoyable around the

gaming table to have some new expressions and

borrowed elven and other examples of outland

talk to lard the Common tonguemeaning the

everyday language of the playersand impart at-

mosphere without baffling the players.

Accordingly, Ive compiled a highlights only

handy vocabulary of whats said in the Realms.

You can also pick up other words and phrases

throughout this work.

The overuse of dialect or invented words can

become tiresome or clumsy, but sprinkling speech

lightly with archaic words and phrasessuch as

 tis and  twasor invented words placed so

that context makes their meanings clear, can help

the Realms come alive as a medieval fantasy world

different from our modern world.

The constant flow of traders, adventurers, pil-

grims, and job seekers throughout Faern has

made Common the vital and paramount lan-

guage. Guilds, priesthoods, and folk in backland

areas develop their own words and expressions,

but Common is the primary tongue of trade,

because in most market moots a speaker never

knows who will be listening toand understand-

ingasides made in another tongue.

Here following is some useful Realms speech

lore.

Modern Term

or Expression  Realmspeak

anyhow

anyway

barflies

barkeep

beauty/beautiful  glim/glimmer

breakfast

dinner

foreigner

foreign goods

hick

know-it-all

anyhail

anyhail

hardjaws (refers to garrulous

tavern regulars)

tavernmaster (innkeeper is

used in the Realms, barkeep

never)

morningfeast (or mornfeast)

evenfeast (or eveningfeast)

outlander (not pejorative)

outland goods (not pejorative)

hay-nose (bumpkin also used)

clevershanks (men) or

clevertongue (women)

highsunfeast

highborn (polite use) or

highnose (deliberately rude)

highsun

mayhap (perhaps is used by

bards, minstrels, courtiers,

nobles, and between many

middle-class merchants, but

only with intimates and family,

never in public)

holy-nose (only mildly offen-

sive, akin to using cop for

policeman)

on the morrow

this night

lunch

noble

noon

perhaps

priest

tomorrow

tonight

More Involved Terms

Some of the elements of Realmspeak involve

special treatment of normal words, or are com-

plicated enough that they cant be succinctly

defined. For instance:

Art or the Art (capitalized) means magic and

its mastery.

Badaulder (bah-doll-durr) is the western

Heartlands expression for hogwash. Its usage

is creeping into Cormyr, headed for Sembia, the

Dales, and the Moonsea.

Brightstar means great, exciting, pleasing,

marvelous, or superb.

Darburl (dar-burl) means angry. For example,

Im right darburl, just now, or He makes me

proper darburl, that one.

LIFE IN THE REALMS

13

Galad is a nonsense word for Im astonished

or Im impressed.

Kell means try, but is used only when what-

ever is being tried is unfinished, nigh impossible,

tricky, or dangerous, or theres some doubt as to

whether whoevers trying it will ever accomplish

it. Kell doesnt change with tenses and is some-

times used in place of accomplish, as in Youre

not hoping to kell stealing that, are you? and

Kell such feats often, have you? Polite speech

sticks to try and tried and done, leaving

kell for cynical, disbelieving, or openly derisive

speech, such as Kings always say theyll clean all

the monsters out of the woods. Oh, and they kell,

too, for a tenday, each of them, sometimes send-

ing more than one knight to do it, too.

Lalandath means agile, sleek, and lithe. It is

often used to describe dancers or women whose

beauty is accentuated by their movements. A well-

built but sleekly dancing tavern dancer might be

spoken of thus: What a glimmer! A lalandath

spurnarmor, glim enough to leave every man in

the place rivvim!

Power (capitalized) means divine magical

powers.

Rivvim means lusty or amorous. For example,

Im fair rivvim when I looks upon her. It also

means ravenously hungry, as in I was so rivvim I

couldve eaten the cow, hooves, hair, and all!

Scorchkettles are people who habitually de-

liver impressively blistering words to someone in

public, usually because they are quick-tempered.

Spurnarmor is a spectacularly good-looking

man or woman, as in If I had those features,

Id be a spurnarmor too! or Galad! What a

spurnarmor!

Thael means glad, pleasant, or heart-lifting.

For example, Im always thael to see her, or

That feast was right thael, or I always get that

moment of thael, when I look down from the

ridge and see . . . home.

Time bells is any sort of alarm clock, wake-

up gong, or audible time signal. Originally these

were temple bells, struck to summon faithful to

particular prayers.

Throatslake (or gulletfire, for beer or wine)

is any drinkable that takes care of thirst and

doesnt cause illness in doing so, but isnt particu-

larly pleasant to consume.

Topics of Discussion

The following entries are divided according to

general subject matter and serve as a guide to how

specific and nuanced certain bits of Realmspeak

can be.

Importer: The well-established Realms terms

for such a profession are trader from afar and,

more often, far-trader, which doesnt mean a

foreign merchant who has come from a long way

awaywho is an outlander merchantbut

rather someone who trades in goods from afar.

Far-shipper and caravan merchant are also

common terms, both used to refer to merchants

who bring outland goods into Waterdeep for sale,

though far-shipper implies a two-way trade car-

ried on by a trader who largely remains in the city,

and caravan merchant implies a traveling trader

who literally does the bringing and taking himself

or herself.

The term long-cask merchant means some-

one who deals in goods that have made a long

journey, whether the wares are actually shipped in

casks or not. A far-wares merchant is someone

who sells goods from afar, but might not neces-

sarily ship them; many Waterdhavian shopkeepers

buy crates and coffers of curios that catch their

eye from Dock Ward warehouses, rather than ar-

ranging specific importations.

Hooligan: The Waterdhavian terms for non-

professional street louts and others who behave

rudely and violently are toughs, fastfists, and

alleyblades. Toughs is a general collective term,

bespeaking an attitude of habitual street loiterers;

fastfists are those who are belligerent at that very

moment, such as when drunks spill out of a tavern

spoiling for a fight; and alleyblades are lowlife,

opportunistic thieves and scavengers who lurk in

alleys and carry knives or homemade weapons to

threaten or to defend themselves with. Any pur-

veyors of muscle hired on a long-term basis, such

as the Take care of that for me, will you? gangs

hired by most nobles and wealthy non-nobles, are

called bullyblades.

The Sword Coast term for vandals is cask-

smashers, and the damage done is casking

(even if no casks are involved in a particular in-

cident). Fang gangs are Dock Ward and South

Ward street gangs who use knives and carve gang

sigils on their forearms (or less conspicuous

places) and on their victims.

14

Chapter 1

Posers who pretend to be hard, violent types,

but who are usually thrill-seeking teenagers, are

called sharpjaws because of their sneering, deri-

sive words, and aggression.

Paramour: Rose is the Waterdhavian term

for a beau, a suitor, or the one I desire. Hes

my rose or Shes my rose can mean either He

or she is the one I want or We long for each

other. It can mean the love of my life, but

more often it means someone I long to have as

my partner, or we both desire to be together, but

havent yet actually become intimates.

Brightheart means someone your heart is

set on, now that the two of you have kissed and

danced, been seen together at revels, and felt a

desire to see more of each other.

Stag (for males) or doe (for females) is

a polite (and bardic) way of describing a lover,

whereas buck or steed (or filly or mare)

are jocular, among-the-lads talk. These lat-

ter terms would not be used in front of parents,

priests, or disapproving relatives.

Lovers and brightbirds are perfectly po-

lite, neutral terms in Sword Coast cities, the latter

implying two people who are is courting but not

necessarily intimate.

Fancyman or fancylass is a disapproving

pejorative, as in Your fancymans been around

again; and if the speaker is older than the per-

son being spoken of, fancyman will become

fancylad.

Escort: Many terms are used to describe this

profession, shifting over time and with locale and

the social standing of either the person being de-

scribed or the individual describing them.

A coin lass (for females) or a turncoin (for

males) waits in an alley to attract clients. The es-

cort usually entertains the client in a rented room,

which might be where he or she lives, or off the

alleyway, down in a cellar. Most often, such a

rented room is upstairs, above a street-level shop

that has no connection with the escort.

A highcoin lass or a laugh-lad is an escort who

is more expensive and glim (beautiful, as in She

was right glim or A proper glimmer, she was!).

Such an individual is better dressed than every-

day commoners and generally higher class. She

or he has a full set of teeth, bathes regularly, and

wears clean clothes that arent torn or in need of

mending.

A highcoin lady or a bright spear is an escort

who tries to dress, act, and speak like a noble,

both to dazzle young clients and to attract cus-

tomers interested in nobility.

An escort of either gender who is so slick in

manner and deft in solicitations that only a few

clients know their trade at all is a hidecoin. A

vanishcoin, in contrast, is anyonenot just an

escortwho cheats on a business deal, thereby

making coin disappear (often by taking it else-

where forever).

Nouveau Riche: Down the centuries, in all

Faernian societies, there has been tension be-

tween the nobility and those who aspire to such

statusto say nothing of the tension between

the wealthy and the hard-working, middle-class-

or-lower guilded merchants, shopkeepers, and

crafters (craft workers). There are many terms

used to describe the wealthy who lack titles or

have only recently acquired them.

Newcoin is a pejorative that refers to those

who are newly rich and spending to show it off.

Brightcoin is used for the socially ris-

ing. Its actually a polite term unless twisted by

words attached to it. Drippingly brightcoin, for

instance, means one who is ostentatious in spend-

ing, blindly adherent to fashion, and inclined to

display put-on manners. Bright-fisted-coin re-

fers one who is ramming ones own success down

the throats of friends, acquaintances, and anyone

within reach or earshot, or the practice of such

behavior, as in He was loud and rude, full of

bright-fisted-coin talk, all the while; we couldnt

wait to be rid of him!

Thrusters are tirelessly ambitious social

climbers. No arrogance is necessarily implied;

this word characterizes someone who will do any-

thing to advance in standing, from behaving as a

sycophant to moving to another neighborhood to

performing all sorts of demeaning roles or decep-

tions; a whatever it takes willingness.

Highmantle is used for someone who is suc-

cessfully superior or refined in manners, as in

someone who is politely haughty, not sneeringly

over-the-top offensively haughty. It is used both

for old-money families and genuine nobles, as

well as for persons whom the speaker knows to

be newly wealthy or not wealthy at all, but who

have successfully acted in a noble manner. For ex-

ample, And there he was, right in the thick of the

LIFE IN THE REALMS

15

dance, all proper highmantle, for all Faern as if

hed been born bathing in gold coins!

Highnose describes one who displays a

general haughtiness. Also known in use are

highnosed and nose-worthy.

Swirlcloaks are those trying to copy the ac-

cents, phrases, fashions, gestures, and pastimes

of the nobility. In particular, the term refers to

someone who has suddenly come into money and

wants to elicit better treatment from others by

acting noble so as to be treated as noble.

Thieves: The Realms has as many terms for

thieves as it does for escorts. Idiotically reck-

less thieves are known as snatch-runners, even if

their crimes dont actually involve snatching or

running. Its a pejorative term used for those too

foolish to avoid being caught soon if they dont

learn them some wisdom in a hurry.

Clumsy thieves are inevitably fumblehands,

whereas a deft, veteran thief is a softshadow, as

in: Never even seen im! He took her necklace,

tiara, and all soft as a passing shadow! Someone

new to thievery is politely termed a dayblood,

meaning the thief doesnt yet have the blood of

the night in him.

The blood of the night refers to the feel, the

nature, or the essence of what it is to steal for a

living. Nightblood is a general term, devoid of

judgment, for an individual of the profession. For

example:

Who was out on the roof making such a noise?

Not a nightblood, surely!

Nay, not even a fumblehands; just some ad-

dlepate or lovelorn tryster out to try to break his

neck for himself!

Curses and Epithets

Like everyone else, Faernians cuss from time to

time. Here are a few of the most popular Heart-

lands profanities.

Haularake (hah-rake; pronounced very

quickly, as if it has but two syllables) is the all-

faiths, acceptable in polite society equivalent of

gods darn it all, anyway.

Sark (ssark, drawn-out s) is a more pow-

erful form of haularake, equivalent to gods

damn it all!

Hrast (hur-rast) is a non-deity-specific

damn.

Hrammar (hur-ram-uh) is a hrast equiva-

lent used in the Shining South.

Naeth (naythh, drawn-out th) is the

equivalent of saying dung.

Naed (nayd) is a stronger form of naeth.

Orbal (or-ball) is the Shining South equiva-

lent of naeth.

Sabruin (sah-broo-in) is the equivalent of 

you or  off.

Tluin (tuh-loo-in) is the most emphatic way

of saying sabruin.

Stlarn (stuh-larn) or stlarning is a mild

expletive, about equivalent to screw, as in

Bah! They cant do one simple thing without

stlarning up!

Hrasting (hur-rast-ing) is a mild form of

stlarning, not associated with hrast.

Straek (strrake, drawn-out r) means go

drown yourself, right now and painfully.

Then there are longer oaths. These are many and

fanciful, but a handful see widespread use in a

shortened, expletive-handy form.

Bind me! (long form Bind me and tar me)

is a slightly stronger equivalent of Weell, strike

me down!

Dark! (long form Dark and empty!) is the

equivalent of saying Damn and blast!

Hells! (long form Those of all the Nine

Hells take you!) began as the Faernian equiva-

lent of saying The devil take you, but is now

closer to Hell take us all.

Red garters! (long form Ill turn out your

guts for blood red garters!) which means, Ho,

youre going to catch it.

One mildly comical oath, still said in earnest

by older Faernians, usually when astonished, is:

Happy dancing hobgoblins! (Hobgoblins do not

say this, and are not amused when they hear it.)

The Art of the Insult

The provocative, demeaning, and antagonistic

terms and expressions in Realmspeak are as many

and varied as those who hurl them. However, the

more formal and less profane onessuch as those

written in books and drawled by noblestend to

take the form of The stench of your X befouls

you, where X might be the low, coarse ways

of your heritage or your flagrant misdeeds or

16

Chapter 1

your transgressions against the gods and all rea-

sonable folk.

There are old, well-used provocations (Your

dam and sire met but once, and coin changed

handsone coin, of copper, and bent) and more

inventive ones (Dragons fall stunned from the

skies when they behold what you are so bold as

to call your face, peering up at them). Minstrels

and playwrights ensure that the Realms receives a

constant supply of new nastiness, from wry obser-

vations (His mother named him after the family

stallion, for some curious reason) to the crude

and direct (For once, try not to act as stupid as

your face tells all the world you are).

It should be noted that halflings, gnomes,

orcs, and elves all tend to be more amused than

angered by insults directed at them. The same

is true of dwarves, unless their female ancestors

or living kin are impugned. Human actors, min-

strels, bards, courtiers, and caravan merchants

are the targets of so many insults that such in-

dividuals soon learn to take them calmly even if

naturally hot-tempered. Drow, beholders, and

illithids tend to be intelligent enough to keep con-

trol over themselves when they believe they have

been disrespected, but to call any of them nigh

human is an insult indeed.

Noblespeak in Waterdeep

A Waterdhavian addresses everyone of known

noble status as lord or lady (toddlers and

young children usually as young lord or young

lady). Brief bows are considered polite, but deep

or florid ones are now often taken as mockery.

Saer (rather than sir), or goodwoman for

a female, is used by those uncertain of a persons

status but not wanting to give offense. No offense

will be taken (except when one Waterdhavian

noble addresses another one as saer).

Saer is also sometimes used to signal respect

when you know youre addressing someone not

noble, but you believe the person has behaved

nobly, and so is worthy to stand with the best.

A typical noble family consists of the Lord

Bladderblat, who is the head of the house and

who may or may not be its eldest male, and sev-

eral Lord Bladderblats (his sons, cousins,

brothers, and uncles). Old Lord Bladderblat

always refers to an immediately previous head

of the house, so its either the dead father of the

N

A

N

N

E

R

D

K

C

I

R

The badge of the Trail Lords trading coster, whose members are

proud to call themselves wolves among merchants. Rivals just

call them the Snarling Wolves.

current head or (rarely) someone dismissed from

being head of the house (perhaps exiled, deposed,

vanished, fled, or locked up as dangerously in-

sane). In the same manner, the family can have

multiple Lady Bladderblats. It should be noted,

however, that widows are usually referred to as

Dowager Lady Bladderblat when speaking of

them, but just Lady Bladderblat when speaking

to them (widowers are accorded no such titular

distinction).

To address a Bladderblat as young master or

young mistress is seen as a form of admonish-

ment. (The word miss in the Realms means

fail to hit what you were aiming at; its un-

known as a form of address.) When spoken to

an infant, a toddler, or a misbehaving youth (up

to the age of eight or nine), young master or

young mistress is quite acceptable in the eyes

of the childs noble parents, even if the speaker is

a servant, outlander, or the dirtiest of low com-

moners. When used to address an older noble,

its an insult, toleratedthough not with plea-

sureonly when used by the Watch or guard or

palace officers, or (passed off as not insulting)

when used by a very old noble to a younger noble.

The doddering, eighty-year-old Lady Glunder,

for instance, might say it disapprovingly to an

adolescent Lord Bladderblat and not discomfit

the Bladderblats at all; as an elder noble it is Lady

Glunders perfect right to speak thus.

LIFE IN THE REALMS

17

Among adult Waterdhavian nobles (who, nat-

urally, all know each other and see each other

often at feasts, clubs, and revels), its an insult

to address someone by the wrong title. As men-

tioned above, an adult noble will take offense if

called saer by another noble, when that person

wouldnt be upset at all if a commoner or out-

lander addressed him or her as such. Nobles refer

to themselves as we lords or we worthies,

and they speak of the ruling Hidden Lords and

the Open Lord as the Lords of the City. Nobles

usually refer to non-noble Waterdhavians as citi-

zens when being polite, and commoners when

being impolite.

Bladderblat and Glunder are not real

Waterdhavian noble surnames, but every city in-

habitant or frequent visitor knows them. They are

the two fictitious noble surnames most popular

among Waterdhavian satirical broadsheet writers,

minstrels, and tellers of rude street jokes. (How

did Lord Bladderblat decide if young Lady Glun-

der was a suitable match for his son? He tried

her out himself, of course. Several times.) The

names originated as one acid-penned nobles way

of decrying the antics of certain other nobles, cen-

turies ago, when everyone knew the specific real

individuals who were being described and made

fun of. Today, no one even remembers which

noble invented these fancynames (the Water-

dhavian term for pseudonyms), and they have

evolved into general archetypes.

How to Address Rulers

Many areas of Faern have distinctive forms of

government and correspondingly particular ways

of referring to those who rule.

In Waterdeep, most citizens rarely have the

opportunity to speak to the Masked Lords (the

anonymous rulers of Waterdeep, who may or may

not be noble) directly, aside from very formal set-

tings such as legal trials. When they do, theyre

usually speaking to a row of featureless masks, so

they say merely, Lords. When speaking to the

Open Lord, almost every Waterdhavian who isnt

his personal friend will say Lord Piergeiron (or,

by 1479 DR, Lord Neverember), shortening

it to Lord only if they converse together for a

time.

In Amn, members of the council are supposed

to be addressed either as High Honored One or

by their specific title, such as Lord Tessarch.

In Cormyr, the king and queen are Your

Majesty and all other royals are Your High-

ness. Nobility and senior courtiers are lord

and lady, with saer and goodwoman used

whenever the speaker is uncertain of rank, some-

thing that can give offense if said to someone

of exalted rank. However, if saer or good-

woman is said with a bow of the head, respect is

implied and no offense will usually be taken by

someone thus addressed, even if he or she is of

exalted rank.

Speaking of Time

Time in the Realms is never spoken of in terms of

hours or minutes. Where we would say a second

or two, most Faernian humans say a breath

or two, and what we would call a minute is a

goodly breath or three. Dwarves tend to call

anything up to about three minutes but a little

while, whereas a halfling would call the same

span of time a long song. To a halfling, a min-

ute is a tune, and ten minutes is three long

songs. Most halflings tend to speak of longer

time periods within a single day in terms of how

far the sun has progressed.

In cities, temples, and monasteries, the equiva-

lent of hours are bells or candles (which

visibly burn down). These are counted in refer-

ence to or from an obvious event, such as dawn,

dusk, or highsun (noon), as in the trouble began

three bells before nightfall.

The common (as opposed to regional or poetic)

terms for the periods of each day are as follows.

Modern Term

predawn

dawn

full morning

late morning

noon

early afternoon

late afternoon

sunset

gloaming

dusk

night

midnight

Realmspeak

godswake

dawn

harbright

elsun,

highsun

thulsun

tharsun

sunset

eventide

nightfall or dusk

night

midnight or deepnight

18

Chapter 1

In Waterdeep, the clock time is counted in so

many bells, but folk also refer to times of day by

habitual meals. Breakfast is mornfeast, a mid-

morning break is slake, lunch is highsunfeast,

a tharsun snack is highthar, supper or dinner

is evenfeast, a late evening meal is high-

feast, and a night meal is a brightstarfeast.

It bears noting that most Waterdhavian shop-

keepers, nobles, and guilded merchants refer to

late afternoons as highthar, or more formally

highthar-time. Special-occasion night meals are

named for the special occasion of which they are

a part.

To a caravan merchant, a drover, or a farmer

from the lands around Waterdeep, as well as any

Waterdhavian noble (or aspiring noble) who rides

for sport, recreation, hunt, or to fly falcons, late

afternoon is longride, and dusk is last ride.

In most walled cities that close their gates at

night, bells are triple-struck to mark when city

gates are about to soon open (if not at dawn) and

again when they are soon to close (if not at dusk).

Double-strikes are rung to mark the opening of

shops on workdays in some cities, and again to

mark the daily closing of shops.

Days in the realms are never referred to as

Monday, Tuesday, or any real-world weekday

name. Most folk in the Realms refer to a par-

ticular day as the first of Mirtul or the last of

Eleint or as one of the annual festival days. If

one must be precise, something like the first day

of the first tenday of Ches might be heard. If this

date is written or spoken of formally, it becomes

1st Ches.

THE WRITTEN WORD

Some folk in the Realms are illiterate, and

care little if they remain so. Others value writ-

ings so highly that they hire the most expensive

veteran adventuring bands to steal or seize

particular books.

Magical tomes are the most infamous, valu-

able, and dangerous books of all; some are linked

to monstrous custodians, or even contain guard-

ian spells, poisons, or creatures. Some can see,

think, fly, and unleash spells, thanks to the

sentience bound into them. For centuries, the

Chosen of Mystra have secretly placed magi-

cal scrolls, workbooks, spellbooks, and mighty

grimoires in wizards tombs, treasuries, and even

in public libraries for novices of the Art to find.

Other enchanted tomes seem to want to be found;

the magics on them move them into the open, out

of hiding, time and time again.

Yet even utterly unmagical books are valu-

able, interestingand sometimes dangerous.

Of course, in the eyes of some rulers, all books

are dangerous, because an ignorant populace is

more easily ruled, and any information can be a

weapon. Whats certain, down the centuries, is

that books, like the best gems, retain their value

more than almost anything else thats easily

portable.

Many temples derive a lot of income from

copying maps, charts, and portions of books from

their libraries. So do some independent scribes

(who often call themselves scriveners) in larger

cities across the Realms. In smaller settlements,

scribes spend most of their professional time

writing letters on behalf of the illiterate or the un-

steady of hand.

Regular books are quiet things, and so often

overlookedbut there is always a roaring trade in

such items in the Realms.

Maps and Charts

Maps in the Realms are expensive works, being

rare, easily damaged or destroyed, and more often

inaccurate than not. Large, detailed, good maps

are usually owned by rulers, from mayors of cit-

ies who have sewer and street maps, up to kings

who own large and varied collections of old and

fanciful maps from everywhere. A fair number of

maps are also owned by temples, guildmasters,

and the families of mapmakers, explorers, and

adventurers.

In many cases, limners (painters or portrait

drawers), local heralds, and scribes make good

livings copying simplified portions of maps

from such collections. Royal scribes and reli-

gious scribes are on staff at the court and the

temple, and make copies for stiff fees. Indepen-

dent scribes access the aforementioned private

family collections, and in some cases temple and

court collections, by paying fees. An independent

scribe usually pays a set fee, per map, for access.

This fee covers the time of the junior courtier or

novice priest who brings the map to a work area

within the court or the temple, as well as the time

LIFE IN THE REALMS

19

that individual spends watching while the scribe

works, to guard against theft, mutilation of maps,

and substitutions of false maps. The fee usually

amounts to a portion, usually a third or a half,

of the price the scribe charges the client for the

finished map. This means that maps for sale are

usually found or stolen items; most independent

scribes dont create a specific map until hired to

do so.

It follows that books of maps are very rare and

precious things, sometimes part of the most se-

cret treasure of a guild or a temple, perhaps part

of a royal collection and kept in a closely guarded

inner vault.

The most famous book of maps, known to

most bards and minstrels by reputation only, is

A Manyrealms Gallimaufry by the cartographer

Trammeth Anstrelgor. Candlekeep owns a frag-

mentary copy (most books of maps suffer the

vandalism of having one or more maps torn out);

the complete original, according to legend, was

buried circa 1114 DR with Anstrelgor in his tomb,

somewhere forgotten in Tethyr.

The most infamous one is Relvors Portals, a

slender grimoire of spells, portal locations and

instructions, and portal vicinity maps. A dozen

heavily vandalized copies are known to exist, and

a few have been bought and sold at mage fairs

transfers which involved the murder of owners

and worse.

Many realms have official map books for the

use of garrison commanders and other public of-

ficials, usually containing maps restricted to the

realm. One of the best of these is the constantly

updated Crown Book of the Realm for Cormyr, a

slim collection of Cormyrean palace, castle, city,

town, and village street maps.

The best collections of maps in the Heartlands,

in descending order, are located in or at:

the Heralds Holdfast;

Candlekeep;

Piergeirons palace in Waterdeep;

the Star Court in Silverymoon;

various hidden vaults beneath the high palace

in Silverymoon;

the Hallowed House of Higher Achievement

temple to Deneir in Selgaunt;

the royal court in Suzail;

the Society of Stalwart Adventurers club in

Suzail;

the Leaves of Learning temple to Oghma in

Highmoon, in Deepingdale;

the Halls of Inspiration temple to Oghma in

Silverymoon;

the Twilight Hall temple to Deneir in Berdusk;

and

the Sanctum of the Seven Scribes (a book and

map-copying library) in Athkatla.

Nautical charts tend to be cruder, more inaccu-

rate, and even more precious than maps. Many

sea captains draw their own, usually using lit ta-

pers or quills to burn markings in cured, durable

bull hide as they consult the chart of another

captainin return for stiff fees and under the

watchful eye of that captain. The buying and sell-

ing of even spurious charts is a roaring business

in most port cities, and some scribes make a good

living turning out endless copies of a fragmentary

original chart they found or inherited.

Popular Literature

Personal accounts of travels predominate among

human publications across Toril. These are the

same sort that were so popular in real-world Eu-

rope during the times of exploration, discovery,

and colonization; the sort of books parodied by

such mock titles as A Gentleladys Adventures in

Darkest Murkaria or Down the River of Doom with

Gun and Camera. In the Realms, there are so many

of these that no one tome has risen to prominence.

This phenomenon is due to the same reason

that real-world fiction varies widely in genre and

style: the books are read primarily for enjoy-

ment rather than for information. Of course, for

a book to be successful in Faern, its essential

that it purport to contain some practical lore or

insider information. The style of writingwhich

is humorous, filled with you are there rich

descriptions, and resembles good yarn fanci-

ful tavern-tale-tellingis more important than

up-to-date factual content. Some peculiar local

habits and customs are imparted, stereotypes

about the folk of a particular land or town are

passed on, and some good fireside yarnsalways

embellished and sometimes entirely fictitious

are thrown in.

Wayfarers histories are considered essential

reading for educated persons, as the sage Ontil

of Baldurs Gate put it, but no one agrees on just

20

Chapter 1

which titles are best, which has prevented any

of them rising to famous, truly essential status.

Lasting popularity is the only way a dispassion-

ate observer can identify the best candidates to be

placed on any core reading list.   A few titles that

have enjoyed some lasting popularity include:

My Sword Points the Way (by Tarrondur Mae-

rinspyke, first published 1246 DR): This book

centers on a handsome, dashing Tethyrian adven-

turer, made rich by his many marriages to wealthy

widows, who tours the wilder backlands of coun-

tries around the Sea of Fallen Stars. He ends up

in contented service, in his declining years, in Da-

randras House, a small, now-vanished temple to

Sharess in Deepingdale. His descriptions are dated

but very colorful, and provide a handy collection of

local jokes, legends, and tall tales that have served

more than one adventurer trying to pretend to be

a long-lost local, returned home at last.

Lancegroves Travels (1277-1296 DR diaries by

Tal Lancegrove, posthumously edited into book

form by his daughter Tarteera Lancegrove, and

published in 1306 DR): This book covers the ex-

ploits of a tireless merchant-explorer of Iriaebor

who fared far into the Moonsea North and the

lands east of the Great Dale, seeking trade goods,

gems, and gold. It is packed with descriptions of

trails, mountain passes, wayfarers landmarks,

local weather, and perils, and filled with now-

dated analyses of local politics and mercantile

power struggles.

Lornra Among the Loxo (by Sharmra Lornra,

published in 1322 DR): Lornra tells the tale of the

bold pirate Lorna the Reaver who, facing certain

death as several foes closed in on her, abruptly

abandoned her life of Inner Sea piracy to journey

overland, laden with the rich spoils of her success.

Her travels ultimately took her to the depths of

the Shaar, where she joined and dwelled among

certain tribes of the elephantine loxo, making a

Ive always loved giving players handouts, particularly in the form of messages found as graven inscriptions, passages in books or ledgers,

words scorched or written in blood on walls, or scrawls on scraps of parchment found on corpses. These could be just in plain English, but

its so much more fun (and makes players feel the world alive) to write them in the scripts of the dozen-some languages I devised for the

Realms. The illusionists secret script; symbols used by thieves, the Harpers, and other groups; the runes of dwarves, and so on.

LIFE IN THE REALMS

21

life for herself that culminated in her defeating

adventurers sent to find her, romancing a mage

among them, and convincing him to magically

transform himself and her into loxo form. They

led their tribe to defeat several other tribes, but

were ultimately cast out by the loxo, which had

become increasingly revolted by their warlike na-

ture and aggressive pursuit of power. Ultimately

they retired to an ancient, hidden tomb-labyrinth

in the heart of the Shaar, where they dwelled,

crafting portals, pursuing covert lives of magical

thefts, and trading in poisons, weapons, potions,

drugs, and spells until the mage (named Bren-

taen) was killed. Lornra then wound her business

down, spending much of her time thereafter writ-

ing Lornra Among the Loxo and sneaking through

portals to murder folk who had displeased her.

She has not been heard from for some decades.

In addition to containing detailed accounts of

amorous dalliances and some portal-finding and

portal-operating instructions, the book hints at

where in the Shaar she buried various chests of

her gold and gems, and to this day enjoys brisk

sales among coin-hungry adventurers.

Each of the above works, and the dozen or so

almost-as-popular rivals, exist in hundreds or

thousands of copies scattered across Faern, most

in several editions. If a merchant notices a title

selling briskly, he holds one copy back to serve

as the master for a new printinga feat accom-

plished by copying it out by hand in multiples.

This task is often done by using childrenwho

dont have to read to be able to precisely copy an

originalor the elderly, who can be had for little

pay. It is also sometimes done by re-cutting the

story onto new wooden blocks, again by someone

who need not be able to read what theyre copy-

ing. The original author rarely gets paid anything

for these later editions, and might never know of

their existence.

Philosophical Tomes

Written philosophy in the Realms is dominated

by religious dogma and thought, tempered by

semi-secret tricks of the trade writings about

rulership and business success. The rulership

books are often kept in private royal libraries,

with public copies outlawed or snapped up by

Crown agents. Business success books tend to be

gathered in guild libraries but are hawked across

the Realms by every peddler and caravan mer-

chant. These business books cant successfully

be suppressed by anyone, particularly since new

titles are published almost every month. New re-

leases in this genre often endlessly rehash or even

directly copy the ideas and prose of older writers,

often without any acknowledgment.

There are also cosmological writings that

in the main brush past religious views, to treat

Realmspace (even if none of them call it that) as a

region to be explored rather than the home of the

gods or as the realm of an afterlife.

Of these explorations that explore the known

universe without overmuch religious slant or

through the eyes of faith, the most important

works are The Great Realms in the Stars by Jhevven

Dree of Tharsult (1332 DR) and Realms Beyond

Those We Know by Armlarra Stormcloak (1338 DR).

Dree writes of elven skyships and realms

those vessels can sail to, where the skies are dif-

ferent, and he envisages other worlds than this

one without specifying what they are. He sug-

gests that the gods are divine because they can

call on the energies of these other worlds when

we mortals cant, and that they achieve their own

immortality, unless slain by other gods, by being

able to put some of their vital essences on these

other worlds, out of reach of any mortal foe. Dree

speculates that mortals could become gods if they

developed the Art sufficiently to be able to un-

derstand and reliably manipulate the energies of

these other worlds, reach and come to understand

them, and leave vital parts of themselves there

as all gods do. Drees scanty and fragmentary

descriptions of these other worlds suggest he has

visited places very different from Torilperhaps

even other planes of existence.

Stormcloak takes a different approach. She be-

lieves that the nature and specifics of the gods and

godhood are beyond mortals and that specula-

tions on such matters are, and can only ever be, a

waste of time, spittle, and ink. The realms beyond

Toril are merely places where different skies are

seen, different conditions pertain, and different

strange beasts roam, which folk of Faern should

explore and exploit as they dare. She devotes her-

self to describing as much as she has been able to

learn from diverse sources, many of them deemed

mad, but the vivid descriptions in her book lack

22

Chapter 1

named and identified places or clear and coherent

ways to reach them.

Both Dree and Stormcloak are still alive,

though frailly and elderly, and both are said to be

working on new books eagerly awaited by many

sages, adventurers, and merchants across Faern.

Religious Writings

These sorts of books are vast, and can be divided

into five kinds.

Temple Histories: Straightforward accounts

of the founding, development, events and achieve-

ments of a particular shrine, temple, holy site,

abbey, monastery, or other holy place of a faith.

Sermons: Collections of messages, holy

thoughts and prayers, and other writings intended

to be read aloud to the faithful as part of religious

rites.

Religious Dogma: The official creed of the

church, any divine pronouncements and holy

laws, and the specific conduct and instructions

for holy rites.

Inspirational Texts: Writings about deities,

interpreting their actions, words, manifestations,

and signs.

Personal Holy Histories: Accounts by mortal

individuals of how they came to primarily worship

one deity over others, converted from one pri-

mary faith to another, or how they were changed

by divine contacts and holy experiences.

Books of sermons are by far the most numerous

tomes to be bought and either hurled onto fires

as fuel or found in the temples and the homes

of the devout. Many faiths deliberately leave

copies of them in shrines and at holy sites for pil-

grims or faithful passersby to take, read, and be

inspired by.

Personal holy histories are the most popular

books bought and soldbut only among those of

the same faith as the author.

Every temple will have copies of all five kinds

of books, with inspirational texts being the most

poorly represented (or even hidden away and

disapproved of). Thanks to all the gods being

considered real and important, there are no big

names of religious books that rise above the rest.

Perhaps the most famous popular religious

writers are the warring sages Rondarro of Sel-

gaunt and Askral of Calimport. These two sages

learned disagreements over what importance

this or that deity places on the monetary value of

offerings versus diligent prayer and belief has es-

calated, over the years, into a personal feud that

ended up with each one taking caustically sarcas-

tic opposing views in chapbook after rebutting

chapbook dealing with almost every faith.

Rondarros most famous work is From the Dawn

Cataclysm to the End of All (1316 DR), though

most people have heard of it but never read a

word of it. Askrals most popular work is How

Wrong Can One Sembian Be? (1324 DR), which is

valued more for its viciously eloquent attacks on

Rondarro than for the views it espouses.

Its thought that both men are still alive, but

trapped in a spell cast on them by the exasper-

ated queen of Aglarond after they attacked at each

other at a conclave she was attending in Baldurs

Gate. This spell, legend has it, placed their bod-

ies in a stasis while their minds wander a maze,

debating with various spectral servants of Mystra.

Other sages believe that both must have gone mad

long agobut still others insist they were mad

long before The Simbuls spell.

The Rules of Rulership

The most infamous source of advice for rulers is

the Calishite courtier Erlo Elraedan, who in 1212

DR published his only known work, The Blood-

Drenched Throne. An often mocking, generally

ruthless how-to book on how to reward, scare,

awe, or earn the love of subjects, it was written for

rulers who use armed soldiers to do their bidding.

Elraedan advocates that a ruler promote just

laws and then establish a not-so-secret personal

strike force that is clearly above the law, and can

with impunity do anything to any citizen. He

also considers holding onto rule at all costs to be

the duty of every ruler, because every transfer

of rulership weakens a realm. Ruling firmly and

consistently, showing ruthlessness rather than

mercy, is therefore also a rulers duty, because

uncertainty, change, and vacillation all leave a

realm weaker and more vulnerable, even if only in

reputation.

Elraedan has harsh words, however, for rul-

ers who become so wrapped up in holding power

that they surround themselves with sycophants

rather than honest advisors and reporters, and

who never properly prepare a successor and

LIFE IN THE REALMS

23

an orderly succession. He lauds a minor rob-

ber baron lordling of the Border Kingdoms, an

otherwise forgotten warrior named Skalandro

Sarlawge, who chose Harlar Dawnstrake, his rival

and a strong warrior and rebel, as his succes-

sor. Sarlawge built up Dawnstrakes reputation

by spreading false rumors of his prowess, invited

Dawnstrake to a feast, and there arranged his

own death by way of a fiery spell cast by a con-

cealed mage, in a staged moment that made it

seem as though the gods had struck down Sar-

lawge and chosen Dawnstrake as his successor.

The Book of Dragons

Sammaster, the founder of the Cult of the

Dragon, trusted no one. However, he partially

trusted a few individuals within the cult far more

than he did others. One such was a sly rogue

known as Indithul, who as an intrepid adven-

turing agent of the Cult foundand useda

magical means of longevity in a tomb he plun-

dered. As a result, Indithul yet lives. He and some

others have confirmed that Sammaster ached to

find and use a long-lostor rather, long-hidden

magical tome: The Book of Dragons.

The Book of Dragons was hidden by Khelben

Blackstaff Arunsun at the direct order of the

goddess Mystra herself. Said to be a large book

bound in electrum, with metal pages in which the

letters and other characters have been stamped,

this tome contains short, fanciful tales about

the lives of various dragons, written to be read

aloud to children. The dragons associated with

each story are real wyrms, magically bound in

stasis somewhere in the Realms. And as each

story is read, as Sammaster believed (and which

Elminster has confirmed as truth), the dragon as-

sociated with it is released, to fly free in Faern.

Sammaster coveted the book to try to induce

the dragons linked to it to become dracoliches

and part of the cult, but he never found it. Sev-

eral senior mages of the Zhentarim also sought

it, some hiring several bands of adventurers to

hunt in places they thought it might be, includ-

ing the Ghost Holds of Battledale, one of the

half-drowned cellars under Marsember, and deep

inside Undermountain. They, too, failed to re-

cover it. One band brought back the claims of a

wizard who called himself the Keeperclaims

they obtained through torture, ere the wizard

died of their ungentle questioningthat The Book

of Dragons had been wrested from him by a living,

unbound dragon, and that the book is now part of

its hoard.

There have been many suggestions as to who

crafted The Book of Dragons, but most are mere

speculation. Orondryn of Cormanthor, a sorcerer

sage-of-Art who vanished long before the City of

Song first became Myth Drannor, believed that

Ioulaum of the Netherese made it and magically

bound the twenty-six dragons linked to it. But

this might be his mere speculation. Whatever the

truth of the tomes origins, the dragons linked to

it were magically bound against their will, very

long ago, and when freed they are both furious

and bewildered. The Realms is warned.

Literacy in Cormyr

In Cormyr, ever since Azoun IV ascended to the

throne, the rulers of Cormyr have made certain

that all Purple Dragons can read and writea

skill that they ensure gets practice by having them

filing brief but frequent written reports. They

have strongly encouraged all Cormyrean nobility

to train their entire households to read and write,

as well.

This campaign began with Azoun IV under the

persistent urging of both his court sage Alaphon-

dar and the man who really ran the kingdom, the

wizard Vangerdahast. Their reasons were many,

but the public ones are as follows:

More literate native-born Cormyreans means a

larger pool of folk from which courtiers and spies

can be drawn.

Oersons with a natural aptitude for the Art can

more easily advance because they already know

how to read and write spells.

A more literate general populace cuts down on

casual dishonesty in trade.

A more literate general populace increases

the chance that random commoners will able to

recognize important, suspicious, and danger-

ous writing if they come across it. This issue has

been a problem in the past, when Sembians used

Cormyrean illiteracy to write to each other in

Cormyrean taverns, knowing that no one could

understand their true conversation.

As well as training soldiers and cajoling the no-

bility to train their people, the Crown of Cormyr

24

Chapter 1

The loudest and most persistent seekers of the Book of Dragons have thus far found only false trails, trapsand their deaths. Most sages

are unsurprised when new accounts of these frustrated endeavors arise.

began a policy early in Azouns reign that con-

tinues to this day of making monetary donations

to local tutors and priests of Deneir and Oghma

for freely teaching anyone who asks how to read

and write.

Some of the enticements to read are chap-

books, which are coverless booklets of only a few

pages in length, about as wide and tall as a large

mans hand, and riders. Chapbooks are racy

tales sold by peddlers and caravan merchants,

that purport to tell the latest lurid gossip about

social and court life in Suzail. Riders are collec-

tions of installments of three sorts of serialized

stories: simple adventure tales for children, the

exploits of larger-than-life adventurers, and one

steamy ongoing saga of a devastatingly handsome

and morally flexible fictional noble swashbuckling

his way across the realm.

Thats what counts as literature to many

crofters across Cormyr.

However, in the three cities of the realm, and

among certain families and individuals scattered

R

O

N

N

O

C



O

M

A

I

L

L

I

W

all across the Forest Kingdom, serious literature

also exists. Of course, no Cormyrean would ever

call it that, because the Forest Kingdom entirely

lacks any literary snobbery, except among sages

sniping at each others published works for re-

flecting biases or exhibiting lazy scholarship.

In a given year, five hundred or so books are

published in Cormyr, mainly in Suzail, although

there are also binderies in Arabel. Of these, about

one hundred fifty or so are scholarly sagecraft,

commonly known as furrowbrow writings. The

average circulation of a sagely tome is about six

hundred copies, of which a hundred or so are ex-

ported to waiting buyers in Waterdeep, Sembia,

and elsewhere outside the borders of the Forest

Kingdom.

The rest of Cormyrs annual output of books

consists of around three hundred fifty popu-

lar works. These are all bound volumes, usually

parchment leaves sewn into calfskin bindings.

They tend to be small and easily held, though

LIFE IN THE REALMS

25

sometimes very thick, and they can address al-

most any topic.

No court permission is required to publish any-

thing, with three exceptions: anything of or about

magic, anything of or about a living member of

the royal family, and anything specific about cur-

rent Cormyrean military dispositions. Theres no

such thing as copyright or libel, though courtiers

can order untruths to be publicly recanted, and

nobles can and will duel over words they dislike,

or arrange to have a commoner whose words they

disapprove of beat up. Reprisals are often guarded

against by the use of pseudonyms.

Print runs and sales of these volumes vary

widely, depending on their popularity, which

(in rough terms) is as follows, from most popular

to least.

Riders: Average 18,000 copies each.

Readers: Collections of eight or so writings,

one of which is usually current gossip, another

one or two being polemics (colorful rants are pre-

ferred), and the rest being an array of fiction. The

fiction consists of aforementioned popular genres,

plus endless war adventures of this or that simple

lador lass, disguised as a man rising from the

barnyard to command armies, and light manner

comedies of the high life of Suzail that often in-

clude satirical references to real folk and events.

Average 14,500 copies each.

Recipe Collections: Always avidly devoured

in kitchens across the realm, from farm huts to

noble palaces, and in most inns, too, the hot topic

for recipe collections is new spice and herb mix-

tures. In lean winter days, farm families often

gather at the abode of whoever has the warm-

est kitchen and the largest cauldron, and make a

communal stew, reading aloud from recipe books

as entertainment. Average 8,000 copies each.

Tyankurs: How-to books about farming, es-

pecially breeding and new seeds from afar,

and craftwork are popular. They are sometimes

bought up by guilds so they can be destroyed en

masse, to protect secrets. As a result, helpful hints

for dyes and repairs and daily little tasks are rising

in popularity, and in-depth how-to tomes are de-

clining. Average 3,500 copies each.

Wider Realms Books: Gossipy travel ex-

ploits, plus tall tales and recent news from distant

parts of the Realms. Average 1,700 copies each.

Histories: This category includes mem-

oirs and legends of old Cormyr. Old soldiers

campaign accounts are the most popular works

here, especially if full of juicy details about daily

screw-ups, officers carousing or making mistakes,

grisly battle occurrences, and so on. Average

1,200 copies each.

Everything Else: Here are included collec-

tions of love poetry; collections of wise sayings;

annual reviews of breeding stables and hot

horses for racing and stud; annual overviews of

trade shortages and opportunities; predicted fads

and fashions in Suzail, the Dales, and around

the Moonsea; and stand-alone polemics. Average

1,000 copies each.

The figures cited above are publishers sales, and

dont include re-sales. Most copies are loaned

around and read by many, then resold to a ped-

dler to be sold elsewhere, where the process might

be repeated. They also omit temple copies, ex-

cept for Candlekeep, which treasures originals.

A temple of Deneir or Oghma will purchase a

single copy of a literary work, examine it, and if

it (or a portion of it) is viewed as worthy of wider

circulation, the temple will hand-recopy it any

number of times for circulation among temples of

the same faith throughout the Realms. Of course,

not a copper coin, nor any word of this activity,

goes to the original author. Traffic in the form of

letters, such books, priestly decrees, and sermon

texts is constant among temples, usually carried

by trusted priests in sewn-shut, waterproofed

parcels.

Cormyr, especially Suzail, has a thriving,

growing literary culture, with a solid base of read-

ership ever since the 1350s DR. From then on,

best sellers began to appear books that every-

body in the kingdom was reading or wanted to

read. Noble houses began to patronize writers for

more than merely turning out self-congratulatory

family histories and courtship poems, sponsor-

ing these dream-scribblers to produce fiction

for all to enjoy. The noble house stamped its

heraldic badge onto the bindings of sponsored

dream-scribblers and took credit for making

the entertainment possible, in hopes of winning

friendly regard realm-wide. And nobles and just

plain shop workers and tradesmen, as well as

sages, began to assemble personal librariesa few

shelves at most of favorite books, usually. All of

this provides the right climate for works of great-

ness to begin to appear.

26

Chapter 1

EVENTS AND

FESTIVALS

Most communities in the Realms hold trade fairs,

which are annual events tied to local commerce,

such as farmers driving their herds into town on

one or two weekends every fall for largehand

buyers (bulk buyers) to see and bid on. Even-

tually, over the passing years, these trade fairs

attract gatherings of food vendors, camp follow-

ers, and finally wagon peddlers of all sorts, until

the local authorities decide to make a few silver

coins off everyone and stake out proper rental

plots for the erection of stalls.

Pure sporting eventsexcept for religious

ones, such as champion frays put on by large

temples of Tempus, akin to knightly jousting tour-

namentsare much rarer. Most folk in Faern

just dont have that sort of leisure time.

A few locales in the Realms, such as Hillsfar,

have arenas where battles (gladiatorial contests)

are staged. In addition, in regions like the Dales

there are many small archery shoots (the sort of

activity the Sheriff of Nottingham sponsored in

an effort to trap Robin Hood). Small, one-day

events with modest prizes, like a sack of flour, a

sack of potatoes, twelve coppers and a good dag-

ger, or two new wagon wheels, are the norm.

Festivals, especially religious ones, and an-

nual celebrations are common across Faern, and

many involve an element of misrule, such as ap-

prentices clashing in the streets, demonstrations

of weapon skill, glorified and wide-ranging games

of tag, and so on. In larger cities, it can be hard

to find days on which someone isnt celebrating

something, but these observances are hardly ever

citywide, and rarely involve sporting events aside

from some sort of street race, such as those that

involve wild horses or cutthroat chariot contests.

Waterdeep has its own arena, but very few big

annual events. Most often, the arena is not used

for public events but for City Guard and City

Watch training sessions. There are horse races

east of the city that folk can watch from atop the

cliff top wall in spring, and many small compe-

titions, from oratory and minstrelsy contests to

wrestling matches and cat fights involving two

actresses dressed as high-class nobles who tear off

each others outer clothing and hair in mock rages

involving as many hilariously snooty insults as

they can think of. These smaller competitions are

held in the various clubs and private-rental upper

tavern rooms of the city.

Summertide Fests of

Silverymoon

Almost every settlement in all of civilized surface

Faern has annual festivities of some sort on or

around Midsummer and Shieldmeet. Because Sil-

verymoon is one of the most tolerant, open, and

artistic cities, it has many such festivities. A brief

overview of Silvaerens summertime festivals fol-

lows. It can serve as a model for devising events in

other Realms locales. In addition to whats men-

tioned here, many temples in Silverymoon hold

various celebrations and ritesbut only Moon-

down is observed citywide.

During the tenday preceding Midsummer, a

festival is celebrated every day. Here are those ten

events, followed by discussions of Midsummer

and Shieldmeet.

Oldcasks: Whatll You Have?

The first festival is a day during which private in-

dividuals and businesses all across the city make

or find and dust off various vintages from their

cellars and sell them off tables set up by their

front doors in preparation for the festivities to

come. Wineries and flagon shops often offer

special sales or import hard-to-find or novelty

vintages such as: Dwarfbeard Ale! Contains the

ashes of genuine dwarf beards! or Elfmaidblood

Ruby, a fine red guaranteed to contain drops of

blood from gold elf maidens of the eldest, proud-

est lineages! In addition, all the city temples cast

poison-neutralizing magic for free on all liquids

brought to them from dawn to dusk, a feat ac-

complished by stockpiling scrolls and calling in

faithful clergy from outside the city.

Cloakswirl: Dressing the Part

In this crafters festival, various costumes, gar-

ments, and fashion accessories are sold for use

during the festivities ahead. No masks, cosmet-

ics, or headgear are sold on Cloakswirldoing so

is not unlawful, its just considered unlucky, and

so in most shops, such things are hidden away for

the day. Street vending is freely allowed on Cloak-

swirl, and most shops move tables out into the

LIFE IN THE REALMS

27

street. These must all be cleared away by highsun

of the next day (Moondown). By tradition, inns

and taverns put on, or hire actors to stage, brief

plays or dramatic readings after dusk.

Moondown: Selnes Time

This day is a normal working day, until highsun.

Thereafter, everyone in the city bathesin the

river, if theyve nowhere else to gothen puts on

new garments theyve never worn before. Folk

without coin for new clothes trade clothes for the

night. A solemn ceremony of worship to Selne is

held, starting at dusk. A Moondancethe slow,

quiet, sweeping movements of many dancers clad

in palely glowing moonrime (white to very light

green) garments, led by priestswinds its way

along city streets until dawn. Moonwine, squirted

from the nozzles of shoulder-carried wine skins,

and platters of small round cakes are offered

freely by the dancers to everyone they pass.

Wishes are whispered to the moon, and loved

ones who perished during the preceding year are

softly named. Temples of Shar are closed during

the day, and her worshipers by tradition pray only

in private, not wearing any ceremonial garb, vest-

ments, or symbols of their goddess.

Masks: New Face for a Day

Elaborate (and often very expensive) masks, cos-

metics, and headgear are sold on this day for the

revelry that begins at nightfall and continues on

night and day through Midsummer night. On

this day Alustriel typically pays every musician

(players of instruments, not singers) who desires

to play in the streets a flourish of 25 gp, and

many minstrels wander, playing music alone or in

groups.

Elskelter: Catch a Skull!

As with Moondown, this is a normal working day

until highsun. At that time, all the city and tem-

ple bells are rung, and the Skull Run begins.

The Skull Run is a giant game of hide-and-

seek wherein swift, agile, persons wearing

skull-head masks try to get from any gate of the

city to the Moonbridge without being caught.

The catching is done by a mob of persons, each

of whom must, in order to participate, down a

potent drink to the dregs, which makes them lit-

erally tipsythat is, staggering on their feet. The

Skull Run is administered by the Spellguard, who

prepare the drinks and give drinkers one-eyed

hoods to wear. Only those wearing the one-eyed

hoods are allowed to take part in the fun.

Typically one Skull Runner will start from

each gate of the city. The runners cannot use any

translocation magic but can employ other forms

of magical movement. Although they can, and

usually do, go bare-skinned and greased, they

must wear their skull masks at all times. This

means that tearing off a Skull Runners mask is

one way to delay that competitor. However, chas-

ers are forbidden to hide, throw, or carry masks.

They may only snatch a mask off a runners head

(then drop it nearby)but this they may do as

many times as they wish, and can manage. The

Spellguard typically teleports a Skull Runner

away from harm if one is injured, gets into a fight,

or is attacked in earnest. Its understood that a

runner will be healed or even brought back to life

if one comes to harm during the Skull Run.

Every year, Alustriel announces prizes for

chasers for catching Skulls, as well as prizes for

Skull Runners who successfully reach the Moon-

bridge. These are typically monetary, but might

involve a Skull Runner choosing any single spell

(that Alustriel can manage) to be cast upon one-

self, or another service or boon.

The Skull Run began in the days when Silvery-

moon was founded, but was later banned after

widespread and deadly fighting broke out in two

successive years. Alustriel revived it in 1324 DR.

From dusk onward, this night is traditionally

when old friends gather to catch up on events of

the past year, or begin to negotiate deals or plan

the year ahead, and absent friends are remem-

bered and toasted.

Claws: Monsters Remembered

On this day, elaborate costumes are worn by

citizensor even several citizens sharing the

same oversized costumeso they can imper-

sonate various monsters. Dragons and owlbears

are perennial favorites. These marauding mon-

sters parade through the streets, heading for

particular taverns. Older citizens just watch the

monsters proceed along, but younger ones fall

in behind them and repair to the taverns, where

the costume wearers doff their hoods to receive

free drinks and meals. While dining, they are

28

Chapter 1

entertained by bards, minstrels, and old retired

adventurers telling wild and dramatic tales of

monster slayings, battles against beasts that got

away, and horrific ghost stories of revenant mon-

sters, creatures of the Underdark lurking under

all our feet right now, and so on.

These tales go on into the wee hours, with

the taverns serving free drinks to all. Tradition-

ally these drinks are very watered down, so its

hard to get intoxicated before one feels bloated,

but taverns vie with each other in doctoring the

beverages to achieve unusual but very enjoyable

tastes. Everyone gets free drinkables unless they

want full-strength ales and spirits, but only those

who wore monster costumes get free food.

Glarth: Eat to Bursting

Colloquially known as Fullbelly, this is a day of

widespread at-home feasting. Flower-decorated

wagons are sent out from the palace in the morn-

ing, piled high with smoked hams, loaves of

bread, sausages, smoked fish, tiny drawstring

bags filled with spices, and fruit. The wagons

head for the poorest streets of the city first, then

circulate until emptied. During their rounds, any

person can take any food from the passing wagons

that he or she can personally carry (perhaps aug-

menting whatever food they already have), so that

none may know hunger on Glarth. Visitors to the

city and those who live alone are invited to dine

with families or at inns and taverns with other

solitary folk, but no loud entertainment or orga-

nized revelry takes place. Typically everyone eats

too much and drowses in chairs and on beds and

couches into the evening, talking lazily of diverse

matters.

Oamaurae: A Plays the Thing

After all the eating and drinking of the preced-

ing day, few rise until after highsun on Oamaurae

(oh-more-ay). Traditionally, this is a day when

everyone goes out to see theater, whether at a

playhouse, an acting ground outside the walls,

an inn, tavern, or private home where hired per-

formances are being presented, or simply a street

performance.

On Oamaurae, new plays are presented for

the first time, new ballads-with-dance-and-

mime tales are performed, and new drinks (often

fortified, doctored-with-herbs-and-spices wines

and sherries) are sold to see what will catch on.

After enjoying performances and returning

home, members of households take time dur-

ing the evening to read aloud stirring passages of

prose, or to recite ballads and heroic tales from

memory. Much rich dessert food is then con-

sumed, before everyone goes to bed.

Clearsight: Chart the Future

The ninth festival day is a half-day of work, with

shops open only until highsun, followed by a day

of planning ahead on personal, household, and

professional levels.

Everyone discusses politics and the wording

of any pacts to be renewed or new agreements

theyre involved in that are to be solemnized on

Shieldmeet. Shop owners talk to their employ-

ees about the direction and aim of the business,

commoners hoist tankards at taverns and dis-

cuss the latest news and the way the world is

sailing, and everyone from adventurers to fash-

ion-setting clothiers makes plans for the seasons

ahead. The shop closures make possible meet-

ing with investors and merchants to plan future

undertakingsand to persuade would-be busi-

ness partners by wining and dining themif, of

course, you can find the people you want to make

contact with, among all the to-ing and fro-ing

and glad-handing going on.

Amalrees Pleasure: Dance,

Flirt, and Wager

Amalree was a spectacular, affectionate, and

much-loved dancer of Silverymoon who died

almost a century ago. In her honor, this day is

devoted to lighthearted dancing and flirtation.

Older folk, and those too injured or infirm to take

part, gather to sip wine, watch the fun unfold

around them, and play various elaborate board

games. In recent years, wagering on these games

has become very popular, and vast sums are won

and lost by the evening of the Pleasure.

Midsummer: Loves Night

Midsummer night is the day of the Feast of Love.

No shops are open past highsun on Midsum-

mer, and at highsun, small feasts (private meals)

begin, and public decadence follows. Many folk

dont take part, and stay home in their shuttered

LIFE IN THE REALMS

29

rooms, but many more citizens wander, watch-

ing or participating. Open doors are invitations to

all, priests cast curative spells against diseases for

free, risqu costumes and dalliance are common-

place, and even staid old Silvaeren tell off-color

jokes or make frank, lewd remarks or compli-

ments theyd never dream of daring to utter on

any other day. Of course, everyone is supposed to

forget everything that happened on Midsummer

after the next dawn. Alustriel leads a Hunt of

Maidens, which is actually a hunt for a specific

maskor rather, the person wearing itthrough

various gardens after the moon rises. Various

wealthy folk with large homes host parties at

which naughty games are held. Eating various

sweet desserts from the bodies of fellow revelers is

a favorite tradition at these parties. In more con-

servative locales than Silverymoon, Midsummer

is the time when all families hold large and often

drunken feasts, and at which future couples pub-

licly announce their attention to wed.

Shieldmeet: Speaking Truth

Celebrated the same way it is everywhere else in

the Realms, this special day is devoted to open

council between the rulers and the ruled, which

really means that commoners can sit down and

speak frankly with monarchs without being over-

heard by courtiers and without fear of reprisal.

Monarchs are typically protected against attack

for the day with various protective magics that

mitigate the effects of missiles, particular sorts of

spells, and so on. Commoners can communicate

complaints and warnings, answer royal questions,

pass on gossip, and so on. Most rulers consider

Shieldmeet the most valuable and informative

day of their year, and often arrange to meet again

soon with particular informants.

For rulers, guild members, merchants, masters

and apprentices, and others engaged in renting or

in transacting business, its also a day of renewing

agreements, which were often reviewed or drawn

up earlier, during Clearsight.

Its also a day of contests, trials-of-arms, duels,

contests-of-spells, and full-blown tournaments of

horse-and-lance, with attendant wagering. In Sil-

verymoon, these events are rarely undertaken in

anger or to settle scores or legal disputes, though

they can be, if Taern or Alustriel agrees and if the

proceedings are overseen by Spellguard members.

30

Chapter 1

Instead, these competitions serve as popular en-

tertainment, with local merchants and wealthy

notables sponsoring prizes for victorious contes-

tants. Taking part in such trials has also become a

very good way for adventurers and hedge wizards

seeking employment to attract the notice of po-

tential patrons.

Silvaeren temples and visiting priests provide

free healing magics and care to injured contes-

tants, and the day ends with a last revel of plays

and bardic and minstrel performances in various

inns, taverns, clubs, and guild headquarters, at

which mead and other sweetened wines are sipped

and honeycakes and other pastries and candies

are consumed. Everyone is well aware that its

back to the everyday trudge and drudge on the

morrow, so wise celebrants take to bed early and

sober; foolish ones sing and carouse late into the

nightand take surly hangovers to the shop the

next day.

The badge of the city of Zazesspur in Tethyr. It depicts Storm-

dagger Keep, the fortified in-city home of the ruling Hhune ducal

family, but is not used by the Duke of Kamlann or his family.

N

A

N

N

E

R

D

K

C

I

R

LEARNING THE

ROPES, AND MORE

A lot of what passes for education in the Realms is

free (or almost so) for the asking. Anyone with a

coin or two can receive basic instruction in tasks

from local guilds (along the lines of Dont do

this, or youll blow yourself up; instead, call in the

guild!).

Local lore is often free for the asking from local

courtiers or civic scribes (That property belongs

to Lhannath the miller, from the old dead felsul

down to the creek; formerly it belonged to the

weaver Rustragus, and before that . . . I have all

the dates here).

And priests of almost all faiths offer informa-

tion about who the gods are, what their portfolios

and beliefs are, where their temples and current

civic projects are, and so on for free. This infor-

mation from priests carries an emphasis on the

beneficial importance of the priests own faith,

but has little overtly lying propaganda, because in

the polytheistic Realms, its considered a sin by all

to deceive about any faith.

Other sources of learning include high sages

(researchers, too expensive for most folk below

the wealthy merchant or guild level, and often

consulted by rulers and nobles) and low sages

(neighborhood shopkeepers who dispense small-

scope information from their acquired knowledge

and personal libraries). The low sages experi-

ential learning tends to be very good, but their

book learning often repeats the errors that are in

their books.

Most commoners hire low sages to tutor their

children on specific matters, building on what

they can get for free from priests. Guilds some-

times hire low sages to teach regular classes, or

write chapbooks of learning (short and simple

schoolbooks).

The high sages, on the other hand, debate with

each other, write chapbooks that are sold to the

wider public, and sponsor adventurers to recover

lost books (or pay well for books brought to them

without forewarning).

Large and influential guilds desiring to in-

crease their influence over time often establish

tutors in more than just the work of the guild,

but these tend to be for members only. Some

guilds grow this arm of their staff into private

investigators (because they want to know what

rival guilds are up to, what courtiers are planning

or thinking about them, and so on), and said staff

often hire adventurers of discretion to handle the

more dangerous eavesdropping, kidnapping, spy-

ing, and thieving assignments involved.

Lastly, the level of common education var-

ies greatly from place to place across Faern,

depending on the attitudes of local rulers. In

general, trading centers (such as Amn, Sembia,

and Waterdeep) want a literate populace that can

do basic arithmetic because such knowledge cuts

down on cheating, unrest, and theft, and pro-

vides more customers with both coin and hunger

enough for wonders from afar.

Commoners in lands with militias (such as

Cormyr) are trained and drilled in local geog-

raphy, map reading, discipline, the local chain

of command, how to access local lords and their

staff, how to read and write, how to draw and in-

terpret way-marker symbols, and so on. Purple

Dragons get posted all over the realm of Cor-

myr, and so have a wider worldview and pick up

all sorts of local lore, such as the brands used by

local horse breeders, where specific sorts of cara-

van goods come from, and so on. Since so many

folk across the Realms have done military or mi-

litia service, most of the population has a shared

grounding in lore.

Much common knowledge is built up locally

from gossip, rants, facts in chapbooks, and from

talking with traveling peddlers and caravans. In

addition, minstrels and caravan workers make

coin carrying or delivering messages, and telling

the news (sometimes colorful invented stories).

Thats why caravans are so socially important in

way-stop settlements like Shadowdale.

Tutoring and Discipline

Private tutors are much used among the nobil-

ity and very wealthy who often want to have their

young disciplined without having to do such dis-

tasteful work personally. The intent is for their

children to acquire all the results of a good acad-

emy without the rabble (or worse, their social

rivals) knowing that their little Launsarra went

to Madame Theorlas Peerless Academy of So-

cial Quality. If Launsarra does turn up at such

a place, it means either her family is too impov-

erished to hire a good tutor, or more likely, that

LIFE IN THE REALMS

31

Launsarra beats and terrorizes tutors, or even

poisons them or pushes them off balconies, when

her temper gets the better of her.

Such tutors are often aging relatives, hired

clergy of impressive character (either wander-

ing priests, or clergy from a local temple, who are

expected to extend their temple influence to the

family they are employed by), high sages in need

of housing and income, infirm or elderly experts

taken on as house servants, impoverished or ex-

iled outland nobility, andfor weapons training

and disciplineretired military officers.

Informal tutoringaugmented by temple

instructionis the norm in rural areas across

Faern, and teaches local children basic arithme-

tic, local laws and customs, and simple letters

(reading and writing enough to handle basic road

and market signs).

Schools and Academies

Bards, heralds, and various faiths (particularly

monastic orders) set up organized schools, but

the vast majority of these are in large cities (such

as Waterdeep and Silverymoon), and of these

urban schools, the majority are academies.

Such places in the Realms function as what we

could call finishing schoolsthat is, although

they impart lore, their primary purpose is to teach

etiquette, deportment, an accent, fashion cor-

rectness, a worldview, and so on, to aid in social

climbing or success.

Such schools are usually created by glib, liter-

ate individuals. In particular, these individuals

are often down-on-their-luck longtime profes-

sional servants or minor nobles; what Sword Coast

speech calls the fifth, sixth, and seventh sisters

or idle aunts and idle old uncles. Sometimes,

however, they have a particular skill, such as play-

ing a musical instrument, singing, or fencing.

These individuals set themselves up, usually in

upper rooms somewhere (in Waterdeep, mainly

in Castle Ward or South Ward; in Silverymoon,

mainly in the westernmost streets of the city), to

teach or provide practice sessions in return for

pay. There are always a few mock academies that

are really houses of pleasure or private drinking

clubs for young wastrel nobles (which usually last

only until uncovered in public scandals), but most

academies are quite real and never rise above the

level of struggling tutors.

A few, however, have the resources or charis-

matic staff or connections to establish themselves

as refined. Many of these are in Waterdeep and

Silverymoon because both cities have some social

mobility within classes (coin can buy you status)

as well as an ambitious, rising upper middle class

that aspires to nobility or at least the trappings of

nobility. These clients enrich exclusive academies,

so the academies can expand, gaining more of the

luxurious appointments that enable them to hold

revels, recitals, and demonstrations. These pub-

lic events attract social interest and more clients,

allowing them to hire more staff, purchase prop-

erties to gain rental income, and expand again.

Wealthy or noble patrons sometimes sponsor

existing academies in return for the right to use

them on rare occasions as private armies or agents

(spy on this rival for me, rough up that man as

he leaves yonder tavern, buy up all the barley you

can find on the morrow).

However, the vast majority of academies are

comfortable little establishments, such as three

widows sharing a house and instructing young

ladies on sewing, good manners, and how to act

as a hostess (serving wine, directing servants at

table, and the art of small talk). They will have a

door guard, one or more maids, and a regular cli-

entele (akin to a modern real-world dentist).

Centers of Training

Here are a handful of currently popular acad-

emies across the Realms.

Waterdeep

Mother Tamras House of Graces (Mendever

Street, Castle Ward)

Clientele: Young ladies of ambitious families,

being taught how to wash and groom themselves,

how to develop a fashion sense and how to keep

a wardrobe looking fresh (including washing and

sewing for repairs), etiquette and carriage (how to

walk, sit, and hold ones hands), how to write polite

messages, how to politely and with dignity encour-

age or discourage social entreaties, dancing, and

the right thing to say in difficult situations.

Secret Clientele: Men who need to impersonate

women, and nobles about to appear in drag at a

revel, who desire to learn how to look and act like

a lady of quality.

32

Chapter 1

Tartels House of the Sword (Seawatch

Street, Sea Ward)

Clientele: Persons desiring to learn how to fence

or defend themselves with or against a light long-

sword or smaller blade, and a dagger.

Secret Clientele: Young nobles desiring to learn

how to duel and to meet young ladies for amo-

rous purposes. Tartel encourages young and

beautiful women to become clients by offering

them half rates.

Corondorrs Countinghouse (Aveen Street,

North Ward)

Clientele: Young guild members and unguilded

shopkeepers desiring to learn number skills and

how business is really practiced from a cyni-

cal, veteran clerk-of-coin retired from Piergeirons

palace.

Secret Clientele: Swindlers who want to learn all

about dodges, and what clerks like the sarcastic

old Corondorr are alert for when business is done

in Waterdeep.

Silverymoon

Tantathras (Stormwind Alley)

Clientele: Folk who want to learn to sing or play

simple airs on stringed instruments, or at least

learn lyrics to popular songs.

Not-So-Secret Clientele: Amateur musi-

cians; individuals looking to recruit amateur

musicians for a revel, a feast, or other enter-

tainment event such as a shop opening or a

celebration; and folk who love a regular musical

get-together.

Secret Clientele: Romantic folk looking for

lovers.

Sideline: Tantathra sells teas, wine, ale, replace-

ment strings, lyric sheets, and instruments to

clients.

The Risen Moon Academy (Alanders Lane)

Clientele: Folk who want to learn how to dance

and fence.

Secret Clientele: Persons desiring to pay for

company from the beautiful female instructors

employed by the proprietress (a one-eyed retired

adventurer by the name of Amratha Redtresses

Dalree).

Neverwinter

The Starshine Academy (Blackule Lane)

Clientele: Those who desire to appreciateand

paint their ownart; acquire herb lore; be able

to live off the land; and to know wild animals by

scent, sound, and spoor.

Secret Clientele: Those desiring to make potions

that induce sleep, freedom from pain, heightened

sensations, lust, and calm.

Sideline: The tutors sell paintings, herbs, reci-

pes, animal-track-reference drawings, and potions.

(Some, it is correctly rumored, even vend poisons.)

Suzail

Mathulks House (Taumurts Lane)

Clientele: Men from all walks of life (both mas-

ters and servants), desiring to learn how to dress,

maintain a wardrobe, walk and dance with dig-

nity, and the proper things to say and do in most

social situations.

Secret Clientele: Women wanting to pretend to be

a man for a revel, or women needing to fool others

into thinking them male for more serious purposes.

Baldurs Gate

Garmults House of Mastery (Longwind

Lane)

Clientele: All who desire to learn the laws and

ways of business up and down the Sword Coast,

and the untold truths of who dominates various

fields of commerce and how things really work.

Secret Clientele: Those desiring to invest in

shady shipping enterprises by land and sea, such

as smuggling and sponsoring piracy. The propri-

etor, the retired sea captain and active fleet owner

Darbrand Garmult, is both a smuggler and an

outfitter and fence for pirates.

Athkatla

Rezunders Academy of the Coin

(Methquems Way)

Clientele: Investors, speculators, and shopkeep-

ers interested in learning Amns ways of doing

business, how to make and maintain a reputation

in trade, good bets for investing, and financial

foes and pitfalls to watch for.

Secret Clientele: Those willing to join the Purl-

rend, Ardrult Rezunders secret investing cabal,

by either contributing funds or doing shady deal-

ings on behalf of the cabal.

LIFE IN THE REALMS

33

ACTING AND THE

THEATER

Minstrels and bards have always memorized

crucial scenes from the classics (old plays)

to perform in their travels alongside music and

dramatic recitations of poems. These audience

favorites are the dramatic confrontations between

legendary heroes and dragons, rulers and usurp-

ers about to slay them, wise old men and young

reckless fools, and those falling in love.

Carters and merchants also have a long his-

tory of earning extra coin as they travel by doing

mimicry of well-known figures (Vangerdahast,

for instance, in the Dragon Reach). They also

put on the equivalent of Punch-and-Judy shows,

which in the Realms are done by putting footwear

over both hands, then a shawl or other cloth over

ones head to serve as a backdrop, and using the

upturned boots as the heads of comic characters.

These shows are known as Oldboots or, when folk

printing handbills in larger cities are being pre-

cious, Talking Toes shows.

Traveling companies of players are summer-

time features of the Heartlands, the Moonshaes,

Amn, Tethyr, Aglarond, and the Vilhon. Perform-

ers often play roles of the other gender (in both

directions), usually for comedic purposes.

In Faern, some actors travel constantly with

goods caravans. These performers often make

extra coin selling, making, and modifying cloth-

ing for buyers at the various places where they

appear. For example, an actor might perform in a

small village, present a stunningly beautiful gown

on a lady character, and then let it be known after

the show that similar garments can be bought.

Then, all the actor has to do is wait for the local

ladies (or men looking for a gift) to demand them.

Acting isnt a disreputable profession except

in places where traveling companies in the past

have practiced thievery with heavy hands. Many

temples have small morality plays that are never

seen outside their sacred precincts (and are

supposed to be kept secret from all who arent

deeply and loyally devout). Audiences expect ac-

tors to ad-lib or add new jests and mockeries to

certain comedy plays.

Unusual Performance Styles

In Calimshan and Chessenta, traditional theater

features an on-stage chanting chorus and over-

sized caricature masks mounted on sticks that all

actors use to cover their faces. The style probably

migrated from Calimshan to Chessenta centuries

back, since very different plays are performed in

the two regions; only the masks and choruses are

common to both. This theatrical style is known

in Calimshan as malakram, and in Chessenta

as masqueladra. It is from this Chessentan term

that Cormyr and other lands around the Sea of

Fallen Stars get the term masquerades for their

masked balls and revels.

In Neverwinter, many local plays are built

around a central trio of harpists. These harpists

literally sit center stage for most of a performance,

but occasionally walk on or off in unison to mark

passages of time, such as a season or some period

of years. Throughout the play, they harp, com-

ment to the audience on the action of the play

without being a part of it, and wear no costumes.

In the Sword Coast lands from about Wa-

terdeep south to Amn, many crafty country

bumpkin plays are staged, built around a gruff,

limping character called Old Duiwin (doo-win)

and constantly updated with new jokes and snide

political commentary. These traditions dont

seem to have formal namestheyre just the

good old plays to locals, as opposed to strange

new productions brought from afar.

Many Sword Coast cities from the Tashalar

north to Waterdeep continue to celebrate a tradi-

tion of tableaux in festivals and the revels of the

wealthy. Tableaux is a play in which scene after

scene of motionless actors is revealed, to the ac-

companiment of stirring music. The actors are

usually provocatively clad women, often frozen

in scenes that purport to depict important his-

torical events. These are often known as marvel

masques, but sometimes as grandiques, fresstel,

or allbeholdings.

Recently in Sembia, a new tradition has gained

popularity in the most exclusive clubs and in

the private revels of the wealthiest: silent re-

enactments of murders or hunts, the latter often

involving actors with their skins painted to mimic

the appearance of the beasts being hunted. When

these silent plays are performed in club settings,

sometimes the portrayers of the painted beasts are

34

Chapter 1

Secrets of the Sages was a free newsletter produced in 1987, consisting of collections of my root Realmslore (maps, sketches, and back-

ground information). David Martin edited three issues, but only the first was ever printed. Secrets was seen as a vehicle for teasers, to find

out which Realms elements the clamor would be loudest for more of, and for publishing errata. This was my way of trying to turn some-

thing to be embarrassed about into something fun that would bring us all closer. You should hear Elminster when he goes on about Volo!

LIFE IN THE REALMS

35

hired to drum up business. Some monster-playing

performers are doppelgangers who are very well

paid to appear as humans with webbed hands

or feet, tails, illithid tentacles, or the like. They

are under strict contract not to harm patrons

though of course no such restrictions apply to

nonpatrons who happen to come within reach of

such creatures outside the club.

Traveling Troupes

A medium-sized traveling troupe of performers

is some sixty to eighty people, some of whom are

bouncers and coin-takers and makeup folk, and a

large troupe is more than eighty strong, topping

out at around one hundred forty persons for prac-

tical reasons. Smaller troupes of both varieties

are far more numerous, with most troupes in the

mid-forties in total strength, and larger ones in

the mid-sixties.

Aside from the obvious acrobatic acts and

acting performances, a troupes attractions can

include wrestling (both genders, against those of

same gender), monster-taming acts, jesters, jug-

glers, fortune tellers, and sellers of confections

and luck pieces who tell amusing or scary tales.

Most troupes also offer services: They check

coins for value and authenticity, appraise items

brought to them, provide names of and direc-

tions to experts on various matters (sometimes

even furnishing letters of invitation or passwords),

and examine contracts and agreements to explain

them fully to the illiterate or bewildered.

Troupes might also offer more shady assis-

tance, such as help with disguises and providing

doubles, or sending out set things to rights

teams to aid the poor, the weak, or those simply

outnumbered or overmatched. In particular, they

furnish this service to those facing a wealthier

or more numerous foe who has advantages over

them, such as their guildmaster or the head of the

local Watch.

Harpers and members of other secretive groups

and cabals often join traveling acting troupes

as a means of remaining unseen among the

many while moving around the Realms. This

way they can make covert contact with others in

their group along the way. In such secretive meet-

ings, they pass on and receive payments, funds,

and small items (such as keys, tools, rare magical

ingredients, and contraband); impart everyday

advice as to who and what to watch out for (a

Harper posing as a fortune teller would pass this

information on as part of her spiel), and dispense

medicines or poison antidotes or daggers.

A troupe disbands every winter, either in a city

or somewhere warm enough for inhabitants not

to have to worry about freezing to death, fighting

off wolves, or having no green growing things to

eat. Waterdeep is as northerly a site as an acting

troupe would voluntarily end up at a tours end;

beyond its walls, and south as far as Amn, is the

cold, snow-swept, orc-raided, monster-roamed

North. But only the wealthiest performers can af-

ford to winter in friendly-to-artistes Silverymoon

or Everlund, and the high cost of daily living

makes most actors shun Waterdeep, too, with the

exception of those who can stay on the cheap

with family, or work at a winter job, usually craft-

ing of some kind.

Traveling troupes are far more likely to winter

in southern Tethyr, the Vilhon, and more south-

erly areas, near Innarlith, for example, or in the

Border Kingdoms, or down in Luiren. Cormyr is

law and order safe enough, but has a harsh win-

ter climateand most traveling performers will

by nature mistrust the surveillance the War Wiz-

ards are said to perform on everyone and every

place in the Forest Kingdom.

Acrobatic entertainers need warm weather,

cheap food and accommodations, and relative

safety so they can keep their muscles relaxed as

they practice, readily recuperate from injuries

suffered on the road, and live cheaply and eas-

ily. That need usually means dwelling on farms,

villages, and hamlets in lush, warm, lightly (or

fairly) ruled areas.

The Famous Seven

Actors, enthusiasts, and sages can argue end-

lessly over the best, the most influential, and even

the most popular plays performed in the Heart-

lands, but throughout the 1300s DR and well

into the 1400s DR, seven plays were most often

performed. They were agreed upon by widely

traveled Harpers before High Lady Alustriel of

Silverymoon listed them in 1344 DR, and are de-

scribed here in the order of the years when each

play was first performed:

Bellagar the Black Dragon by Orstyn Scar-

adarr of Scornubel, 1242 DR. A stirring

36

Chapter 1

adventure in which simple village folk slay a fell

wyrm who lairs in their midst, after armies and

adventurers flee.

King Helcantur the Doomed by Awnagur Hertrel

of Athkatla, 1266 DR. The moral tale of how a

hated, cruel tyrant is brought down by his suffer-

ing court.

Rorold the Lusty by Anonymous, 1297 DR. A

slapstick, pratfall comedy about the misadven-

tures of a gruff dwarf made irresistible to human

women thanks to a mischievous elf mages spell.

Five Fallen Thrones by Ammathra Longalar of

Waterdeep, 1299 DR. An inspiring semi-comedy

wherein the ghosts of the last kings of five van-

ished realms haunt young seekers of fortune,

driving them to overthrow an evil lord.

Aballar the Mighty by Nareth Quorl of Never-

winter, 1306 DR. A comedy about a timid man

consistently misunderstood as a hero, who is

pushed into becoming one and rescuing a prin-

cesswho is then delighted to find that he is

timid and easily ruled.

Seven Swords Snarlclash by Imbaerla Nardragon

of Saerloon, 1312 DR. The bloody gods justice

account of how seven overambitious adventurers

seek the same treasure, the fabled hoard of Snarl-

clash the dragon, and butcher each other to win

it, until only the female slaves of two of them are

left alive to claim the riches.

Harl the Serpent by Anonymous, 1322 DR. A

dark comedy about a stylish but despicable wom-

anizing villain who is finally brought down.

MEDICINE

The level and extent of medical knowledge varies

widely across the Realms, but it is highest among

the nonhuman common races, because tending

humans has become for many of them a way of

gaining long-term acceptance in human-dom-

inated communities. Herbal lore (about which

see more below) is predominant among such

practitioners, coupled with potions (herbal con-

coctions, not magic) that are effective in dealing

with minor diseases, allergic reactions, and shock.

The organs of all humanoid races are known, as

well as the general functioning of the body (hence

what shock is, and how to treat it), the function of

blood, and the importance of cleanliness to recov-

ering from wounds. Concocted, expensive bottled

medicines, called physics, are generally hard to

find and priced accordingly; to most rural folk in

the Realms, herbs are the basis of what they use

for daily medicine.

In the Realms, almost everyone understands

that ill or wounded people need rest, to be cov-

ered by a blanket or at least kept out of full sun;

that moving or rough handling will do greater

harm; and that people should be given much to

drink (even in cases where we moderns would say,

No, not even if he is complaining of thirst should

Thrudd be given water or something stronger,

because hes hurt inside!). Stretchers and slings

are commonly used, and when a stretcher cant

be found, injured who must be carried are usually

lashed to felled tree trunks and borne along be-

tween the shoulders of two strong carriers.

Scarring as an aftereffect of injuries is com-

mon, because cauterization is a well-known

procedure. Herbal painkillers (usually liquids that

are brewed and drunk, but also liquids drizzled

into wounds) are widely used, especially before

someone is sewn up.

Splinting is common, many beings are experts

at neatly sewing flesh, and the importance of

using flame or alcohol (not together!) to prevent

infections related to piercing injuries and large

gashes is widely understood.

Herbal Lore

Everyonefrom farmers to foresters to shopkeep-

ersknows a few old family remedies, and almost

every rural place not in the remote wilderness

has an herbalist or two. A village on a trade route

might have an apothecary, and almost all mar-

ket towns have oneas well as a hedge wizard

(self-taught mage of low Art) who augments his or

her income by splinting breaks, washing infected

wounds, and selling beneficial castings, salves,

and the like.

If a village not on a trade route has a shrine

(as opposed to just a priest or hermit), the priest

who tends the shrine often functions as an apoth-

ecary to earn an income. If a shrine has two or

three staffers, even if only one of them is a proper

priest, an apothecary is likely to be on that staff.

Apothecaries prepare and sell physics, but

also sell raw and readied (washed, cut, and

sometimes powdered) herbs for kitchens and for

medicinal use. Many festhalls and herbalists offer

LIFE IN THE REALMS

37

inexpensive herb bath or steam bath services,

which always include a rubdown (deep tissue

massage). Many travelers and street-dwelling poor

use these services regularly to get clean, get their

clothes washed, to get warm, and to have aches

and pains seen to. For some, its what makes their

lives (of having little, and being in contact with

folk who have so much more) bearable. So the ap-

plication of heat and skilled massage part of what

real-world chiropractors do is in part covered

by these relatively inexpensive services, usually

1 cp for a bath or a massage, and 2 cp for both

with washing and ovenboard drying thrown

in. Ovenboard drying is laying wet clothing out

flat on boards heated by proximity to an oven or

hearth or chimney to rapidly dry them. Clothes

being ovenboarded are moved to new dry hot sur-

faces several times to speed the process.

Relatively few sages specialize in herb lore,

but there are some self-styled academic authori-

ties among humans. In Cormyr, the Guild of

Naturalists has offices in Suzail and Arabel. It

is a professional fellowship of those who study

animal and plant life with the aims of understand-

ing natural cycles fully and thereby exploiting

natural substancesfrom plant saps and distil-

lates to beast ichor and organsto make scents,

medicines, poisons, spell inks, dyes, sealants,

preservatives, cooking herbs, and so on. A Cor-

myrean consulting a guild member is expected to

buy guild products, but guild members will sell

advice as well as concoctions to outlandersand

will buy raw herbs in good condition from anyone.

Here follow some widely known effective me-

dicinal uses of raw plant gleanings. Herbs often

do not need to be fresh, which is why many

households keep a crock of various dried leaves,

wrapped in scrap cloth, for use in winter Please

note: None of these plants exist in the real world.

Bloodpurge

Found in the depths of freshwater marshes pol-

luted by magical and nonmagical wastes, this herb

can neutralize minor poisons.

Bloodstaunch

Found in dry gullies in semiarid temperate zones,

this herb thickens blood very quickly upon direct

contact, and so can be applied to open wounds to

slow or stop bleeding.

Fleshwort

Made from the stalk of a gray, celery-like vegeta-

ble, fleshwort is found only on recent battlefields,

where corpses are buried near the surface or left to

rot above ground. If sewn into an internal wound,

fleshwort is slowly absorbed by any mammalian

body as raw material for building new tissue.

Felsul Tree

Chewing the soft wood that directly underlies the

bark of a felsul tree, or chewing small datherthorn

roots (those of purplish hue) quells nausea and

deadens all mouth, tooth, and throat pain. This

does nothing to remove the cause of the discom-

fort; it merely temporarily removes the discomfort

to allow sleep, hearty eating, and other usual ac-

tivities. Eating a volume roughly as much as the

eaters palm, as thick as the eaters hand, will

deaden for a day and a night, or so.

Harlthorn

Drinking the liquid derived from boiling down

equal parts of the thorns from harlthorn bushes

(a common Heartlands wild shrub) with dried or

fresh leaves of the very common weed known as

hoof-leaf (because its flat, on-the-ground leaves

look like the print of a cloven-hoofed herd animal)

calms delirium, rage, and grief, and soothes itchi-

ness and skin rashes, allowing for rest or sleep.

Tatterskyre

Eating small flakes of tatterskyre bark slows

bleeding (internal and external) and thickens the

blood, soothing agitated folk and making them

drowsy. This herb can aid the healing of many

sorts of internal wounds.

Orcs and all goblinkin (goblins, hobgoblins, and

such) are especially susceptible to the effects of tat-

terskyre bark, and typically fall asleep if given as

much to eat as would cover their palms. Since this is

a sleep typically filled with pleasant dreams, many

orcs gather and carry the bark and eat it regularly.

The tatterskyre is a gnarled shrub that tends

to form loops or drooping arcs like wild rasp-

berry canes, rerooting when it touches the ground

only to throw up fresh stems. It grows all over

the Heartlands and the North, is smaller in

colder climes, and its bark is very flaky and easily

brushed off; its foliage sprouts as bursts of needle-

like flat leaves all up and down its stems.

38

Chapter 1

Though an illness might not be fatal, the misapplication of herbal medicine can often produce worse results than if the affliction had gone

untreated. Theres a lot to be said for healing magic, which does not have the risks of concocted cures, and a lot of priests who do the saying.

Dathlil

The tiny petals of the common white ground

flower known as dathlil work to neutralize poi-

sons for some who consume them, typically by

drinking them as a tea, or washing them down

with water or alcohol. The effects vary widely

with the individual and the poison being fought

against, and even vary unpredictably for the same

individual over time, but do apply to all known

creatures and are sometimes (not often) com-

plete curesone petal banishes all poison effects.

Dathlil can work on contact, ingested, and in-

sinuative poisonsbut it sometimes does nothing

at all. For most individuals, the herb usually slows

poison and lessens its eventual damage.

Tonandurr Bark

Bound against open wounds, tonandurr bark

inhibits bleeding and infection, and helps skin

and flesh to heal by helping it expand and knit

together. This substance works on humans, hal-

flings, dwarves, and gnomes only; elves it helps

not at all; and it actually harms goblinkin, mak-

ing their wounds fester. Tonandurr is a tall,

spindly weed tree of the Heartlands and more

southerly forests; its not hardy enough to survive

winters much north of Waterdeep, though a few

specimens are kept alive in indoor gardens in Sil-

verymoon and Neverwinter.

Blood of the Dragon

Down the centuries, dragon blood has always

been a highly sought after, very expensive medi-

cine among those who can afford it. Dragon

blood is widely believed to impart the longevity

and vigor of the mighty wyrms. Some individuals

even use it to try to become half dragons, usu-

ally by means of the would-be dragon opening his

or her veins and immersing the bleeding limb in

dragon bloodthough there is no evidence that

LIFE IN THE REALMS

39

S

O

G

E

L

L

A

G

Y

D

N

A

R

this process works without the use of a long series

of powerful spells, cast with exacting precision

and care.

So, dragon blood is thought of as liquid gold

and is bought and sold for very high prices. In

Calimshan, dragon blood is believed to be inky

black with gold flecks in it, and anything look-

ing different will be dismissed as false, but those

who have fought or slain dragons know that real

dragon ichor varies widely in hue, consistency,

and smell, the only common property being that

it is smoking hot when freshly shed, due to the

heat generated by a dragons metabolism.

ILLNESS AND

HYGIENE

Most civilized people in the Realms know that

disease transference works something like this

for shaking fever, like that for blacktongue, and

so on. They disagree on treatmentsaside from

rest, care, bathing and purgatives, and the care-

ful feeding of observed specificsand tend to

use what they remember worked for them and

their friends in the past. The reasons for these

disagreements are the various churches, most

of which are striving to maintain influence and

control (and a continuing flow of coins for heal-

ing) by way of having the lower ranks unwittingly

spread misinformation as to exactly how this or

that disease is best treated. As happens with real-

world doctors, the resulting differences of opinion

can lead to heated professional conflicts.

The bad hygiene of the Realms means

that people wash their hair every four days or

so and again before special occasions, and that

they bathe smelly areas every night if possible.

People do not have not reeking, filthy bodies;

unwashed peasants is not a Realms norm.

Persons desiring to make a good impression

who cant get a chance to bathe properly will work

scented oils into their hair and rub scented oils

on their bodies to change their strong odor into

something less unpleasant.

Known Afflictions

There are many wasting and rotting afflictions,

cankers, and the mental illnesses of paranoia, py-

romania, and delusions that havent yet acquired

Realms-wide names. However, here are a few of

the known afflictions.

Fevers: Blacklung fever, blacktongue, marsh

fever, shaking fever, windchill fever (pneumonia)

Diseases: Darkrot, foamjaws (rabies), sal-

lar (typhus), whitewasting (leprosy)

Plagues: Featherlung, the spotted plague, the

shaking plague (most recently in Scardale)

Magical Diseases: Lycanthropy, mummy

rot (flesh rot), green rot/scaly death (courtesy of

the goddess of disease, Talona)

Heartstop (heart attack)

Plagues: Disease Gone Wild

Plagues have risen repeatedly in various areas

over the centuries, each onslaught usually killing

about four in ten people, making another three in

ten very sick, and doing nothing at all to the last

three in ten. People might well flee plague-hit

areas, but its almost unknown for the disease it-

self to exterminate everyone in a community or

even a household. Various remedies are cham-

pioned, but no one really knows what causes

the plagues or how to cure them, though heal-

ing magic is effective against all of them, if the

magic is strong enough and applied early enough.

Because of how little is known, the afflicted are

usually shunned, being thought (correctly) to be

incredibly infectious.

Featherlung

Drying out the lungs and making people wheeze

loudly, featherlung saps the strength of people

as they struggle for air. The afflicted can gasp

all they want, but even if someone pushes a vic-

tims chest in and then lifts the person to force

breath out, repeatedly, no victim can get enough

oxygen from his or her own breathing to stay vi-

brant or even keep ones balance. Most victims

soon drift in and out of consciousness and just lie

there, helpless. Death can take a tenday or more,

and during that time victims are unable to de-

fend themselves against scavengers, predators, or

frightened persons, and can readily be slain. If

victims are too weak to reach water, they often die

of thirst before the plague takes them.

Spotted Plague

Thick clusters of swollen, pus-filled skin erup-

tions, called either spots or the festers, define

40

Chapter 1

the spotted plague. These eventually break,

leaving permanent pockmarks that resemble

real-world smallpox. Inside, the body is awash

in infections, and the victim reeks as many cells

literally rot. Balance, reasoning, and vision are

usually affected, causing lurching, disorientation,

and swimming sight, and the sense of smell

is always lostusually permanently. Sometimes

hearing is affected, but never permanently. Spot-

ted plague causes a shivering, raging fever, and

often kills in half a day to a day; those who live

more than two nights will almost always survive,

though they might be very sick for four to six days

more, and weak for a month. Survivors have per-

manent pockmarks, no sense of smell, and other

long-lasting effects.

Shaking Plague

This plague is associated with Scardale nowadays

because thats where it most recently struck (in

the mid-1300s DR). It causes victims to go very

pale, to sweat profusely (so they need water, and

lots of it, for the first day or so of illness, after

which the sweating stops), and to shake, help-

lessly, spasmodically, and continuously. This

shaking hampers balance and movement and

makes writingor any activity requiring fine

motor skills, such as sewing or locksmithing or

most craft-workimpossible. When not fatal, the

shaking plague lasts for two tendays, whereupon a

sudden recovery will occur, usually with no after-

effects except a tendency to go pale and shake

when greatly agitated or in great pain. When fatal,

the plague usually claims its victim in seven to

ten days by way of heart seizures and lung spasms

that starve the body while it undergoes twisting,

arching, and pain-wracked writhing.

DRUGS

In the Realms, a drug is somethingusually liq-

uid, taken orallywhose making is complicated

and unknown to whoever is using the word. In

other words, the liquid made by boiling harl-

thorn and hoof-leaf together, as described earlier

in Herbal Lore, would be a drug if its manu-

facture wasnt so widely known. Most drugs are

secret-recipe mixtures of herbal distillations,

plant saps, and animal secretions, all of which

have no real-world inspirations or counterparts.

Local laws often restrict making and import-

ing of drugs, because bad things have happened

in the past. Since alchemy, doctoring, and the like

all approve of using herbal and created substances

to help the sick or injured, and most clergy use

mind-altering or pain-numbing herbs and drugs

as part of their rituals, drugs are seen as bad only

when they are clearly intended to be used to in-

capacitate someone so that person can be killed,

robbed, kidnapped, made to sign or say things he

or she otherwise wouldnt, or in some other way

taken advantage of. Poisons are always seen as

bad except when used with state sanction in war,

or by physicians as part of medical treatment

and this latter use is usually very closely watched

by local law keepers and guilds.

Waterdeep provides a model to use for toler-

ant trading cities where local rulers or dominant

temples arent trying to control drug use.

The drug trade in Waterdeep is largely con-

fined to Skullport and Downshadow, in terms

of dealing and in the storage of large amounts.

Topside (in the city proper) there is no drug

production, only runner-to-client selling. Sell-

ing is done face to face, but some nobles send

their stewards, bodyguards, or trade agents to buy

drugs. These so-called runners tend to be lone

individuals or gangs of no more than three, a run-

ner and two watcheyes (lookouts) who are often

young children, preferably girls, who serve the

runner as eyes and as places to stash drugs if the

Watch approachesbecause Watch officers are

far more reluctant to search a young girls body

than that of a hard-bitten, known-to-them Dock

Ward tough.

A Lords Edict was long ago issued banning

the making and selling of drugs in Waterdeep

so the relevant crime is Willful Disobedience of

Any Edict, which results in exile for five years

or a 1,000 gp fine. The former is enacted on all

outlanders and those who do not own property,

and the latter against all Waterdhavian land-

owning citizenswho will find themselves very

closely watched for a month, then again in the

third month thereafter, because the Watch wants

to catch and fine them again. Its not a crime to

use drugs, nor is it a crime, strictly speaking, to

possess them. In practice, nobles and wealthy

merchants receive nothing but a stern Were

watching you warning if caught with either

small or large amounts of drugs, but a commoner

LIFE IN THE REALMS

41

merchant or laborer is assumed to have the drugs

to sell, and will be sentenced accordingly, unless

the individual is a member of the Guild of Apoth-

ecaries & Physicians or can prove he or she is

working directly for a guild member.

Aside from those exceptions, drugs that can

readily be used to killeven if only through

overdosescan, if the Watch or the magisters

involved desire it, be treated as poisons, and ar-

rested beings are charged with murder even

though no killing has yet occurred. Waterdha-

vian justice has no attempted or intended murder

charges, so what occurs is a murder trial, usually

ending in a sentencing for Murder with Justifica-

tion, which brings a five-year exile or three years

of enforced hard labor.

Drug making is secretive and a matter of con-

stant experimentation, so there are thousands of

drugs that go by even more names, enough to fill

shelves full of books as big as this one. Here fol-

low just a notorious, popular handful.

Alindluth

When ingested, alindluth deadens all pain and

prevents shock and nausea effects for a few min-

utes. There are no known side effects, but if the

substance is used too soon after first exposure (or

in too large a dose; dosages vary by body volume

and weight), it induces a short-duration coma.

Chaunsel

Upon contact with bare skin, chaunsel makes

the affected area extremely sensitive for up to

about twenty minutes. It is often used by thieves

or others working in darkness, applied to their

fingertips to make them able to feel tiny details,

seams, and such. Overdosing causes days of

numbness in the affected area.

Tansabra

When injected (it must reach the bloodstream),

this mixture of particular creature venoms causes

complete system shutdown in mammals. This

means that breathing is suspended, the body

temperature holds, the need for oxygen ceases,

bleeding stops, any internal bleeding and tear-

ing is healed (unless fresh wounds are induced),

acids and toxins suspend their operations on the

body, and the recipient loses consciousness. In

effect, the body is placed in stasis. Certain little-

known arcane and divine spells can force release

from tansabra sleep, and there are rumors that

certain rare gem powders and herbs can shock

someone out of tansabra sleep, but otherwise, an

affected being emerges from the effects of tansa-

bra at a random time.

Creatures in tansabra sleep dont heal nat-

urally, and magical healing doesnt affect

thembut of course they can be conveyed to

magical healing while in thrall to the tansabra,

and healed the moment they awaken.

Repeated exposure to tansabra can kill an in-

dividual, but how much exposure is lethal varies

randomly from being to being. A lethal dose is not

related to the amount of the drug administered

it depends on a persons tolerance for the number

of distinct times his body undergoes the effects.

Vornduir

When inhaled as a powder, vornduir varies widely

in effects. To many people, it does nothing at all.

Others get mild rashes and itches.

For a few, it switches pain and pleasure for an

hour or two, so a gentle caress brings discom-

fort, and a slap, flogging, heavy punch, or cutting

wound can induce an enjoyable feeling.

For others, it makes them feel warm, even if

they are wet and out of doors in freezing tem-

peratures, and at the same time happy and alert,

for two days or more. For these folks, sleep isnt

needed, and their dexterity and judgment dont

suffer due to weariness.

Vornduir prevents shock and immobility due

to exposure, but not frostbite or lowered body

temperature, so users wont get hypothermic, but

they could freeze solid. The drug, a mixture of

herbs and animal essences, also acts as a complete

and instant antidote to certain poisonsfor some

individuals only!

POISONS

In general, natural-source potions and ointments

have a lower level of efficacy than substances that

either incorporate spells in the creation process,

or use material as an ingredient that has been en-

spelled, or both. This statement holds true for the

majority of poisons, though some monster venoms

are powerful indeed.

42

Chapter 1

Even if a poison enters the system of its in-

tended victim, theres no guarantee the stuff will

work to great effect. The physiology of some in-

dividuals (dwarves in particular) enables them to

shrug off certain poisons, feeling nothing more

than a sick feeling for a moment or two and the

loss of a small amount of vitality. Some folk build

up a tolerance to poisons that they are exposed to

repeatedly, and might even become immune to

one or more toxins in this fashion.

Poisons are illegal, usually rare or well hidden,

and expensive. As with drugs, there are many

known poisons that go by even more names. Here

follow a few of the most infamous or most widely

available. Unless otherwise noted (such as for

dragonbane), the poisons described here must be

ingested to produce their indicated effects.

Belarris

One of the few poisons that can be cooked thor-

oughly in food and remain effective, belarris is

a black, oily mixture of wyvern blood, two tree

barks, and six plant saps.

Someone who ingests a dose is hit with a tide

of fatigue as the substance enters his system. If

the poison takes full effect, the victim is rendered

unconscious for several minutes.

Calad

This golden, opaque liquid is derived from the

cranial fluids of basilisks, catobelpas, and dis-

enchanters. Calad causes short-term distorted

hearing and vision in its victims, at the same time

that its alien chemical composition eats at ones

insides.

Dragonbane

A legendary poison that is far more often coun-

terfeited than found, this bright blue, opaque

liquid is a mixture of the blood of three sorts of

dragons. Dragonbane is used to best effect on real

dragons, who find themselves unable to breathe

for a brief time after being dosed with it. (Other

creatures are merely wracked with pain and in-

ternal distress.) Dragons tend to slay anyone they

encounter carrying itbecause, as many wyrms

have discovered to their chagrin, the poison can

be delivered by simple contact or through an in-

jury and does not have to be ingested.

Imvris

A clear, purple-tinged but nigh colorless liquid

that has a peppery floral scent, imvris is a distil-

late of the crushed petals of twelve jungle flowers.

The poison causes paralysis in those who

are exposed to it. The effect is nearly immedi-

ate; it dissipates quickly on those who merely

make contact with it, but if imvris enters the

body by ingestion or injury, the paralysis can last

for hours.

The effects of multiple doses are cumulative,

but only to a point: For a victim who has suffered

at least seven consecutive hours of paralysis, any

additional exposure instantly negates the effect

and renders the individual immune to the poison

for half a day thereafter. During this time, the

person can hear very keenly.

Lorbralinth

Better known as just lorbral, this sweet-smelling,

clear, oily poison is made from the spittle of no

less than sixteen monsters, including the basilisk

and the leucrotta.

Touching the concoction does no harm, but

someone who ingests it or is wounded by a lor-

bral-tainted weapon becomes briefly debilitated

with alternating waves of chill and fever.

Srindym

An iridescent, silver liquid, this poison was cre-

ated by elves millennia ago and was often used

by less principled individuals of that race against

lesser races. Very few individuals know how to

make srindymor know where the secret caches

of it areso its rare and expensive. Making srin-

dym is a closely guarded secret that involves elven

blood, moonlight, the casting of multiple spells,

and several plant ingredients.

This poison works by injury, contact, and in-

gestion. Elves (including drow) are immune to

srindym, and half-elves are highly resistant to its

effect. Other kinds of creatures quickly become

disoriented and stiff-jointed, then lose conscious-

ness for a minute or more.

Srindym acts as a sort of antidote to itself, for

a while: No single creature can be affected by

a subsequent dose of the stuff for about a day

thereafter. Also, repeated exposure to the poison

brings with it eventual immunityevery time an

LIFE IN THE REALMS

43

CURRENT CLACK

Most news and rumors are spread across the

Realms by caravans, and along coasts, by the

crews of ships. In many a wayside settlement,

whenever a caravan stops for the night, the popu-

lace turns out at local inns and taverns to hear the

latest clack (whats being talked about). Trav-

elers can often earn something to eat or a drink

or two by relating enough entertaining lore. The

freshest news is the most in demandwhich, of

course, leads to embroidering and outright tall

tales, lies and half-truths and rumors building on

each other into fanciful creations that bear little

resemblance to their plainer and more demure

beginnings.

The Harpers, the Zhentarim, the Red Wizards

of Thay, and wily manipulators such as Elmin-

ster and Vangerdahastnot to mention trading

costers and merchants aiming to affect market

priceshave long known the value of planting

rumors to stir public attitudes in a particu-

lar direction. It takes a lot of energy and a glib

tongue, and such accounts can often be twisted

in undesirable or unintended directions in the

retellingor overwhelmed entirely by more dra-

matic events happening at the same time. Yet this

method of disseminating information works, has

worked for centuries, and is going on right now.

Innkeepers and tavernmasters are often paid by

the Zhentarim or other power groups (even small

local cabals) to talk about something, drop par-

ticular names, or direct wayfarers to particular

businesses.

Wayfarer, be warned. Any bit of clack you hear

might be absolutely true. It also might be abso-

lutely not true, or its place along the spectrum of

factuality might be anywhere between these ex-

tremes. No matter what else it might be, though,

the current clack is always . . . current.

individual is beset with it, the resulting period of

unconsciousness is a few seconds shorter, until

finally the toxin has no effect on that person ever

again. Some of those who employ this poison are

not initially aware of this aspect of its makeup,

and learn about it only when the target of their at-

tention fails to fall down.

Swiftsleep

A gummy, translucent ale-brown liquid that

smells like crushed citrus fruit, swiftsleep is abun-

dant and relatively cheap because its ingredients

are a distillate of crushed flies and certain com-

mon tree beetles, added to duskwood sap.

When delivered into an open wound or oth-

erwise directly into the bloodstream, swiftsleep

causes nigh-instant slumber, with normal breath-

ing and smooth, even snoring, for an initial

period of many minutes. In much the fashion that

srindym works (see above), each time the same

target is affected, swiftsleeps duration decreases

by a good fraction, until after several exposures

that individual is immune.

Thardynyn

A translucent yellow liquid thats odorless but

tastes like sugary strawberries, thardynyn is made

from a distillate of certain fish scales combined

with alcohol (usually wine) and the blood of cer-

tain birds.

Thardynyn is harmless if consumed, but if the

substance touches ones body in any other way,

the resulting shock to the system causes uncon-

trollable shuddering, leaving the victim helpless to

prevent what happens next.

Yethgrel

An enspelled mixture of the spittle or blood of

seven sorts of monsters, yethgrel is a vivid purple,

opaque liquid. The substance wreaks havoc on

the physiology of anyone who drinks it, yet at the

same time it protects that same body from any

other harmful effects for a short period. Some

braveor desperateindividuals have deliber-

ately taken yethgrel so as to survive a few deadly

exchanges of combat.

44

Chapter 1

In every player pack I created for one of my Realms campaigns, I included current clacknews and rumors characters would hear lo-

cally (including from caravans passing through their locale) as play began. This is from the Company of the Stag player pack, but this is

how it all begins, every timebecause if you, the players, are going to choose where your characters go and what they explore, I must dangle

an array of possibilities before you. You have to feel the world is no lifeless backdrop, but a gigantic flood of many lives constantly unfolding.

LIFE IN THE REALMS

45

2

46

Many an adventurer has had to flee from, lie low

to avoid the attention of, or deal with the Watch

or some form of local law keepers, what the old

Amnian ballad calls the grim stalwarts who face

the night armed with lantern, badge, and sword.

And the law these stalwarts enforce isnt the

whim of a Watch officer, but something written

down somewhere and meant to be upheld by trial.

In short, there is a justice system with codes of

laws that define it, built with the intent to achieve

justiceand it is what has made the busy mercan-

tile successes of Faern possible. Many years ago,

the sage Alaundo wrote: If proud civilization is a

rampant, roaring dragon, laws and their keepers

are its mighty skeleton.

In the realm of law, as in many other areas

of life, those with the most clout usually get to

make the rules. In Faern, an appropriate syn-

onym for those with the most clout would be

the members of the noble class. No discussion

of legality and justice in the Realms can avoid the

fact that social class and noble standing (or lack

of it) are critical to how the system works for each

individual.

As the saying goes: If you dont handle nobles,

nobles will handle you.

R

O

N

N

O

C



O

M

A

I

L

L

I

W

CLASS AND NOBILITY

Almost all societies in the Realms are divided

into classes based on genealogy and wealth. In-

dividuals can move from class to class, but such

is never easyunless one moves from society to

society, leaving the neighbors who have known

him or her from birth. Although recent centuries

in the Realms have seen a steady rise in the power

and status of merchants, most lands have a titled

nobility, a ruling class that dominates by birth-

rightand often also by wealth and competence.

Many a poor rogue who lives by wits and despera-

tion dreams of becoming a noble.

In the Realms, some of them even manage it.

Lower Classes: The Haves

In most locales in the Realms, non-noble men

and women are considered equals but have tra-

ditional roles or fields of dominance. For men,

this dominance extends to warfare, sea voyaging,

and smithing, and for women, hearth and home

and shop keeping. In guilds, members rights and

privileges are never based on gender.

In addition, while most Faernian lands have

social classes based on wealth and heritage, rigid

castes that a person is born into and dies without

leaving are found nowhere in the Realms.

The closest thing to a feudal society in the

Realms is Tethyr. Almost all Heartlands and

more northerly farmers in the Realms are free-

men, though a case can be made for serfdom (in

fact if not in name; the term serf is unknown

in the Realms) in Tethyr (before the Black Days),

and in present-day Calimshan. Arguably, those

latter two countries have more high-yield farm-

land due to climate, so perhaps some form of

serfdom is used in the highest-output farmlands.

The most common Realms term for the equiv-

alent of a serf is bondsman, meaning someone

who holds lands under a contract that sets forth

conditions. Of course, the duties and rules for a

bondsman dont directly correspond to those of

real-world serfs.

Certainly the duchies of Tethyr and the border

baronies of Amn, such as Cormyr, are feudal in

nature, but that term isnt used to connote a serf-

dom. Rather, it means that the local lord has to

render military support to the ruler when called

upon, and in turn has the power to commandeer

portions of crop yields from the farms under the

local lords protection (and in some cases yeo-

man warriors from among the farmhands) when

the need arises.

No farmer in the Dales is anything but a free-

holder (freeman or freewoman) or a hired

crofter working and living on lands owned by

another and paying rent to that owner in the form

of either coin or a portion of the crop yield.

In Sembia and upland Cormyr, crofters are

the norm. Except for the strips of land alongside

major roads and in the most remote locales, al-

most all the tilled land is owned by one wealthy

family or another. In downland Cormyr

(roughly, south of Immersea and Waymoot), some

wealthy families own large numbers of separate

city buildings or small farms, but their properties

are scattered among the small holds of indepen-

dent Cormyrean citizens (freefolk).

Nobles: The Have-Mores

What advantages does being noble give someone?

In most places, being noble gives you special

treatment under the law thorough kinder inves-

tigations and fairer trials. Nobles tend to have

rights lesser folk lack, even something as trivial

as being allowed to stop and leave their coach in

the middle of a street, or being allowed to enter or

leave a city at all hours, when gates would remain

firmly shut for others.

Most important: Nobles have connections.

Nobles grow up knowing the right people to get

things doneeverything from quietly arrang-

ing investments, to giving jobs, to where to find

(source in polite speech) almost anything. They

are taught the local ways of successfully com-

manding, demanding, and influencingand are

expected to use them. Most certainly do.

By and large, nobles do not exercise their influ-

ence in an outright malicious way; to do so would

be to unnecessarily invite discontent among those

wronged. Exceptions exist, however.

For example, in the largest and most prosper-

ous cities of Faern (such as Waterdeep, Athkatla,

Suzail, and all the cities of Sembia), there are

wealthy youths who because of their family pros-

perity have leisure and coin enough to pursue

fashions and interests at idle whim. They often do

so in ways that disgust or unsettle their parents,

as a form of rebellion. Some young nobles play at

LAWS AND ORDERS

47

being a street beggar or a gang member or even a

highcoin escort. Others join weird cults, or even

create weird cults, complete with shocking cloth-

ing; secret passwords and catchphrases; or an

obsession with the bygone fashions, manners, and

mores of ancestors from several centuries back.

Additionally, these cults often feature arcane

sagecraft or herb lore, or the desire to go feral and

live with packs of wild animals.

For most, these are just passing fads, but be-

cause so many idle youths try them, there are

always some mischief-making wastrels to be

found.

Currently, in both Athkatla and Waterdeep,

nobles and the youth of rising merchant houses

play at Farforevermore, the activity of wear-

ing the fashions popular among local nobles more

than a century ago, courting in the old ways, and

playing at keepingand floggingslaves as the

nobles once did . . . and so on. Forevers adopt

personas while playacting, often maintain hid-

den or private garret rooms where they transform

from their everyday selves to their personas, and

pool funds to host revels or even rent mansions

where they can play. Of course, most of them

hotly deny that theyre playing at anything, insist-

ing instead that theyre improving themselves,

and ultimately their cities, by cleaving to the bet-

ter ways of yesteryear.

Becoming Noble

The process for being made a noble varies from

place to place. In most realms and city-states, you

gain a title by pleasing the ruleror by serving as

a convenient fall guy. The title can be either a va-

cant title that you assume or, more commonly, a

new title invented on the spot.

Cormyr even distinguishes between hereditary

and nonhereditary titles. Azoun IV before his

death, Filfaeril his queen before or after his death,

Alusair as regent, and any ruler thereafter can

confer a title on you that gives your offspring no

title or status at all. Sitting nobles everywhere

frown on rulers adding upstarts to their ranks

and will often treat them with disdain regardless

of what title theyve gained. There are also court

titles (also known as offices) that come with great

power, but arent themselves a mark of nobility.

Although, just to confuse things, theyre usu-

ally given to nobles, or if handed to commoners,

are commonly accompanied by at least a knight-

hood. Alusair the Steel Regent could appoint the

nearest street urchin as warden of the Western

Marchesbut its hard to see why she would.

One true Cormyrean tale is told of a wounded

Azoun IV wanting to send a commoner to Fil-

faeril to deliver a message without War Wizards

stopping him, because he had just been wounded

in a plot involving traitor War Wizards. So he ap-

pointed a particular commoner to be a lord high

marshal of Cormyr for a tenday, complete with a

royal ring, several copies of the royal commission,

a War Wizard cloak, and Azouns own dagger.

Vangerdahast was livid when he encountered this

presumed impostor and forcefully took the com-

moner into custodybut did immediately bring

that individual to Filfaeril, without examining the

message he was carrying.

In Amn, Tethyr, and any land imperiled by

monsters or brigandry, one can often gain nobil-

ity by offering to police a border area. Serving as

examples are the baron of Hawkhill in the north-

eastern mountains of Amn, and the standing offer

from the Crown of Cormyr to make a baron of

anyone who can occupy, tame, police, and patrol

the Stonelands.

Personal service to a monarch plus marriage

to nobility usually gains you a noble title in your

own right (as opposed to something lame such as

sir consort). But bear in mind that if the mon-

arch is succeeded by someone who didnt like

him or her, the title might go away againand

your head with it. Many nobles, such as the out-

of-favor families in Westgate and elsewhere, have

found that their status earns them exile in this

way.

If a hero personally and publicly saved Cormyr,

the ruling Obarskyr of the day would probably

reward him or her with a handsome title: High

Protector of the Realm or some such. The Obar-

skyr would almost certainly not publicly say if

the title was hereditary or not, and it wouldnt be

worded to make it sound hereditary. Only War

Wizards, senior palace scribes, and local heralds

would know the permanence or impermanence of

the title. Of course, public sentiment would prob-

ably enthusiastically support bestowal of the title

at the time, but the Obarskyr is banking on the

passage of time to help make sure that the nature

of the title, hereditary or not, eventually wont be

of great public interest. Cormyrs early history

48

Chapter 2

After the Swords of Eveningstar arrived in Shadowdale, cleaned out the brigands in the Twisted Tower, and claimed the lordship of the dale

(Florin refusing it because he wanted to continue to be a ranger, not sit on a throne, so Doust ending up saddled with it), the future Knights

of Myth Drannor decided they needed to have a census. This is the first page of it. They wanted to identify locals who seemed suspicious.

Little did they know that more than a third of their subjects were agents of the Zhentarim, Cormyr, Sembia, or other dales!

LAWS AND ORDERS

49

argues against the public acceptance of hereditary

elven titles.

In Sembia, if you just want to be called lord,

all you need do is amass a staggering amount of

coin, take up residence in Sembia, and proclaim

yourself a lord. This method has worked for

scores of individuals over the last few centuries.

Many ambitious adventurers have set them-

selves up as nobility in the Border Kingdoms,

conquering a few pastures and forests and declar-

ing it a realm. They usually also give themselves

all sorts of grand and often ridiculous titles, such

as Emperor of the Lower Middens. Thats

the usual sort of way that adventurers become

noble, aside from wooing and marrying nobility.

Realmslore is full of tales of warriors who forcibly

wooed fair noble maids, who after marriage fell

deeply in love with their new lords . . . but then,

lore tends to be more romantic than daily life; a

large number of such force-taken maids have poi-

soned or daggered their lords.

Becoming Noble in

Waterdeep

To put it succinctly: Forget it. Nobility in Wa-

terdeep is a closed shop. Old-money merchant

families once conferred noble status on them-

selves in return for their support of common

laws that would bind them as well as the rabble,

and their descendants are working very hard

to prevent new-money merchantsor anyone

else!from gaining a title. In any event, folks in

Waterdeep respect money, not titles, so if youre

the visiting king of Haroondra-Lala, thats nice

now pay up.

Still determined to gain power in Waterdeep,

without the title? The easiest way would be to

discover the identity of a Masked Lord and to

dispose of and impersonate him or her (easi-

est, please note, not easy). This tactic presents

moral problems for many individuals, and theres

also a high risk of discovery by mind-snooping

Watchful Order magists and fellow Masked

Lords. In addition, there are numerous pitfalls

beyond the mere changing of face and form in

successfully fooling family, friends, and business

contacts into believing that you are actually the

Masked Lord in question.

A slower, harder way to power is to serve the

city with distinction in exposing plots, legal trans-

gressions, and the like. Do so long enough and

well enoughand stay alive in the face of angry

surviving swindlers and plottersand you will

get noticed by the authorities. This notice in-

cludes being thoroughly investigated by the City

Guard, the citys unofficial but very real secret

agents (who report to Piergeiron or Mirt), as well

as by the Watchful Order and the Watch.

If youre truly clean of personal scandal (not

ambitions, just shady dealings and intentions),

you might be covertly approached to become a se-

cret agent. Ifand only ifbeing a public agent

would be the most effective way you could serve,

you would be taken on at the palace in some sort

of official position, and could gain status thereby.

This turn of events is unlikely, however, since

public agents are numerous already, and the lords

really need more unknown, fresh faces for secret-

agent work.

Of course, having this status would still mean

youd be looked down on by old-guard nobles;

they even look down on Piergeiron and Khelben

(behind their backs, of course). Courtiers are

mere toadies and jumped-up power-snatchers

in their regard, but then, so are junior noble fami-

lies. Some nobles spend their entire lives ranking

people and playing Im haughtier than thou

games. So, you could receive elevated status, yes,

complete with airs to match, if you want to as-

sume them . . . but dont expect to get the full,

cordial, Youre one of us treatment from certain

nobles, who would cut you dead even if you mar-

ried their parents, siblings, or offspring.

The most junior Waterdhavian noble families

were elevated in 1254 DR, and Waterdeep has

actually lost two noble families since then: Zoar

and Gildeggh, which were exiled in 1273 DR.

There have since been three noble families who

almost went extinct, and there is some evidence

that nobles or Lords of Waterdeep quickly ar-

ranged marriages to make certain that no noble

house disappeared. This was done both to avoid

pressure from any ambitious merchants (Theres

now room for me, isnt there?) and, more im-

portant, to avoid having dozens of mountebanks

or serious individuals showing up over the cen-

turies to come, each claiming to be the long-lost

heir of this or that noble house. (So wheres my

50

Chapter 2

No matter what angle you think youre viewing them from, the nobles of  Waterdeep will be looking down upon you. (Its what they do.)

Y

O

V

E

C

M

K

C

I

R

T

A

P

LAWS AND ORDERS

51

mansion? What have you done with it? You owe

me for it!)

In this sense, junior really refers to the fact

that certain noble families play a sneering-down-

upon-others game based on the belief or pretense

that their bloodlines are older and therefore bet-

ter than those of other nobility. In truth, all of

Waterdeeps nobles began as jumped-up wealthy

merchantsand some houses have even lost most

of their wealth since being ennobled. So this

snobbery isnt much different from two ancient,

toothless old men living in adjacent tumbledown

shacks in a village, one of them looking down on

the other because his family wasnt originally

from these parts.

Its possible to marry into the nobility of Water-

deep, especially if you happen to be good-looking

or very rich, but gaining entry into a family by

successfully disposing of and impersonating a

particular noble, or successfully convincing a par-

ticular noble family you are a long-lost relation, is

much harder. Even legitimate long-lost kin must

be ready to withstand hired magical probing and

other testsand be pleasant throughout. If the

would-be heir is not pleasant enough, a dagger in

the ribs and a corner of earth in the deepest cellar

is much less work than feeding, clothing, and tol-

erating him or her.

How They Did It

The Phull and Zulpair families were the last to be

ennobled, and they seem to have managed it by

identical methods, to wit:

1. They succeeded at trade enough to become

staggeringly wealthy.

2. They bought up large amounts of real estate

in Waterdeep, especially in North Ward and Sea

Ward.

3. They attended all the revels and acted in a

quiet, toadying, subservient manner, offering free

coin to help with the troubles discussed by grum-

bling nobles at said functions.

4. They very quietly loaned coin to desperate

noble houses.

5. They financially bailed out and furthered

the stated aims of a few Masked Lords by clean-

ing up firetrap warehouses in Dock Ward, fixing

the sewers, dredging the harbor, and expanding

and repairing the city walls. Then, they allowed

the Masked Lords to take all the credit.

6. They told everyone, over and over again at

revels, that they cared deeply for the good of Wa-

terdeep and said often that We must all think of

the good of Waterdeep, so that it will be as great

centuries hence as it is now.

7. When desperate noble houses discreetly ap-

proached them for even more coin than theyd

given them before (in step 4), they willingly

handed them more, saying, This should be a

gift, not a loan, but not being noble myself, I cant

insult you like that. Now, if we were both noble,

all youd need do would be to hintand this

could always be a gift.

8. They started marrying their daughters

(made as beautiful as magic could make them,

and trained in noble speech and deportment) into

noble houses, and accompanied them with stag-

geringly large dowries that were never actually

called dowries or publicly transferred.

9. They hired spies to learn the identities of one

or two of the Masked Lords, and they befriended

them, financially helping their businesses.

10. They bribed (through intermediaries, of

course) some of the disaffected young wastrel no-

bles to verbally champion their families at revels

by acting as nobles should.

11. They bribed (through intermediaries) some

servants at revels to remark to other servants that

their families acted as true nobles should.

12. They bankrolled some young, disaffected

nobles desirous of pursuing their dreams, how-

ever foolish or zany their schemes, and befriended

them.

13. They watched for financial troubles among

the nobles and sought to repeat step 4, aiming for

a repeat of step 7.

And, all that time, they didnt build luxury city

mansions of their own, didnt openly challenge

any noble, and never openly asked to become

nobleor pretended to be noble.

Eventually, someone facing ruin remembered

step 7 and started whispering that these gener-

ous families should be ennobled. The Phull and

Zulpair families were wise enough to do nothing.

They just let it happen.

As you can see, this plan requires kingdoms

full of money (the Zulpairs found a remote is-

land where monsters had devoured a dwarf clan

and then perished for lack of food, leaving en-

tire caverns full of mined rubies ownerless) and

52

Chapter 2

generations of time, plus not making a single mis-

take. Thats why its never been done since. It

worked for the Phulls and the Zulpairs (who have

been scorned by many nobles since) because they

practically bought up all of North Ward between

themand then gave it away, property by prop-

erty, in the process of winning support for the

ennobling of House Phull and House Zulpair.

As to how Waterdeep got nobles in the first place:

The richest merchants in Waterdeep got together

in the face of Raurlors and then Ahghairons au-

thoritarianism and said: Right, now, hear this:

Were special, and we get these special privileges,

hey? In return, well support your rule instead of

knifing all your agents and raising support against

you, and then fighting each other and destroying

the whole damned city, eh, what? Ahghairon saw

this as the perfect way to avoid the rise of another

Raurlor, when he grew too old to stop such a ca-

lamity, as these self-styled nobles would police

each other as well as the commoners under them.

This all changed in 1452 DR when a few im-

poverished nobles sold their titles in return for

staggering sums of coin to pay off their almost-

as-staggering debts. The shame wasnt as dire as

theyd thought it would be, and the few became

a torrent over the next twenty years, until by

1480 DR noble titles became publicly offered for

saleand, for the first time, for resale, as some of

the wealthy purchasers of titles themselves fell on

hard times.

JUSTICE

The Realms is a large world, and across it are a

bewildering variety of local laws and edicts and

ways of applying them. Edicts can be ruler proc-

lamations, but far more frequently are temporary

laws and person-specific prohibitions instated by

lower-ranking officials. These tend to have less

weight at a trial than codified, formal laws unless

they have stood for some time and been rein-

forced by many sentences.

The Laws of Secomber

The laws of Secomber are reproduced in this

section, because they are typical of local legal

codes throughout the Heartlands. These laws are

modeled on Waterdeeps Code Legal, with the fol-

lowing modifications.

In Waterdeep there are four plaints of crimes,

the first and most serious of which is crimes

against the Lords, or offenses against the gov-

ernment. There are no crimes against Lords in

Secomber.

In Waterdeep, most crimes are heard by one of

twenty-six magisters (commonly known as Black

Robes, for their uniforms), but cases can be ap-

pealed to the Lords Court, which consists of the

Open Lord of the city and two magisters, neither

of whom is the magister whose decision is being

appealed.

Rather than black-robed magisters, Secomber

has Rods of Justice as its judges. These are re-

spected elders, nominated and voted into office

for four-summer terms by the populace, and their

total number varies from six to nine (as illness

and crime rates necessitate). A Rod can be dis-

missed by a majority vote of the other Rods, can

resign freely, and can excuse oneself from specific

cases if he or she has a personal interest in the

outcome (though Rods cant be compelled to ex-

cuse themselves, even when a conflict of interest

or bias is obvious).

All cases are heard by nine-member juries

made up of landowners of Secomber, each cho-

sen randomly by a blindfolded local child (who

in turn is randomly chosen by any priest whos

handy, or failing that by a Rod) who chooses

name-bearing chits out of a cauldron. If a chit

drawn is someone who has served on a jury within

the previous year, the chit is discarded and a new

chit is drawn as a replacement. All trials are pub-

lic, and often serve as entertainment for the idle.

The accused parties are allowed to speak freely,

though Rods can and do order them gagged if

they spit obscenities or offer tirades or threats.

Spellcasting in court (without the express per-

mission of the presiding Rod) is a severe crime;

if done by an accused person, the defendant will

be struck unconscious, bound, and gagged. Jus-

tice will then proceed with that person left thus

restrained, with the punishment for spellcasting

added to whatever sentence he or she might be

given for the original crime. Attacking a Rod at

any time is treated as both aiding an attack upon

Secomber and assault upon a citizen, and the

sentences for both apply.

LAWS AND ORDERS

53

The powers behind the thrones: Any who wonder why Cormyr hasnt erupted into civil war scores of times during its history must be

unaware of how much its noble lords are ruled by their usually sensible and always iron-willed ladies.

Trials are immediate (usually held within half

a day), though a Rod can order a stay of proceed-

ings if theres a wait to gain witnesses or evidence.

As in Waterdeeps Code Legal, these laws arent

absolute rules, but rather guidelines. Rods and ju-

ries are free to set any sentence they want if guilt

is determined. The inability to pay fines or dam-

ages is mitigated by seizure of the guilty persons

property, combined with enforced hard labor

until enough coin is earned to satisfy the debt.

Unlike in Waterdeep, there is no Lords Court

or automatic appeal a party found guilty can

makebut increasingly, over the years, the proc-

lamation of new evidence coming to light has led

to a nigh-automatic swift and informal retrial, or

sometimes dismissal of the charges against a pris-

oner and the rewarding of freedom on the spot.

Secombers Code of Justice

Three general kinds of offenses exist in Sec-

omber, to wit:

The category of godsfrowns (crimes against the

gods) includes assaults against Secomber, most

criminal activities that involve property loss or

damage, and offenses of a personal nature that do

not cause or lead to the death of the victim.

Deathseekings are crimes that directly involve

death or that threaten to bring about death by

their performance, including outright killing and

other injurious behavior.

Deceits, malices, and threatenings make up

the roster of lesser crimes. Some of these offenses,

from the severity of their punishments, can be

roughly equated to misdemeanors in the real

world. Others (such as impersonating a Rod) are

much more serious.

54

Chapter 2

E

L

S

I

L

E

B

C

I

R

E

Godsfrowns

Attacking Secomber: This crime is defined

as invading Secomber with intent to murder, pil-

lage, or set fires; the act of deliberately poisoning

or fouling any food, water, or drinkable in Sec-

omber; casting spells to cause building collapses

or effects reasonably expected to cause multiple

deaths; or damage to city gates. If observed in the

act by a Rod or Watch member, the offender is

killed on the spot; otherwise the punishment for

conviction is death.

Aiding an Attack upon Secomber: This

crime is defined as knowingly providing informa-

tion or assistance to outlander parties desiring to

damage or steal property from Secomber, foul any

well or pond in Secomber, or attack or kidnap or

mutilate or maim any citizen of Secomber. The

offender must pay damages to anyone affected by

the attack, serve hard labor, and pay a fine to the

city. Then the offender is exiled and banned from

entering the city again.

Arson: The offender is sentenced to death or

enforced hard labor, depending on the severity of

the crime, then branded and exiled.

Defiling Holy Places or Temple Theft: The

offender must pay damages and serve a term of

hard labor. A public pronouncement forbids the

convict from entering a holy place, and the of-

fender is often exiled from the city.

Public Blasphemy: The offender is impris-

oned for half a day, or overnight if the trial is held

in the evening.

Rape: The offender pays damages to the vic-

tim. Then the miscreant is stripped, chained in

public, flogged, and left chained until the next

sunrise. Citizens can ridicule the miscreant, but

face justice if they strike, hurl missiles that do

lasting harm, or cast hostile magic on the mis-

creant. During the shackling, citizens are free to

feed, tend, comfort, give medical aid, and try to

warm the miscreant with fires, cloaks, et cetera,

but they may not unchain him or her or entirely

clothe him or her. Then the offender suffers muti-

lation and is thrown in a dungeon.

Spellcasting in Court: The offender is

flogged and shackled as described above, then

fined and imprisoned for a tenday. This act is

not a crime if it has the express prior permission

of a Rod.

Theft: The thief must pay a fine to the city

as well as damages to the victim, and is publicly

flogged and shackled.

Tomb-Robbing: The thief must pay a fine to

the city and damages to the injured party (usually

a relative of the tombs inhabitant), and is then

branded as a tomb-robber.

Violation of Any Edict: The offender is sen-

tenced to manual labor at the direction of the

presiding Rod of Justice. This could mean re-

pairing walls or bridges, filling in potholes and

washouts on roads, mending roofs or chimneys,

shoveling or plowing snow in winter, orthe old

fallbackcutting, splitting, and stacking fire-

wood. A fine also applies, plus a new trial if the

violation involves new offenses against the Code.

Deathseekings

Assault upon a Citizen Resulting in Injury:

The offender must pay damages and is sentenced

to either hard labor or public flogging and shack-

ling. (A citizen is one who owns land, pays rent,

or has resided in Secomber or within view of its

walls for at least a season.)

Assault upon an Outlander Resulting in

Injury: The offender must pay damages, possibly

followed by light labor or a fine.

Harmful Public Spellcasting: The caster

must pay damages and a fine, serve a light labor

sentence for up to a tenday, and is then exiled

from the city for one full year. This category in-

cludes unleashing magic items. Harmful means

resulting in damage to persons or property, or

through fear or removal of support causing imme-

diate accident or suicide.

Murder: A willful murder brings a death sen-

tence, but if the murder is judged unintentional,

the miscreant might be flogged and shackled and

then banned. In cases of justified killing (such

as in the defense of self, spouse, or children), the

offender is usually branded instead. Note that

killings brought about by an attempt to prevent

any crime in the Code receive lesser punishments

(typically a fine paid to the city, or none at all),

and adventurers or mercenaries who were hired

to defend Secomber or to keep the peace cannot

receive sentences more severe than a fine. Acquit-

tals are usual in cases of murder done to someone

who threatens the accused with a weapon after

having just publicly committed a murder.

LAWS AND ORDERS

55

Deceits, Malices, and Threatenings

Bribery or Attempted Bribery: The pun-

ishment includes light labor, a fine, and a public

pronouncement prohibiting the offender from en-

gaging in any activity related to the bribe.

Dealing in Stolen Goods: The fence pays a

fine and damages, both based on the Rods esti-

mation of value of stolen goods.

Forgery of Currency or Legal Document

or Posted Notice: The forger must serve a term

of hard labor or imprisonment, and must also pay

damages.

Fraud: The miscreant is branded and must

pay both damages and a fine.

Hampering Justice: This crime is defined as

refusing to testify, hiding from the Watch, pre-

venting the Watch from entry or impeding the

Watchs chasing of someone or seizure of some-

thing. The offender must pay a fine and serve a

sentence of hard labor.

Impersonating a Rod of Justice, a Member

of the Watch, or an Ordained Priest: The of-

fender is fined and exiled.

Intimidation or Blackmail: The offender

must pay a fine and damages, and endures public

flogging and shackling.

Obstruction: In most cases, this offense

amounts to parking a wagon or conveyance

against a doorway or across an alley or other

route, so it cant easily be traversed. The offender

must pay damages, and a public edict forbids

him or her from driving a wagon in the city for a

specified period. If the city gate was blocked, the

sentence also includes imprisonment for one full

day and night.

Resisting Arrest: The offender is imprisoned

for one day, then flogged and shackled. If the

accused is deemed to be too weak to endure flog-

ging and shackling, a fine is levied instead.

Vandalism: The vandal pays a fine and dam-

ages and is then flogged and shackled. If the

damage is to a garden, or is merely cosmetic, pay-

ment of damages is usually the only punishment.

Laws of Daily Life

In addition to the codified laws discussed here,

Secomber and almost every other settlement large

enough to hold a market that noncitizens come

to, all across Faern, have a patchwork of accu-

mulated civic laws. These are akin to real-world

bylaws and regulations, and they govern how

buildings are built (to minimize fire risk), when

and where certain activitiesparticularly those

that are noisy, such as building constructioncan

be carried out, and various prohibitions that have

been put in place on a case-by-case basis to settle

local disputes. (Owing to insufferable stenches,

Thaeler the furrier is not to park a wagon of raw

hides, nor any uncured furs, against this wall or

within two lance-lengths of any part of this wall,

said lances being held straight out from the wall

in line with each other.) A first-time offender

against a civic law receives a warning, pays a fine,

and must promise not to reoffend. Penalties for

repeat offenders escalate.

PROPERTY LAW

Generally, formal laws regarding possessions

and property exist only in kingdoms and other

organized countries. Otherwise, might makes

right, and the law is whatever the local lord or

kingpin says.

In reality, this brute force, My sword is the

law approach is always tempered by custom.

Customs are formed by the habits of genera-

tions, built up into the way things are done, as

well as by the expectations of locals (You can

push us, self-styled lord, but only so far: my

grandsire built that fence and my sire expanded

ittear it down and on their graves I swear Ill

tear you down!) and by the unwritten rules of

wayfaring as understood by caravan merchants,

peddlers, pilgrims, and envoys, and enforced by

priests and the Heralds.

An example of this policing: If you set up an

inn and then murder everyone who stops there

and keep their goods, even if thats morally ac-

ceptable to you as a devout follower of Bane or of

Cyric, it will not be suffered to stand. Once word

gets out, expect to be soon destroyed by several

caravans arriving at once intent on murdering

you. Or failing that, expect to be shunned and ig-

nored, with no one visiting you for any reasonso

it would be best for you if theres absolutely noth-

ing you need by way of trade, ever again, from

now until the end of your life.

Centuries of disputes all over the Realms have

led to property laws that are usually akin to this

arrangement: You can charge fees for the use

56

Chapter 2

of your land, or you can fence off your land and

guard it, with notices, prohibiting all or specific

uses of itbut you cant simply butcher, maim,

imprison, or rob individuals you find on your

land. Moreover, you cant flout local customs with

regard to buying and selling land, or renting land

to farmers to till, or providing stable and paddock

space and room and board to travelers.

Border disputes between neighbors might be

settled with violence, or by documents and rules

and solemn (church or Herald-witnessed) agree-

ments. Borders between nobility or rulers or

countries are always solemnized somehow, usually

with agreements or treaties arising out of wars

and enforced by periodic border patrols or even

garrisons. Often, for clarity and convenience,

such borders follow a river, a mountain range, a

road, or a tiny, meandering stream. Miscreants

fleeing across a border cant depend on protection

from their destination unless there are patrols or

garrisons at the border. Without a patrol or gar-

rison to guard the border, those in pursuit of the

fleeing miscreants will simply follow them, ignor-

ing the boundary.

Slavery

Officially illegal almost everywhere in known

Faern, except in Dambrath, Thay, and the Old

Empires, the practice of slavery is known to be

widespread in most eastern lands.

Which doesnt mean it doesnt go on in many

other places. In the cold Savage North, orcs take

human slaves whenever they canand eat slaves

who are no longer considered useful. In the chill

wilderlands north of the Moonsea, beast-men

(ogres) capture humans for use as slaves and food.

There has always been a thriving slave trade in

Sembia, Westgate, and Marsember, but by the

very nature of the business as practiced in that

part of the Realms, there arent named, high-

profile groups of slave takers. Rather, its always

a few individuals doing snatch-and-grab jobs and

fetching captives, who are often drugged to keep

them silent, eating and drinking little, and not

trying to escape. The slavers then drag their cap-

tives to a hiding place they control, from which

the goods can readily be transferred to the ship

of a captain who is covertly dealing in slaves. This

is an important source of income for some Sea of

Fallen Stars pirates.

There arent a lot of ship captains involved,

but there are a lot of little slaving cabals. Each is

composed of a dozen people at most, and half of

those are usually guards and heave the drugged

bodies muscle, with six at most being the ac-

tive snatchers and thinkers. Many of these cabals

can, if someone starts to hunt or hound them, call

on the occasional assistance of evil wizards and

priests in return for bodies to experiment on or

use in rituals.

Because of the small, secretive, informal na-

ture of these gangs, theres little official mention

of slavers. Unofficially, Faernians hear a lot of

horrific tales about slavers snatching innocent

folk, causing them to be hated and feared. Folk

in Marsember tend to be blas about slavers, and

Sembians know and accept that hiring someone

to have a rival, a fellow heir, or a creditor re-

moved is a daily business option. But Dalefolk

and rural Cormyreans will grab pitchforks and at-

tack suspected slavers on sight.

CORMYREAN NAMING

AND TRADE LAWS

Cormyrs naming laws and fair trade regula-

tions are typical of those that have developed in

other well-governed lands and settlements in the

Realms.

No Royal Names Allowed

The kingdoms laws about naming date back to

about ten years before the death of King Azoun

IV, when Vangerdahast and Alaphondar had an

idle month and agreed on some things. One of

them was a Crown law banning businesses of all

sorts (including inns, taverns, and private clubs)

from using royal names, royal nicknames, and

royal heraldry, as well as preventing them from

decrying the Crown.

This means you cant name your tavern

Azouns Codpiece or Duars Head or the Steel

Regents Backrest. Local Purple Dragons would

be offended and might wreck such an establish-

ment even if there was no law. Those soldiers have

a fierce loyalty to their companions in harness

(comrades in arms) and the Obarskyrs who lead

them, and so veteran Purple Dragons tend to take

a very dim view of anything that pokes fun at the

LAWS AND ORDERS

57

Crown. Such an act of naming would also be seen

as tempting misfortune, and as such many poten-

tial customers would avoid the place as well. Of

course, sometimes undercover drinking clubs in

Marsember are given names that are a mockery of

the Crownbut never real, taxable businesses.

In memory, Azoun IV is revered and jovially

celebrated in taverns everywhere as our stal-

lion. However, honoring him takes the form of

remembrance festivals on the date of his birth-

day, and the naming of meals or ales as Azouns

Preferred or Azouns Chosen (claims that

everyone smiles at and does nothing to refute, in-

cluding Crown agents), rather than buildings and

businesses that are named after him. Court offi-

cials had to be quite firm in the recent case of the

A King To Swoon For club. Lauding royalty,

rather than mocking the Crown, does not earn an

exception to the law.

The law also prevents directly naming any

business after a particular battle (even a victory),

or any noble, noble family, local lord, or specific

heraldic blazon. You could, for instance, dub your

tavern the Rearing Stag even though certain

arms use a rearing stag as a device. You could not,

on the other hand, duplicate the depiction of the

rearing stag that appears in the Staghunt noble

family blazon, nor adopt the heraldic description

of that stag: a full-antlered scarlet stag rampant

to the dexter, its silver rack entwined with the

branches of an oak tree. Theres no rule against

a business using the name of a Cormyrean naval

ship, because a few unintentional duplications ex-

isted when Vangey and Alaphondar were drafting

the lawand because neither of them considered

that anyone would ever confuse a ship with a

business or a building ashore.

The names of mythical noblesso long as they

cant be mistaken for members of a real noble

familycan serve as the names of establishments,

so the Drunken Lord or Old Lord Roaring-

sides is all right, but Old Lord Roaringsides

would not be allowed in combination with a de-

piction, badge, or anything else (such as the black

stallions famously bred by the Roaringhorn fam-

ily) that would make a traveler think there was an

association with the Roaringhorns.

Cormyr, like every other long-settled place, has

several folk equivalents to the real-world Baron

Munchausen, Casanova, and Squire Allworthy.

Nobles detest being linked to these names, since

they have long been evoked to comment on (and

usually mock) nobility of the day.

The best known is the aforementioned Old

Lord Roaringsides, a hunting, brawling, tirelessly

enduring lover of every woman within reach, who

is said to eat like sixteen men at a feast, belch loud

enough to knock nearby folk over, and so on.

Another is Lady Doom, an icily sneering haunt

of a gowned, gliding woman who sails through

walls and locked doors without hindrance, says

nothing to most but whispers of doom to a few,

and whose appearance presages misfortune

or death.

The third most popular is Lord Firetongue

Haubrynton, based on a non-noble knight of

another name who fought alongside King Duar

long ago. The Lord Firetongue of the folktales

is a solemn, dignified noble of senior years who

has fits in which he swears like a sailor, punches

objectionable people, chases maids, plays pranks

. . . and then reverts, apparently having forgot-

ten everything hes done. The real knight differs

from the folk version in that he apparently had no

remembrance, whereas the fictional Lord Fire-

tongue is always depicted as slyly winking when

he claims to have no knowledge of his wild deeds.

Using Place Names

You can name your tavern, inn, or stables (but

not any other kind of business) directly after the

place it is located in. For instance, the Arms of

Arabel and the Pride of Arabel are legal names

for taverns or inns, but not for armorers, weapons

shops, bakeries or garment shops. A tailor cant

do business as the Flashing Needle of Arabel,

even if that nickname has been bestowed by his or

her customers.

The laws prohibit duplication of, or even simi-

larity to, an existing name. Crown agents (the

same guys who show up to collect taxes) will force

a name change on the second business in if, in

their sole opinion, confusion could arise (for one

thing, they never want the tax rolls to get con-

fused). So if the Pride of Arabel is flourishing,

you cant legally open the Promenade of Arabel,

because the two businesses might get confused by

a wayfarer from afar unfamiliar with the city (or

so a past Crown agent ruled), but the Delight of

Arabel or the Heart of Arabel would be fine.

58

Chapter 2

A coach means noble or even royal cargo. Some folk say they wave like that to keep the flies off.

No business can name itself after a place it

isnt located in (for example, no inn in Espar call-

ing itself High Horn Rest). There are a few

old businesses that break this rule, and the right

to go on breaking it can be bought and sold, but

the number of such exceptions never increases.

For example, theres a centuries-old inn called

Wyvernwater Inn that was originally known as

the Wyvernwater Way Inn because it was on the

road to Wyvernwater, half a day north of that

place. The name shrank over the years, but the

inn itself has survived in steady operation, dating

to before the naming rules were tightenedso it

can continue to exist. However, if its keeper sells

it to someone who goes on operating it under

the same name, that seller cant open a new inn

outside Wyvernwater called the Old Wyvernwa-

ter House. Similarly, if the inn called Wheloon

House (located well outside walled Wheloon)

ever burns down, it can be rebuilt, but it cant

K

C

R

A

M

O

K

L

E

A

H

C

I

M

be expanded to two outside-Wheloon locations,

Old Wheloon House and Wheloon Castle (unless

those locations lack Wheloon in their names).

Many elder businesses sport discreet banner

boards under their main signboards, to inform

all that this establishment was formerly known by

a famous or infamous, but now banned, name.

Signs Must Be Seen

Inns, public stables, and taverns are required by

law to have clearly visible signs that thrust out

into the street. These signs must be lit by lanterns

or some other means, such as magic, so as to be

readable by night, except during instances when

local authorities specifically decree otherwise,

such as during a war.

Other kinds of businesses might choose to

have such signs, or might be governed by local

guild rules or trade agreements in their signage.

Almost all businesses do have signs, though not

LAWS AND ORDERS

59

all businesses use out-thrust signboards. Some

businesses, particularly crafters, have flush-to-

the-wall signs mounted over their doors. In all

cases, the Crown (acting through local lords or

through Purple Dragon commanders in rural

areas where there is no local lord) has instant and

final say over the size, shape, content, and loca-

tion of all such signage. Location, in this context,

means how much the sign thrusts out into or

over the road, creating a hazard for high-loaded

wagons and coaches.

Local heralds have a duty to inspect and order

any necessary changes to all such signage on the

grounds of infringing on heraldry or mislead-

ing the public as to the nature of the business

(not, however, on the grounds of good taste). The

High Heralds can override local heralds, who

can in turn override the tastes of a local lord or

his agents. This gives citizens a route of appeal if

their lord just doesnt like giant carved wooden

boots or candles hanging from chains out over the

street he rides down, for instance.

It would be foolish for shopkeepers to pick a

fight with their local lord, who has many ways

of getting back at them, if he chooses. However,

there is a strict prohibition on local lords harming

businesses or crafters by denying them one sign

after another, and in the past, local lords have

been removed and publicly disgraced for doing

so, most notably Onslur Gelnwood of Wheloon in

the last few years of the reign of Rhigaerd I, and

Caltath Malurt of Waymoot in the second year of

Azoun IVs rule.

Quality of Goods

Tax collectors and all traveling Crown officials

and courtiers have clear, easy, and confidential

channels through which to complain about bad

beer and similar shortcomings in inns and tav-

erns. They can, for instance, speak to any Purple

Dragon barracks commander, to any local lord

or bailiff of a local lord, to any War Wizard, or to

the Desk of Justice in the Royal Court of Suzail.

Every one of these complain to persons can also

make complaints from his or her own observa-

tions, or on behalf of any citizen.

All complaints are ultimately routed to the

Desk of Justice, which is really a room rather than

a desk, and has nothing at all to do with Black

Robes or judicial proceedings. Rather, it is a small

band of undercover inspectors run by a High-

knight (a person who serves the royal family as a

personal enforcer, spy, or envoy) and escorted by

War Wizards and Highknights when it seems nec-

essary for safetys sake. These inspectors have the

power to close a kitchen or taps on the spot, con-

fiscate or destroy food, yank Crown licenses, and

effectively shut down a business for as long as it

takes to fix iteven if that is forever. They rarely

have to do so, these days; their mere appearance

awes many patrons and frightens most hostelry

owners bone white.

However, there arent specific qualities set

down in laws. The Desk tries to prevent poi-

sonings, disease, and (the most important and

prevalent part of their work) daily deception.

If you are promised a tankard of ale, theres an

expectation that the tankard will be large enough

to have a handle you can fit all the fingers of one

hand through. In addition, the inside of the tan-

kard should have a fillable depth that descends

at least two finger widths below that handle and

at least one above, and that space should be wide

enough that all fingers of one hand, squeezed

together tightly, can be thrust down into the

tankard. This indeed means drinkers with huge

hands should be given larger tankards, or more

ale in other containers, per drink paid for. For

everyone, it means no miniature toy tankards,

and no vessels that are only two inches deep,

from lip to the bell, or inside bottom. Similarly,

if you are promised mutton or goose eggs or ale

from Arabel, what you are served should be just

that, not something else passed off as what was

promised.

Labeling and Levies

In the ports of Suzail and Marsember, guilds

insist on and try to enforce strict labeling and pre-

cise identification of goods, so Malaxans Best

Brew wont be barrels of whatever Sembia sends

labeled as such, but will always be beer actually

brewed by the person named Malaxan, in the

same place, and to more or less the same recipe.

It should also really be what he considers his best,

and not mixed-bottom-barrel dregs slop Sembi-

ans wont drink, so well ship it to Cormyr, where

all they can taste is horse dung, so theyll never

know the difference. Which is why you can buy

really cheap, bitter, horrible ale called Sembian

60

Chapter 2

Odds at some dockside taverns; it really is mixed

odds and ends from barrels, which is fine be-

cause it is identified as such.

No direct taxes are assessed on the sale of

ale, wine, and spirits to patrons in a tavern, but

the businesses that produce such drinkables are

taxed, both as businesses and at 1 cp per bar-

rel (up to 1 sp for the largest tuns, so making the

barrel larger doesnt allow a brewer to escape the

Crowns take). Small beer made at home is never

taxed, and local brews are never taxed if they are

drunk only by the brewers or their neighbors.

However, if drink is ever put into a barrel and

transported elsewhere (outside town, as opposed

to one street over in the same municipality), the

barrel tax applies.

In Arabel, Marsember, and Suzail, all produc-

ers of strong drink, such as alcoholic beverages,

physics, and cordials (medicines) are taxed,

except for what family and table guests consume

in their own houses. Individuals who try to evade

this tax by running taverns or drinking clubs in

their homes get swift visits from the Desk of Jus-

tice, the tax collectors, the Watch, and everyone

else. This attention includes War Wizards mind-

reading them to determine their true intent and

the extent of their activities, because theres an

ever-present wary watch for smuggling. They

will be taxed as businesses or hassled out of such

behavior back to serving just themselves, family

members, and a handful of dinner guests.

SENTENCING THE

GUILTY

Even where clearly codified laws exist, sentences

are generally at the discretion of the ruler. For in-

stance, the king can let a guilty party go free, or

allow the individual to perform some task rather

than enduring the usual punishment. Likewise,

the king can decide that nobles, rather than being

flogged and imprisoned, must pay huge fines.

As a rule, no place that thrives on trade (such

as Waterdeep, Scornubel, or Athkatla) will dare

allow open bribery or flawed justice. Any rig-

ging of results must be done behind the scenes

rather than in public. For instance, you could

avoid someones being brought to trial, or ar-

range a prisoner escape. Also, places that survive

on trade almost always have clearly codified laws,

separate-from-the-authorities judges (such as

the Magisters of Waterdeep), and arrangements

to let guilds partially punish their own members

(lessening the court sentence in return for guild

sanctions). A common belief that visiting mer-

chants will be treated equally to residents and

citizens must be fostered and maintained . . . or

the merchants will stop coming.

In many places, magisters or their equivalents,

guilds, and priests all have the right to call on the

aid of spells to determine truth and falsehood,

though who pays for this service varies widely

from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. In most places,

royalty and nobility have rights or privileges oth-

ers in the society dont have.

Trial by combat is rarely allowed in trade

reigns places, but might occur in places of rural

rough justice or in communities dominated by a

faith that allows such activity, such as in a hamlet

around a temple. In Sembia and some other civi-

lized places, battle between hired championsor

even personal duelingis often a public enter-

tainment used in cases when a noble feels slighted

by another noble, or when a young woman of

high birth who hasnt yet wed is accused of being

of less than good character, and wants to refute

the slur.

Most places in the Realms have nothing resem-

bling real-world libel and slander laws. Also, aside

from prohibitions against copying or counterfeit-

ing the words of royalty or nobility, or the decrees

of magisters or guildmasters, nothing really ap-

proaching modern real-world copyright law exists

in the Realms.

The Realms does not have lawyers, robed and

wigged or otherwise. There are some advocates,

paid orators who will speak in court (always in

the presence of an accused, not appearing in their

stead) and who might know something of the law

and can give advice to an accused. Some advo-

cates are real performers who mimic the voices

of people, act out scenes, tell jokes, and engage

in furious debate in courtwhich, being great

entertainment, is seldom cut short even by angry

judges or rulers, because the commoners like it.

Seized Goods

In actual practice, rulers or their officials have

almost complete discretion over what happens

to items found in the possession of an accused.

LAWS AND ORDERS

61

This blanket power is tempered by public

scrutinyusually supported by vigilant local

clergyreinforcing general principles that are

actual law in some places, but merely prevailing

opinion or tradition in others.

These principles include the following

strictures.

 Identifiable stolen items should be freely

returned to their owners, not kept or sold by the

government.

 In peacetime, there should be clear and

tight limits on what authorities can confiscate

as evidence or suspected stolen goods. For ex-

ample, if a thief has been storing stolen goods in

a dockside warehouse used by many individuals,

the authorities have the right to search the entire

building and examine everything, but not to con-

fiscate all contents of the warehouse just because

they believe some of the contents were stolen.

 Magical things need to be thoroughly ex-

amined (and probably kept) by the authorities.

However, local officials have an obligation to

hunt it all out, and when it has been examined,

tell local citizens the whole truth about what

magic was found, where it came from, and what it

was intended for.

 Any hint of undead in a settled area is to be

treated like magic: hunted out, destroyed, and the

whole truth told, locally.

 Law keepers who find and seize anything

should not be allowed to personally keep itoth-

erwise, they would have a strong incentive to

misuse their office for personal gain.

 Contraband should be publicly and

promptly sold by the government, not destroyed

or kept by government officials.

 Any investigation that disrupts the com-

munity (arrests, prolonged questioning, searches,

and seizures of goods, for example) should even-

tually be explained fully to the community.

Authorities have very few justifiable grounds

for not telling citizens anything they ask about

(though the kings will is a justifiable ground).

 Disputes over what happens to property

must be resolved in public, not behind closed

doors.

Some governments are swift to confiscate land,

buildings, and everything owned by certain sorts

of criminals, but in other lands or city-states, such

action would bring swift and strong protest from

the citizenry. Different lands have varying gov-

ernments and likewise differing popular attitudes

regarding the presumption of guilt.

For instance, in Cormyr no ones lands or

buildings can be seized until royal assent has been

given, in the wake of a formal sentence. How-

ever, in Calaunt, Mulmaster, or Westgate, if a

high-ranking official believes someone is guilty,

seizures can occur well before the person has

been triedand some individuals deemed mis-

creants just disappear, never getting a public trial

at all.

In Chessenta until the mid-1320s DR, city rul-

ers customarily arrested persons they disliked,

then, even if they were not charged with crimes,

let them escape with armed agents of the ruler in

hot pursuit. If caught, the person was slain on the

spot. The ruler then took the individuals worldly

goods, leaving the family of the dangerous recre-

ant destitute. If the fleeing recreant successfully

got away (the agents would not pursue beyond the

borders of the citys territory), it was deemed the

will of the gods that the person escape. Although

all of the recreants property was forfeit, the ruler

would ignore him henceforth, rather than sending

more agents after him.

This Chessentan custom faded into dis-

use thanks to the strongest nonviolent force for

change in the civilized Realms, one that speaks

ever more loudly as the years pass: traveling mer-

chants. They publicly expressed their disapproval

of such cruelty, calling it proof that rulers who

engaged in this activity were corrupt and, as the

shipping fleet owner Rarl Tartassan of Arrabar

said, placed no value on the rule of law, and the

keeping of ones bond. Most important, the mer-

chants threatened to stay away from the domains

of such rulers. This resistance was mounted on an

individual basis, not in any united effort. When

several city lords scoffed, claiming that merchants

were such craven slaves to coin that if one chose

not to ship or bring goods to a place, a rival would

inevitably do so, the rejoinder was that a city de-

pending on lone peddlers would fall far behind

others. Surprisingly, so it proved, and the rulers

gave in.

62

Chapter 2

THOSE WHO

ENFORCE

In any society, there is a broad area between

the laws on the rolls and their daily, actual, on-

the-ground enforcement. For instance, Purple

Dragons in dangerous-due-to-monsters-and-brig-

ands rural areas of Cormyr, far from the niceties

of Suzail, are like a lot of rural law enforcers in

the Dales and elsewhere in Faern. They often

throw people in cells overnight to cool them off,

but for all but the most serious crimes, rather

than charge and hold miscreants and send word

for officials to come and try them, theyre quite

apt to scare the offenders and beat them up (with

bare fists), then send them on their way with

growls of Dont come here and try such foolish-

ness again!

Most such rural and small-town law officers

are wily, salt-of-the-earth, cunning (but not nec-

essarily corrupt) veterans who wont easily be

caught in ambushes or duped. They know the

local terrain and hiding places and are aware

of residents who are crooked and might fence

stolen goods. There are no haughty, I-never-get-

my-hands-dirty high-nosed city brightcloaks

among them.

The Watch of Waterdeep

Cities tend to have more polite and disciplined,

but sometimes markedly less effective, law of-

ficers than smaller communities do. Perhaps the

best of these police forces is the famous Watch of

Waterdeep, some details of which follow. These

points can be used as a model for Watch behavior

elsewhere.

Waterdhavian Watch officers always wear

uniforms when on patrol, and carry both weap-

ons and horns with which to summon aid. Aid

is usually in the form of other Watch patrols, but

specific horn calls can summon Watchful Order

magists or soldiers from Waterdeeps small stand-

ing army, the City Guard, as well. (The City

Guard operates much as the Watch does, with

differences and exceptions noted in the following

material.)

Members of the Watch customarily address

male citizens as goodsir, except for persons

they know to be Waterdhavian nobility, whom

they call gentlesir. Every veteran Watch officer

knows at least the top people and the heirs of all

Waterdhavian noble families on sight, plus the

troublemakers. Mixed-gender noble groups are

addressed as gentles.

Commoner women are goodwives unless

young, whereupon they become goodlasses.

Young commoner men are usually called jacks

or my jacks, as in: What befalls? Hold and de-

liver truth, my jacks!

Hold! meaning Freeze, Down arms!

meaning Drop your weapons, and Talk

truth! meaning Answer me are frequent Watch

commands.

When Watchmen address officers of supe-

rior rank, sir is the all-purpose formal form

of address. Sorn is an added term of respect,

somewhere between trusted and worthy in

meaning, and is applied thus: Sorn sir.

Sorn is also used by higher ranks addressing

lower ranks, but instead of sir, its added (or not

added, if the speaker is grumpy or disapproving

or merely bored) before the word trusty.

In most daily situations, when not in front of a

lord or palace official, Watch officers tend to ig-

nore rank formalities when their ranks are similar.

A Watch patrol leader would think something was

wrong, or he was being mocked, if members of

his own patrol started calling him sir or sorn

sir, and so would a senior commander, if officers

one rank lower than him did the same thing. This

is due in part to the practice, almost universal

in the Watch, of carefully being very formal and

polite when you think your superior is making a

mistake, breaking the rules, or just being an ox-

haunch (behaving like a jackass). In other words,

members of the Watch clearly indicate their dis-

approval by tone and excessive formality without

actually saying a single word of disagreement.

Its important to note that the Watch places

far more importance on diligent behavior while

on duty than on matters of etiquette. Theres

little or no discipline (beyond a sharp comment)

for missing a salute or stumbling over another

officers title. The Watch prides itself on being

familyalbeit a gruff, ungentle slap-on-the-

back, mock-ones-fellows familyand not what

one Masked Lord once publicly called the City

Guard: a bunch of sniff-nosed, post-headed

warriors.

LAWS AND ORDERS

63

Watch patrols in the streets of the city are eight

to twelve persons strong. The smaller patrols are

used in North Ward and Sea Ward, whereas Dock

Ward and South Ward patrols are always a dozen

strong. Inside the palace and the City of the

Dead, patrols of pairs and trios are the norm.

Whenever trouble is known or expected, pa-

trols will be enlarged as well as reinforced by

duty Watchful Order magists and volunteering

local priests.

If the Watch is operating in an area that can

be overlooked from a readily accessible publicly

owned vantage point, extra Watch officers will

be stationed on high to watch the movements of

suspects and Watch patrols, directing the Watch

by means of horn blasts and messengers. Good

vantage points include the battlements of Castle

Waterdeep, any wall tower, the balconies of the

palace, the roofs of barracks, and the roofs of the

surprisingly large array of city-owned (and seized

for unpaid taxes, but not yet resold) buildings.

In daylight, griffonback riders of the City Guard

help perform this function if a riot or chase is

developing.

Salutes: Gestures of Respect

The City Guard salutes often, usually with a

raised weapon, but Watchmen seldom do so.

There are some little-used formal and cer-

emonial salutes, but the most common salute

performed by a Waterdhavian Watch officer is

done to indicate respect for someones judgment,

prowess at arms, or bravery. Its accomplished by

drawing to attention, looking at the person to be

honored, and, while doing so, sharply rapping the

hilt of a sheathed weapon (usually a belt dagger)

with one closed fist.

To any of superior rank within the Watch, a

Watchman salutes by tapping his temple smartly

with an upraised, vertical forefinger.

The reply (the salute to an inferior) is identical

if the superior officer desires to convey profound

respect or gratitude. Otherwise, the superior offi-

cer bends both arms at the elbow and holds them

in front of him. The right hand he curls into a

fist. The left he holds flat with the fingers pressed

together, the pinkie side facing downward, in

what we might call a karate chop. Then he takes

his right fist and lowers it to strike the fingers of

his left hand gently. The fist touches just once,

bouncing off the fingers.

In sharp contrast, members of the City Guard

of Waterdeep, militia, and hired mercenaries for-

mally fighting for the city salute all the time. This

act is typically done by raising an upright, vertical

sword toward the person being saluted. Another

common salute, almost always used when ad-

dressing officers of superior rank, is executed by

touching the fist gripping the sword to ones fore-

head, then moving it outward a few inches toward

the person being saluted.

This movement also serves as a covert salute

between Watchmen, used in an exaggerated,

not-trying-to-hide way by officers who are not

certain of the rank of the person theyre salut-

ing. This salute starts with ones right hand held

at belt level, with the palm facing ones stomach

and the fingers pointed toward the belt buckle.

The heel of the hand should touch the belt. Then,

the fingers come together and tap the belt once,

as if patting ones own belly. If this gesture is im-

mediately followed by a move to scratch ones own

left shoulder, its really a covert signal that means

Hi, there! Ive got trouble, big trouble, and need

you to stay and confer with me. Contrive to get

close to me in some unobtrusive manner, so we

can talk. If the scratching is at waist level rather

than on the left shoulder, it means Get out of

here right now, but dont make an obvious exit.

Ill catch up to you and explain.

Salary and Other Benefits

The Watch gives a soldier 25 gp upon joining,

plus a free uniform, a pair of boots, training, and

one weapon. If a member of the Watch is dis-

missed without completing training, everything

must be returned except for 12 gp.

After a soldier is mustered in, free room and

board is assigned to him or her at a Watch bar-

racks. This benefit includes a bunk, a small beer,

simple meal fare, bath access, and weapon oil.

This room and board need not be acceptedand

it can be taken on a casual feel like it tonight

basis. In addition, members of the Watch get 1 gp

per day, whether they are on active duty or not,

plus 4 sp per patrol. The day is divided into three

slightly overlapping shifts, and normally each

Watch member is responsible for only one shift

per day. Officers receive the same 1 gp a day, but

64

Chapter 2

they also take in 5 sp, 7 sp, or 1 gp per patrol, de-

pending on rank.

A replacement uniform, replacement boots,

and an additional weapon are given to each

member of the Watch once per year. All other

uniforms, boots, and weapons must be paid for

out of ones salary. Additional weapons and gear

are often issued free of charge out of the armory

for use during patrols, but this gear and weaponry

must be returned or replaced.

Conduct and Misconduct

Watch members found guilty of crimes or mis-

behavior are often fined by the Watch as well as

punished under law. Dismissal and imprison-

ment apply to the most egregious offenses. On the

other extreme, distinguished service often earns

handsome retirement bonuses from the Lords,

sometimes even including pieces of outlying land

or an in-city building.

Uniforms, Old and New

Both the Guard and the Watch have worn a

variety of uniforms over the years, and senior

members who desire to wear their older uniforms

are usually allowed to do so, even if the garb is of

a different style. Thus, several uniforms can be in

use at the same time, in the same patrol.

Since the mid-1300s DR onward, the City

Guards dress uniform has been silver plate armor

with black cloaks and boots, silver helms, and

breastplates decorated with the arms of Water-

deep. Above the arms is a horizontal row of small

right-hand gauntlets, fingers pointed upward.

These gauntlets denote rank: one for trusty, two

for vigilant, and so on. A long gauntlet clutching a

drawn sword is used for ranks of commander and

higher.

The Watch wears a suit of chainmail with a

blue surcoat emblazed with a simplified version

of the crescent moon reflected in the water

arms of Waterdeep on the breast and backa

crest more commonly known as the double moon.

Members additionally wear helms, armored

boots, leather weapon belts and baldrics, and

leather gauntlets. If heavy fighting is expected,

they might borrow City Guard plate mail, but

they would never wear never their black cloaks

along with it. Occasionally Watch lads or lasses

will be sent undercover. In these cases, they will

wear plain, well-worn leather armor (jacks),

leather boots, and leather breeches of a variety of

hues (and usually mismatched).

In a barracks, one might see a member of

the Watch in undress uniform. This consists

of a grayweave (cotton, dyed gray) tunic that

extends to the wrists, ankle-length grayweave

breeches, and a white surcoat emblazoned on the

breast with a gray, right-hand gauntlet with the

fingers pointed up and the arms of Waterdeep

stitched in black on the palm.

The Tantran Watch

In contrast to the bare-faced, recognizable

trusties of the Waterdhavian Watch is the cudgel-

wielding Watch of the Dragon Reach port city of

Tantras. The Tantran Watch is typical of city law

enforcers around the Sea of Fallen Stars (with the

exception of Cormyr, Sembia, and Aglarond).

The Tantran Watch works masked. This tactic

helps keep the identities of the Watchmen secret,

which in turn helps prevent reprisals and attempts

to influence them. The Tantran Watch mounts

frequent street, dockside, and tavern patrols to

keep order, arresting persons who draw steel,

wound others, or start fires, and ejecting the un-

ruly from taverns and clubs onto the street.

Tantran Watch patrols are a dozen strong, and

use noisy three-rattling-brass-cup alarm gongs

they carry on their belts to summon reinforce-

ments. In peacetime, when theres no known peril

inside the city or outside the walls (such as rival

ships crews both in port at the same time, lots

of traders cramming the city, orgasp!adven-

turers passing through), minimal patrols apply.

These are scaled up in frequency and strength if

murders or thefts-and-chases occur, gongs are

rung, or known perils are present.

There are seven Watch barracks around the

city: a central citadel (which consists of the ar-

mory, the jail, and the courthouse) and six smaller

posts, which each have jail cells, a ready room,

and a tiny armory. From these bases, the twelve-

member Watch patrols pass along the main streets

and make the inside-the-walls walk about once

an hour, twice an hour at dawn and dusk. In ad-

dition, two roaming patrols take varying routes

through alleys and side streets during the dark

hours, moving right across the city. Patrols carry

shuttered lanterns, cudgels, grappling hooks and

LAWS AND ORDERS

65

lines (mainly used for fishing drunks out of the

harbor before they drown), capture nets, and

manacles. Theyve been known to shackle miscre-

ants to handy hitching rings and leave them there

while pursuing other suspects.

All dockside streets and red-lantern areas re-

ceive heavy patrols, as do the lanes around certain

warehouses (to prevent thefts, arson, and smug-

gling). Heavy patrolling means that patrols go by

about every ten minutes, at irregular intervals.

Taverns and inns receive almost as much atten-

tion (about once every fifteen to twenty minutes).

Temples are policed only lightly by the Tantran

Watch, because clergy are assumed to have do-

minion over their own grounds and buildings.

Temple Guards

If a temple anywhere in the Realms is large or

grand enough, its guards might well be com-

manded by a paladin. Priests of most churches

can call on paladins to render appropriate-to-the-

faith military aid whenever the need arises; as a

general rule, however, paladins work out in the

world to defend believers and further the faith.

Few of them do guard duty in a temple, except on

special occasions such as particular holy rites, or

presiding over the choosing of a new high priest in

controversial circumstances. Most temple guards

are accomplished or at least disciplined warriors

who devoutly believe in their deity, and who are

closely supervised by priests of the temple. They

might be trained and occasionally tested by pala-

dins and might possess unusual skills.

Most temples have a few novice guards, too.

These are commonly less accomplished indi-

viduals who have more enthusiasm than skill.

Adventurers be warned: Only in tavern tales are

clergy foolish enough to let such novices guard

anything without veteran guards working along-

side them and commanding them.

Quite a few temples have war dogs or beasts as-

sociated with their deity as trained or wild but

penned into an area intruders are forced or lured

into guardians. Moreover, the storage vaults of

some faiths feature deliberately created undead

sentinels.

Lighting Keeps the Peace

Crime is greatly reduced by good illumination at

night in cities across the Realms. Suzail, the capi-

tal of Cormyr, is typical of most Heartlands cities

in this respect. Its streets are lit by oil lamps,

candle lamps, and a few abandoned, experimen-

tal lit candles floating in oil hybrids. All of its

lamps are set in metal cages and look like the larg-

est coach lamps from the fog-bound London of

Sherlock Holmes and Jack the Ripper. The lamps

are most often mounted on the walls of stone

buildings in black, cast-iron brackets; they are lit

when the sun sinks low enough that the western

arc of the city wall casts shadows across the near-

est streets.

The coverage of their illumination is very good

along the Promenade and in the area north of the

Promenade and west of the palace complex (the

neighborhood of most nobles and the wealthi-

est citizens). There, the lamps are almost all on

free-standing metal poles about twice the height

of a large covered coach. These are still known lo-

cally as posts even though the tree trunks they

were formerly fashioned from fell out of use in the

1270s DR.

Street lighting is fairly good down the east

wall, where the barracks are, and along the docks.

The illumination in this area enables Suzails port

to work at nightas it does when trade activity

warrants, which is most of the time. On the other

hand, street lighting is sparse in the central heart

of the city where only some major streets are lit,

and the taverns and clubs tend to have door lamps

(theres not much else open and lit in the dark

hours). In the slums and poor neighborhoods, the

lighting is near nonexistent, lending the western

part of the city the name Darkstreets.

Businesses fuel and light their own lamps,

leading to lanterns of all sorts mounted in a great

variety of ways on walls (which must always be

stone, by Suzails civic laws). Most are on pulleys

and chains so they can be drawn up to a window

(by means of a long metal hook mounted on a

wooden pole) for filling and lighting. The trick is

that they must be gently let go again, not left to

fall and swing, to prevent them from smashing

against the building wall on the backswing. Other

lanterns are filled and lit by being unhooked and

pulled down to ground level with hooked poles,

and a very few are lowered to the ground by way

66

Chapter 2

of pulleys and chains (in areas where recurring

vandalism has occurred).

The inner wall lamps, Promenade lamps,

nobles district lamps, port lamps, and barracks

lamps are lit by hired lamplighters employed

solely for that purpose and overseen by Crown

officials. These officials are minor courtiers nu-

merous enough to form lighting crews if the

hirelings fall ill, quit, or are too scared to light

lamps in particular locations. The Crown pays for

the fuel, lamp repairs, and replacement lamps as

required.

These lamps are all of the sort you pull down

with hooked poles, and they are all secured with

safety chains rigged in opposition to each other so

they cant blow down from their hooks. In daily

practice these Crown lamps are almost always

left where they hang and filled directly by work-

ers standing on platforms built atop tall wagons.

These wagons are locked away in sheds when not

in use to prevent thieves from making dark uses

of them at night. However, if the proper one-day

Crown permits are purchased, private citizens can

rent the wagons for roofing repairs, sign-hanging,

and other tasks not related to lamplighting.

Many Suzailan private residences have a lamp

in a window, on the inside sill, so its light shines

forth into the street below. These are often used

as signals, such as private merchants indicating to

customers that theyre home and open for busi-

ness, family members telling each other dinner

is ready, and a myriad of personal messages of

other sorts.

PACTS AND

ALLIANCES

Common folk across the Realms are vaguely

aware of the formal treaties and pacts between

nearby lands and city-states, and slightly more

aware of the blood ties forged by marriages

among nobility, rulers, and wealthy and powerful

families. They know the traditional alliances and

hatreds.

For instance, it is widely known that theres

no love lost between Cormyr and Sembia, or

between Cormyr and Westgate, but that Cor-

myr has always allied with any of the Dales that

wanted such friendly relations. It is also known

that Archendale has never wanted Cormyrs

friendship, Scardale recently repudiated Cormyr,

and Harrowdale and Featherdale have increas-

ingly slid under Sembian sway and become cooler

to Cormyrean offers and embassies. Also, it is

widely thought that Cormyrs overtures to the

Dales are meant to keep Sembia from swallowing

all the land between the Thunder Peaks and the

Dragon Reach, and thereby controlling eastward

overland trade.

General truths aside, in any open conflict

commoners are often surprised at the alliances

and agreements their rulers makesometimes

breaking with tradition, making foes into allies

or at least neutral parties, and rebuffing friendly

realms, and complicating everything.

The wealthy and powerful, who have trading

partners, kin, agents, and spies in distant places

whom they can afford to communicate with often,

have always known more of trends and forth-

coming policies than the everyday shopkeeper or

farmer. However, the steady increase in reach,

wealth, and traveling of merchants over the last

five centuries has elevated some heads of caravan

costers and guildmasters to the level of the nobil-

ity in terms of influence and awareness.

There have always been dynastic families

seeking to hold onto thrones, and there have al-

ways been rivals seeking to supplant them. For

example, in Cormyr, the Obarskyrs have been

challenged for centuries by the Bleths, the Cor-

maerils, and others. Cormyr has one of the very

few ruling families that have clung to power in a

nigh-unbroken line; most lands in Faern have

suffered usurpers and heirs-in-waiting vying with

rebels and rival claimantsboth real and false

for the throne.

There are also very wealthy, sophisticated,

highly educated families, such as the Moareldril

in Amn, and the Cathmalar in Tethyr, who have

never wanted a throne or to stand behind one.

These families have always preferred to keep a

much lower public profile and manipulate rul-

ers from the distant shadows, to their own great

benefit.

Inevitably, those who desire to exploit or ma-

nipulate humanity to their own benefitnotably

doppelgangers, illithids, and beholdershave

covertly sought out such families. An incursion

starts with the monsters seeking to ally with the

corrupt families, and ends with them slowly tak-

ing control of the families, making them their

LAWS AND ORDERS

67

human agents just as the families themselves use

others as their own human agents.

There are almost always layers upon layers,

and intrigues within intrigues. As Piergeiron of

Waterdeep once said, Matters of rulership in

the Realms are never simple. If ever you think

they are, theres something youve missed. Look

behind you quickly, and if no daggers coming at

you, turn back and look again. Harder.

Adventurers are often used as the extended

arms of those who want to reach over the line of

law or treaty and do something a pact or contin-

ued good relations constrains them from doing.

At the same time, it behooves wise adventurers to

know key details of pacts and alliances relevant in

the territory in which theyre adventuring.

For example, the Lords Alliance has come

to trade agreements with every land along the

Sword Coast trade roads to let caravans travel

those roads without hindrance. Which means a

caravan under attack from brigands or outlaws

can expect armed law keepers to ride to their aid,

and caravan masters can expect border searches

and even confiscations or arrests if certain things

are found. Caravan masters can also expect that

borders will not be closed arbitrarily, and that

favoritism will not be shown to wayfarers of one

land or coster or faith over another. Law keepers

are pledged to help merchants get their beasts and

conveyances through a territory unscathed, and

they are not allowed to damage or seize (as op-

posed to detain for investigation) such property.

For instance, even if locals are angry about or

frightened of a wagon that has heavily armed or

armored half-orc guards, law keepers are to keep

the peace, not themselves burn the wagon and

fight with the half-orcsas often happened as re-

cently as the 1200s DR, in Amn and Tethyr.

These agreements are collectively known as

the Hand of the Open Road, and merchants are

quick to notify innkeepers, tavern masters, local

law keepers, and soldiers of the Hand of the Open

Road if they think they are being mistreated.

Quick-thinking adventurers who get themselves

hired as caravan guards, or acquire a wagon and

portray themselves as merchants, can call upon

law keepers in the name of the Hand of the Open

Road, too.

Merchants engage in some speculative forays

entirely because ones guildmaster (or simply a

friendly guildmaster) has come to an agreement

with a guildmaster at a shipments destination.

On the other hand, merchants should beware of

covert agreements between guildmasters to shut

out, underbid, or refuse to buy certain wares,

a tactic often used to try to keep independent

traders away from a lucrative market. Adventur-

ers frequently find themselves hired to represent

merchants when such trouble is suspectedso

that it will be their necks, and not the merchants,

if swords sing out or daggers are thrust in dark

alleys.

All rulers twist the intent of pacts and alliances

to their advantage if they see more benefit than

loss in doing so, but they rarely out-and-out break

such agreements unless desperate. Such despera-

tion might be the result of an orc horde coming,

the mountains suddenly erupting, or something

equally realm-shaking.

Some rulers, notably Alustriel in Silverymoon

and later the Silver Marches, Piergeiron in Wa-

terdeep, and Azoun IV (and Vangerdahast and

Alusair the Silver Regent) in Cormyr, have long

memories and cold dealings for rulers who break

pacts. Which is why Calaunt, Hillsfar, Mulmas-

ter, and Zhentil Keep were isolated for so much of

the 1300s DR. They broke pacts, so no one would

trust them, leaving them on their ownat least

until their rulers died or were replaced, and those

successors reached out with fresh offers, prom-

ises, and reparations.

Its important to bear in mind that most rul-

ers and other powerful folk like to drink their

tankard and see it still full. As such, many covert

trading deals and ongoing relationships break

pacts, with everyone involved turning a blind

eye. For instance, most Calishite satraps have

renounced slavery so as to deal with Athkatla,

Baldurs Gate, and Waterdeep, all of which of-

ficially refuse to trade with slavers and those who

harbor slavers. However, almost all of those same

satraps sell persons who cross them into slavery

and trade in slaves through so-called outlaws

whom they bankroll. To avoid having Calim-

shan erupt in civil war and establish feuds that

could last for centuries, satraps who find them-

selves in fierce disagreement with each other fight

duels by pitting their staff adventurers against

each other.

Most successful merchants know about such

deviationsor survive learning about them the

hard way. Traders daily worry about the shadowy

68

Chapter 2

web of far smaller but more numerous pacts: the

quiet agreements that have been reached between

various small local cabals and independent mer-

chants and larger, regional cabals. These pacts

run along the lines of No one shall bid on the

ferry contract for the Dawndeeping Stream ex-

cept a merchant of the Blue Stone or Where

offers are substantially the same, House Hardusk-

ing will prevail over House Rathrune, to use two

west-country Sembian examples.

Crown Agents

Every ruler has formal envoys and ambassadors

who travel the Realms constantly, engaging in

formal diplomacy. Almost all rulers also have un-

official representatives, investigators and trouble

fixers who do the daily (and nightly) dirty work

to keep the ruler on the throne.

Every city-state or ruler employs more than

just outside-the-law hired agents such as outland

adventuring gangs, dupes, scapegoats, and armed

heavies. They also employ ongoing, loyal se-

cret agents who investigate murders, conspiracies,

crimes, and incipient treason. The Highknights

and the War Wizards of Cormyr are famous ex-

amples, but even as small a place as the way-town

of Tagarath has its secret agents.

Tagarath stands on the trade road between Ri-

atavin and the Vilhon, right where the road fords

the Shining Stream, and is too small to appear on

most maps. Tagarath has a crownar (mayor); a

council made up of the eight most powerful local

merchants; and a police force, the Riders, who pa-

trol the town and its environs and jail drunkards

and those who do violence. Yet it also has seven

elderly retired local women who seemingly sit

and do nothing all day but are actually the paid

watchers of (spies for) the crownar.

Crownar Orth Haelen is old, fat, and infirm,

and for the past decade, his daughter Alaya has

seen to the daily running of Tagarath. Alaya is

both cynical and a keen observer of the world,

and long ago she decided to put her three boy-

friends and two younger sisters on the public

purse as the hand behind her back. They regu-

larly slay Zhents or other agents who try to linger

in Tagarath, peer into what merchants who stop

over are carrying, steal (or steal back) items when

it becomes necessary, eliminate doppelgangers

and other sinister threats to the local population,

spy on potential Rider recruits to learn their true

character, and deal with adventurersto make

sure those who think they can easily overwhelm

the Riders and rule by the sword think again.

Tagarath and many other places in the Realms

have tax spies and tax collectors, the first of which

peek and the second of which come to collect, ac-

companied by trained war dogs for defense and

for catching those who prefer fleeing to paying.

The War Wizards of Cormyr

The Forest Kingdom is famousand widely

fearedfor its state force of wizards, which de-

fends and informs the Dragon Throne. The War

Wizards are the ultimate not-secret police, a

self-governing force that spies on everyone in

Cormyr, from the Obarskyrs to night-soil carters,

to try to uncover threats to the throne before they

truly imperil the stability of the kingdom.

Cormyr is thought of by many in the Realms as

a shining bulwark of peaceful, law-abiding pros-

perity. It certainly strives to be, but behind the

bright exterior of green forests, verdant farms,

fluttering banners, and Purple Dragons in shin-

ing armor are dark and ever-present threats.

Arabel and Marsember are both conquered cities

that frequently stir into near rebellion, and nobles

all over Cormyr test the authority of the ruling

Obarskyrs all the time.

Without the Wizards of Warand an ener-

getic, wise, strong-willed person at their head, like

VangerdahastCormyr would have been plunged

into civil war scores of times, or (in the words of

the sage Alaphondar) leaped into civil strife with

savage eagerness, and never left that bloody state

until no one was left who could stand and swing a

sword.

In Cormyr, nobles personally swear loyalty

to both the sovereign when they come of age, by

name, and in the presence of the monarch and the

Crown, pledging their persons to the defense of

the realm. Purple Dragons, lesser courtiers, and

minor officials of the realm swear to the Crown

and the Dragon Throne before no less than three

ranking courtiers and the Royal Magician, or a

member of the Obarskyrs plus a court sage. In

time of war, battlefield oaths are acceptable be-

fore three serving Purple Dragons and a Purple

Dragon officer of the rank of ornrion or higher.

Oaths are sworn when entering service, and might

LAWS AND ORDERS

69

be redemanded (reconfirmed) at any time, at

the pleasure of the monarch or regent.

Highknights and courtiers of rank take per-

sonal oaths to the sovereign in the presence of

the sovereign; a priest of the swearers primary

faith; the Royal Magician; another member of

the Obarskyr family; or failing that, two persons

of royal noble families, a court sage, and a court

scribe.

All of these oaths are renewed when a new sov-

ereign or regent takes the Dragon Throne. War

Wizards swear before the Mage Royal, one War

Wizard, and a court scribe or a member of the

Obarskyr family. However, they can swear before

the second-in-command of the War Wizards,

three other War Wizards of at least twelve seasons

of service, and a court scribe. When the Mage

Royal and the Court Wizard are separate persons,

either will suffice. In the event that both offices

are vacant, any nine long-service War Wizards

so long as either one of the two highest-ranking

surviving War Wizards is includedcan receive

the oath of loyalty.

This oath of loyalty is informally and univer-

sally known as the Handflame, because someone

accepting the oath before the court often con-

jures up illusory flame around his or her hands

for dramatic effect, transferring it briefly to the

swearers hands as the accepter clasps the hands

of the swearer. This formality is usually dispensed

with in private. A War Wizards oath is taken only

once. Dismissal from the organization, for rea-

sons of age, ill health, loss of desire to serve, or

unfitting conduct, is referred to as release from

the oath. The Handflame is always spoken from

memory, not recited by the accepter or a prompter

and repeated by the swearer. Its words are as

follows.

I, [insert full formal name, without titles but in-

cluding all given used names and aliases, and

truenames if the oath is taken in private], give my

service unfailingly loyal to the Mage Royal of Cormyr,

in full obedience of speech and action, that peace and

order shall prevail in the Forest Kingdom, that magic

of mine own and others be used and not misused. I do

this in trust that the Mage Royal shall unswervingly

serve the throne of Cormyr, and if the Mage Royal

fall, or fail the Crown and Throne, my obedience shall

be to the sovereign directly. Whenever there is doubt

and dispute, I shall act to preserve Cormyr. Sunrise

and moonfall, so long as my breath takes and my

eyes see, I serve Cormyr. I give my life that the realm

endure.

All personal oaths and many noble oaths of Cor-

myr include variant flowery language, if approved

beforehand by both independent heralds and the

accepters, and theres no reason why War Wizard

oaths cannot also have embellishments, as long as

this core is retained. In one instance, a War Wiz-

ard was recruited quite informally: Vangerdahast

said, Well enough, I accept your service. Swear

to serve? and received a response of Uh, yes.

Whereupon Vangerdahast replied, Right, youre

in. Now, I order you to . . .

Most Wizards of War would privately agree

that no one really leaves the organization except

by dying. There is rarely true retirement, but

rather reassignment to do sedentary spying work

or magical maintenance work. The force is the

envy of many lands, and has survived in part be-

cause of the covert support of Mystra.

THE SECRET HISTORY

OF THE ZHENTARIM

The driving force behind the founding of the

Zhentarim was the wizard Manshoon, whose

thirst for power, domination, and rulership al-

most matched the hunger of the beholders for

the same.

Manshoon began his quest for power by back-

ing up his older, louder, far less subtle older

brother, the warrior Asmuth. Foreseeing a long,

bloody, and probably losing battle if Asmuth tried

to violently forge the strongest faction among

many in Zhentil Keep, Manshoon decided on an-

other road.

While he and his brother allied with Lord

Chess and through that individual sought the

loyalties of many lords and wealthy rising mer-

chants of Zhentil Keep, Manshoon privately met

and made common cause with the beholders who

had come to dominate the local church of Bane.

The beholders promised him that if he and the

magelings (young, ambitious wizards whom

Manshoon commanded) helped the beholders

wrest the Banites away from the nominal head

of the church, the decadent High Imperceptor,

the Banites would join the Zhentarim and win

70

Chapter 2

The first flowchart outlining the ever-changing hierarchy of the Zhentarim. This simplified outline was current as the Year of the Prince be-

gan; four months later, it was woefully out of date. The Knights of Myth Drannor often never knew that a foe they had taken down was a

Zhent spy. Manshoon kept the ranks in flux by challenging magelings (ambitious young wizards) to prove themselves by slaying Elminster

or completing similarly deadly tasks. Fzoul and the beholders did their own prunings. So I redrafted this chart often. Secretly, of course.

LAWS AND ORDERS

71

Manshoon the lordship of Zhentil Keep. To ac-

complish this, Manshoon and his magelings were

to personally pledge fealty to the god Bane, and

promise the Lord of Tyrants that he would trans-

form the faith into a far greater power than it had

waned into under the High Imperceptor.

Manshoon would get the title and the power

he craved, and the beholders would get the power

theyd ached to wield for so long. The beholders

would dominate not just a priesthood, but also the

most powerful city-state of the Inner Sea North

and a rich mining power that would be swiftly

built into a military juggernaut able to defeat any

foe in the fieldor so Manshoon promised.

Secretly, Manshoon didnt want the cares and

pressures of ruling an expanding empire. Ambi-

tious rivals such as Fzoul or the beholders could

take over, and Manshoon could skillfully ma-

nipulate them into believing they had duped and

bested him to do so. He would even serve some-

one who rose past him, so long as he got ample

opportunity to pursue his most cherished dream.

More than aught else, Manshoon desired to

increase his personal magical might so he could

dominate wizards and sorcerers. He considered

mighty wielders of the Art as superior beings to

the common cattle of humanity. To rule them

is to rule the bestand thus to be the best. Man-

shoon wanted to achieve a life of relative ease and

luxury, to spend his time crafting ever stronger

spells, and so make himself the greatest, most

famous wizard ever. To do that, he would need

great wealth to afford all he wanted for spell

crafting. He preferred not to suffer the endless

interruptions and perils of hiring out his magic to

others to raise fundsin such pursuits he would

come into frequent contact with adventurers and

mercenaries who might kill him, steal from him,

or gain a hold over him.

Enter the central goal he set for the Zhentarim

wizards: to establish the shortest trade route link-

ing the Moonsea with the rich markets of the

Sword Coast lands. Finding and controlling bet-

ter trade routes than those of all his rivals would

become the daily work of his magelings, as he set

them tasks that would test them, weed out the

fools and the undisciplined, and force them into

rivalries that would keep them at each others

throats rather than plotting against him.

With the aid of his notorious stasis clones

at least a dozen of which still survive, scattered

72

Chapter 2

across other worlds and dimensionsManshoon

intended to outlast those foes he couldnt outwit

or destroy. To guard against Mystra and Azuth

foiling his ambitions with their dictates, Man-

shoon sought the personal patronage of Bane, and

won it.

Though his fortunes have risen and fallen with

Banes, ever since, the two have aided each other

effectively. Banes return was rooted in creatures

readied by Manshoons magic. In gratitudeand

from a desire to maintain one of his most useful

mortal pawnsBane has rescued Manshoon time

and time again.

There are many accurate accounts of Man-

shoons angry, fearful, or reckless behaviorbut

all those from the later 1400s DR are due to the

insanity aroused in Manshoon clones when mul-

tiple are awake and active at the same time. What

some sages have called the Manshoon Wars did

not span just the few wild years most believe to

be the case, but lasted for more than a century.

During this entire time, a Manshoon clone ruled

the city of Westgate and headed the Night Masks

as Orbakh the vampire, and other Manshoon

clones were on the loose elsewhere in Faern

every last one of them less than sane, and acting

accordingly.

Manshoons earliest and least powerful sur-

viving clones are more dangerous than his later,

more magically accomplished selves. This is true

because the early clones retain more of his calm,

cold calculation, his freedom from loving or hold-

ing anyone in friendship, his clearest and most

ruthless thinking . . . and his fiercest ambition.

The older Manshoon was increasingly tempered

by life, as his most hated rivals Szass Tam, Khel-

ben Blackstaff Arunsun, and Elminster Aumar

all were. He was mellowing, and starting to feel

and pursue other interests aside from the drive

for ever more powerful Art and the acquisition of

wealth necessary to get that mightier magic.

At least one of his early clones foresaw the mess

of the Manshoon Wars and hid himself very well,

returning to stasis enclosed within multiple ward

spells so as to survive the fray. That clone still

sleeps in hiding, and will emerge after all other

Manshoons have fallen.

Imposing might be the most genteel way to characterize the air given off by a band of Zhentarim agents, though they might themselves

prefer an expression with more of a fear-inducing connotationsuch as, for instance, cold to the core.

Seeking the Best Routes

Getting rich by control of that shorter, cheaper,

faster, and all ours trade route betwixt the Sword

Coast and the mineral wealth of the Moonsea

is what the Zhentarim were originally all about.

At least, thats what they were all about once

Manshoon consolidated his political hold over

Zhentil Keep.

Hence their creation of what some call the

Black Road, a route up the valley of the Tesh from

Zhentil Keep and across the perilous desert of

Anauroch.

If the Zhentarim suffer the loss of one end of

their cherished route, their first reactionso as

not to stop the flow of trade, and therefore in-

comeis to change the route. In the long run,

they would seek to reestablish the best route,

since alternative routes are longer, slower, and

more expensive.

The worst fallback routewhich they use

for a trickle of goods to keep the path open, just

R

O

N

N

O

C



O

M

A

I

L

L

I

W

in case, is through Tilvers Gap and the Stone-

lands. For this passage to handle the full traffic

the Zhents want to move, the Brotherhood would

have to establish dozens of legitimate costers

to perform carriage through the Dales, and

strengthen Darkhold to better defend the western

end, bringing caravans onto existing roads at vari-

ous points near Corm Orp.

Two more desirable alternatives both begin

at the Citadel of the Raven and require hewing

a safe route through the Border Forest to reach

Anauroch. From there, the Zhents would spend

a lot of coin sending caravans carrying only fire-

wood, food, and water out into the desert to

dump at specific sites before returning. In this

manner, they would establish a series of water

and warmth way stops across the frigid desert.

Thanks to the cold, spell-controlled roth (or, as

a less desirable alternative, caribou) would be the

beasts of burden instead of horses, because breed-

ing enough sled dogs or training wolves would

take too long.

LAWS AND ORDERS

73

A wise Zhent commander would run the route

along those three isolated peaks, Azirrhat being

the most easterly, and use the heights as navi-

gational aids and signal beacons. This icy route

would damage some trade goods, and could reach

the western edge of Anauroch at either end of the

Far Forest. Which end of the Far Forest is cho-

sen would depend on how fiercely Llorkh is held

against the Zhents. The river Delimbiyr would

be their first choice to continue onward, since it

would allow them to use their existing agents in

Loudwater and elsewhere who represent the west-

ern end of their present route.

If they cant use the Delimbiyr, then they

would have to travel the harder way: west across

the headwaters of the Delimbiyr and along the

southern edge of the Nether Mountains to the

valley of the Rauvin, and down through the Silver

Marches.

The best Zhent strategy would be to establish

all of these routes, but heavily use only the one

that proves to have the lowest losses of men and

cargo, turning to the others if the prime route is

threatened by rivals or blocked by some natural

occurrence.

While Manshoon was in charge, the Zhents

did just that. Later, under Fzoul Chembryl, the

Zhents started to try to accomplish all sorts of

things at once, and although they seemed every-

where and more powerful, they became far less

effective at actually finishing anything they set

out to do.

Increasingly, as time passed, personal ambition

on the part of most Zhents led to infighting that

was likely to flare into open brawling whenever

failure was perceived.

Zhent Battle Tactics

In the field, Zhent forces in the mid 1300s DR

were commanded in many different ways as

various commanderssome far from compe-

tentsought to impress their superiors or just win

the day dramatically, by trying new maneuvers.

So aside from obvious responses, such as rushing

to contain intruders or trying to surround foes, an

adventuring band encountering Zhents would sel-

dom see the same tactics twice.

Mounted Zhent road patrols near Voonlar or

Ylash set out with at least twenty Zhentilar war-

riors, sometimes accompanied by up to four raw

recruits, learning on the job. These warriors were

commanded by a priest, who was sometimes ac-

companied by an underling, and a wizard of lesser

stature than the priest who sometimes had an ap-

prentice along. If neither the priest nor the wizard

had a lackey, they were instead accompanied by at

least one mounted crossbowman of skill.

Priests on missionseither in Zhentil Keep,

another Zhent-dominated urban setting, or out

in the countrysidetraveled in groups of five or

six, along with their errand runners and whatever

number of Zhentilar fighters the priests deemed

necessary for their own safety. In determining the

strength of their guard, they tended to be more

cowardly than bold.

When sallying forth into known battle rather

than patrolling, Zhent forces were smaller than

three patrols combined. These Zhentilar troops

were composed mainly of fighters and bolstered

by a handful of magelings, each of whom was ac-

companied by at least one personal bodyguard

from among veteran Zhentilar crossbowmen.

Priests of Bane magically observed from a safe

distance, guarded by their own (stronger than the

wizards) bodyguards, and with defensive spells

prepared. Their task was to observe and report

back, fighting only to win free of enemies.

If the foe is deemed formidable, such as veteran

adventurers would be, a snake force was also

deployed. This group was composed of a trio or

a quintet of experienced Zhentarim wizards with

full battle-spells ready, usually accompanied by

a few magically controlled monsters. This force

waited in concealmentmagical or naturaluntil

it was magically directed from afar by the force

commander to emerge and attack the enemy from

behind once the foe was engaged with the Zhenti-

lar troops.

The magelings accompanying the Zhent

warriors could use any sort of spell, including

experimental disasters. They hurled their magic

recklessly; they were out to prove themselves and

cared little for the defense of items, territory, or

their fellow Zhents. They cared a lot for the de-

fense of their own persons, however, and if the

battle turned against their side, they would flee,

ignoring any orders to the contrary.

(As a DM, I have always used core rulebook

arcane spells for Zhentarim mages, but tweaked

every last one slightly, in terms of the appearance

of the unleashed magic, its area of effect, or its

74

Chapter 2

some means, from message pigeons to magic, of

reporting attacks on the strongholdor other in-

teresting eventsto other Zhents elsewhere.

No foe of the Zhentarim should ever expect to

raid or overwhelm and seize a Zhent-held build-

ing or even a roadblock without other Zhents

knowing about it. Getting the word out right away

is a firm, standing order from Manshoon. And

after a few Zhents died slowly and painfully as

lessons to others, that order rose to supersede any

fears of consequences that might lead a Zhent to

be slow to report.

The Right Air of Menace

The Zhentarim have achieved a lot through in-

timidation, but they are far more than jackbooted

thugs who turn cowardly when faced with real

resistance. They have their spies, and they often

make uncooperative people go missing rather

than showing up to publicly butcher them or to

set their homes on fire. Sometimes they magically

assume the likeness of someone theyve killed

or taken captive, to hide in plain view and to lay

blame on that person for something the Brother-

hood did. Sometimes they leave false messages or

dropped items to be found, to mislead others.

Never forget that some Zhentarim are very smart.

The Black Brotherhood long ago realized that

a fearsome reputation can cow people into doing

what you want them toif you make the right

examples of a few, and spread (and steer) pre-

cisely worded rumors so the populace takes your

hints and outright directionsbetter than the

most exhaustive policing and patrolling can. Folk

will even eagerly do things if you can make them

think what theyre doing was their own idea, or

is a clever dodge around detested taxes or rules.

Why get a sword rusty killing a farmer, when he

could work hard feeding you for years to come?

All Zhentarim can act like menacing butchers,

but most of them are far more than that.

material components and casting details. This

technique keeps players guessing and roleplaying

rather than running their characters in combat

on the basis of what they know of spells from the

rulebooks.)

The experienced Zhentarim wizards in a snake

force wore magic rings to teleport themselves out

of danger, and attacked in coordinated unison,

seeking to strike hard, do damage, and get out,

rather than to rescue Zhents or win the field.

They heeded Manshoons orders to harry enemies

through repeated fighting, wearing them down

rather than doing anything overly risky or heroic

in trying to destroy all foes as swiftly and deci-

sively as possible.

The watching priests were usually far enough

from the main fray to be able to flee easily. If they

were chased by a determined enemy, their retreat

was through an area where more powerful Banite

clergy could ambush their pursuers with multiple

magical attacks.

A Zhent force that knew it was going up

against particularly persistent foes would often

send monsters against them first. Once the enemy

was bloodied, but before the foe defeated the

beasts, veteran Zhentarim mages would attack

with a construct, and finally with their spells.

Zhentilar troops then charged in to prevent the

enemy from reaching the wizards.

Manshoon often sent Zhent forces (in particu-

lar ambitious magelings) up against tough foes as

a means of testing them. If they were weaklings,

they were better gone, but if they succeeded,

they eliminated or weakened those foes and be-

came more experienced, confident, and useful to

Manshoon.

Zhent Garrisons

During the time when Manshoon led the Black

Brotherhood, Zhentarim strongholds, storage

caches in caverns and old tombs, and Zhent-

allied naga lairs were usually guarded by helmed

horrors, because casual intruders were more

likely to be more terrified of them than of any

human. Secondary guards, in Zhent fortresses

and warehouses, were often banelar nagas or dark

nagas, with bored, resentful duty wizards as

backup. Duty wizards are Zhentarim mages as-

signed to such duties as punishment, or because

they are out of favor. The backups always had

LAWS AND ORDERS

75

3

76

The so-called mundane details of daily life have

spurred many an adventure. Whether spurred by

the need for somewhere warm to sleep, food and

drink, or something to properly and protectively

clothe oneself, everyday life is the nucleus around

which adventure is built.

Every player whose character has been attacked

at home, in bed, or has arrived home battered and

weary after a hard adventure to find that home

looted, burned to the ground, or under the bulk of

a grinning dragon, knows the sickening shock, the

violation, of having ones home messed with. As

the beggar Jorthyn famously told King Azoun IV of

Cormyr: Ill fight for my best begging spot, Maj-

esty, just as fiercely as youll defend yon Palace.

Azounand the people in wider Cormyr,

when they heard what Jorthyn had saidagreed

with his every word. Sage or shopkeeper, farmer

or noble, your home is nigh everything.

Beginning with that topic, here follows discus-

sions of those aforementioned mundane details:

gathering places both private (the home) and

public (the neighborhood tavern); the dishes and

drinkables Faernians prepare and consume; and

N

O

S

B

O

C

A

J

R

E

L

Y

T

the various ways in which they outfit and adorn

their bodies, ranging from everyday wear to the

highest of fashion.

WHERE ONES HAT

IS HUNG

In the Realms, people can live in anything, from

grand palaces and fortresses to dirt dugouts

and caves.

For instance, in the windswept, cliff-top Sword

Coast coastal fishing community of Ulgoths

Beard, almost everyone dwells in dirt-floored,

windowless stone cottages with roofs of grow-

ing turf, planted with herbs and edibles. Most

such dwellings have an entry room that doubles

as a dining and living room (and in winter, as a

kitchen), and opens into two or three inner rooms

that are used for bedchambers and storage. The

hearth is central, and in cold weather, stones

are heated and placed in beds and cold corners

to warm the dwelling as much as possible. The

fisher folk of Ulgoths Beard refer to these humble

cottages as their dens.

In summer, they gather peat and wood, some

of which they slowburn in clay-choked fires

into charcoal, for use in winter cooking. They also

gather berries from thickets in the breaks along

the cliffs, and smoke and salt fish. Most homes in

the Beard have outside chimney ovens for sum-

mer cooking, and racks on which the fisher folk

spread their nets for drying and mending. Filleted

fish are laid out under fine bird nets for curing.

Folk of the Heartlands are far more familiar

with root cellars and such for the winter storage

of vegetables and fuel. Their usual dwellings are

timber-framed homes, the oldest and grandest

having fieldstone foundations and ground floors.

Most farming families in the Heartlands till six

acres or less, though some own or claim far more.

Much land is left to grow wild, as woodlots have

proven a vital part of their commerce, providing

a source of firewood, poles (from coppicing), and

such, and untilled meadows provide handy wild

grazing land.

Grim past experience with fires has led many

folk in the North, and much of the Heartlands,

to build small, scattered barns and outbuildings

instead of one barn close to a lone house. Where

marauding beasts are a problem, people lay thick

thorn hedges or wooden stockades as barriers

and make use of nearby streams as crude moats,

helping to protect the livestock in these scattered

buildings.

In cities, most buildings are rectangular blocks

of brick and stone, with gently sloped slate or tile

roofs. In areas that see snow, buildings often have

steeply pitched roofs so as to shed it more quickly.

A typical city building has shops in the first

down (cellar level) and on street level, with two

or three (and in a few of the more prosperous and

crowded cities, four) floors above the street-level

shop. In the priciest heart of a citys urban area,

the lowest of those upper floors, or all of them,

are apt to contain business offices. Elsewhere,

they are usually rented out to tenants as living

space, very like real-world low-rise apartment

buildings.

Walled cities with growing populations and

prosperity experienced rebuilding throughout the

1300s DR that continues unabated thereafter.

This effort created the tallhouse, a tall, narrow,

tenement-like building sharing side walls with ad-

jacent buildings. Tallhouses are now abundant in

Waterdeep, Athkatla, and the cities of Sembia. In

a tallhouse, each tenant either owns chamber pots

and kitchen facilities, or is forced to use a com-

munal outdoor brick oven and privies at the end

of the back gardenif there is a garden. Where

tenants occupy entire floors, cooking tends to be

on a back balcony to minimize the risk of fire, ex-

cept in the coldest winter weather, when warmth

is desired.

Increasingly, in wealthy neighborhoods in Wa-

terdeep (North Ward and Castle Ward), and in

Selgaunt, tallhouses are owned by one person

and rented out by the floor, not divided up into

the usual warren of small rooms or darchains

(suites of linked rooms, usually three).

City tenants usually cook on small iron-caul-

dron wood stoves with iron legs set on layers of

stones. These wood stoves are used to heat sur-

rounding walls of stacked stones that can be

carried to beds or other rooms to radiate warmth.

Each stove has a cylindrical metal chimney that

branches horizontally through the rooms to the

windows, where shutters can be opened to let out

the smoke. This arrangement offers warmth and a

hanging place to dry damp clothing.

An isolated farm might be a steading or a

croft (and its owners, crofters). It is called a

HEARTH AND HOME

77

hold only if it is fortified or defensible in some

way. This could mean it has earthworks or stone

towers, or even a cave.

The word cabin is unknown in the Realms.

There are cottages, but most who live in them call

them my hearth.

Standath is the Dragon Reach and Moon-

sea name for a rectangular stone building that

has cellars. Shops are often located on the upper-

most cellar level, entered by a duck down steps

route from street level, as well on the ground

floor, and sometimes even the second floor. The

upper floors of a standath, of which there are

two or more, are usually given over to residential

suites. Sometimes the ground-level shop extends

to the floor directly above it. The vast majority of

crowded, square, stone-block central city build-

ings are standaths.

A murdath is the same as a standath but with

no cellars beneath, usually due to hard bedrock

near the surface, swampy ground, or ever-present

flooding danger.

In the 1360s DR, fine city dwellings started

being called mansions rather than manor houses

or villas, with some exceptions, such as in Water-

deep, Amn, and Tethyr. A fortified grand house

is called a keep even if it doesnt look like a cas-

tle, and the general term for ritzy digs is grand

house.

Any run-down hovel, from cottages to man-

sions, is a darkhalls or, if really dilapidated, a

roofwrack. Indoor toilets are garderobes in

grand houses or castles and jakes otherwise;

only outdoor toilets are privies, thunder-

thrones, or gloryhouses.

Typical furnishings for poor folk include a bed

and a table with an oil lamp (or candle-cup).

Possessions and extra blankets are kept in a

strongchest that is either stored under the bed or

used as a sideboard. The average strongchest is a

large rectangular wooden box fitted with sturdy

handles and a series of rings on the side, through

which timber spars are slid through to enable

the strongchest to be carried up on the shoulders

by groups of people. Valuables are often hidden

under the floorboards beneath the strongchest or

the bed (or both), with strings of scrap metal at-

tached to the furniture, to sound a clang if either

is moved.

As wealth increases (and space accordingly),

folk furnish their homes with chairs, then side

tables, followed by couches that arent just beds

dressed up with cushions and sat on during the

day. Lamps become far more numerous and deco-

rative. Strongchests remain the most common

means of storage.

The average strongchest is a large, rectangular

lidded wooden box fitted with sturdy handles and

a series of rings down the sides, through which

timber spars are slid to enable the chest to be

readily carried by groups of people. Only wealthy

folk can afford wardrobes and other pieces of fine

storage furniture.

Likewise, only the truly wealthy, and the guilds

who work for them, can afford elaborate building

plans. Many nobles proudly display detailed mod-

els of their country places in their city residences,

for the less fortunate to gasp over at revels. A

few even hire mages to populate their miniature

structures with moving miniature people for such

evenings (often transformed rats or micebut

sometimes hirelings who have displeased their

noble masters).

Hospitality in the Dales

Its the custom throughout most of the Dale-

lands to give a visitor in summer a cup of water to

drink, and a bowl of water in which to bathe ones

feet. Visitors do the bathing and the removal of

footwear themselves, and can refuse either kind of

aid without insulting the host.

In winter, a visitor is given warm water or

warmed oils for his or her feet, and a place by the

fire, stove, or whatever source of heat is available,

plus something warm to drink. Again, refusing is

not an insult.

Visitors who come armed with battle weap-

onry are expected to promise peace upon this

house, which is a literal promise of I wont draw

a weapon or use it while under this roof, nor set

fire to the lodging itself. Thereafter, visitors are

expected to offer their sheathed swords to the lady

of the house for safekeeping until their departure.

By tradition, the lady of the house, who is the

senior mentally competent woman in residence,

puts the sheathed weapon in her bed overnight so

no one can get to it in the dark hours of slumber

and shed blood; but in actual practice the weapon

is often hung from the rafters, laid on a mantel,

or hidden. If it is hidden, it must be yielded up

speedily when the guest announces his or her

78

Chapter 3

intended departure, or else the guest is entitled to

do violence to recover it.

Heating and Cooking Fuel

In the Realms, as in the real world, fuels for pro-

ducing heat have traditionally been ignitables that

are plentiful, near at hand, gained with relative

ease, and cheapfor example, wood in forests,

peat near bogs, or livestock manure mixed with

straw and dried in grasslands.

In desert areas across the Realms, people use

dried camel dung as fuel, and the cold northern

areas use the dung of local pack beasts. Addi-

tionally, some areas of grasslands, such as the

Shaar, use cut sheaves or stooks of fried grasses

(straw), and some coastal areas use fish oil or

whale oil. Regardless, firewood is still by far the

most plentiful and widely used fuel in the Realms.

Lands such as Cormyr, Chessenta, Tethyr,

Turmish, and the Dales use coppicing on country

estates to produce high wood yields. This is done

by cutting limbs from living trees with care not to

kill the tree, so they will regrow fuel for cutting

again in a decade or less. (Coppiced trees have a

distinctive appearance, which can be seen in real-

world rural England.)

Much wood destined for cities is pre-burned

(over a fire built in a hut to cut the wind) and

smothered with turf so that it smolders, forming

charcoal. The burning charcoal is then extin-

guished, and when cold, is transported to a city

for sale. Charcoal is favored because it burns hot-

ter and faster than wood and with less smoke. It

can also be scented with various liquids to give off

pleasant odors.

Dragon dung is reputed to have all sorts of wild

properties and powers. Alchemists have discov-

ered a handful of these assertions to be true, such

as that it causes rapid growth and regeneration

when used in a poultice, in some cases of sickness

and disease. Adventurers have confirmed some

otherssuch as that dragon dung ignites easily,

even in freezing or drenched conditions; that it

can in some confined conditions be made to ex-

plode when lit; and that it burns with an intense

blue flame. All such tales stress, however, that

only the dung of certain types of dragons does

these particular things . . . and the accounts differ

on which types have which effects.

INNS AND TAVERNS

Inns are primarily places where a traveler can

sleep for the night, stable ones horses, buy semi-

secure short-term storage, and get simple meals

either in ones rooms or in a common room

(dining room).

Alehouses (taverns) are mainly places for

drinking, sometimes with rentable private booths

or chambers for conducting business meetings.

Such chambers can also be rented for overnight

stays, and simple food of the sausage, meat-pie,

stew, and bread-loaf variety can be had. (Taverns

in the Realms seldom offer extensive menus.) The

main room of a tavern is a taproom, and taverns

have tavernmasters and even tankard-tenders

(but never barkeeps, barkeepers, or bartenders).

Female servers are known as wenches (not a dis-

respectful term), and male servers are known as

keghands, never waitresses and waiters. Taverns

serve ale in tankards, and wine in tall glasses or

flagons (no one uses the words mug or pint).

The Realms has uncounted thousands of both

inns and taverns. A small wayside settlement

might have just an inn that serves also as a tav-

ern. Conversely, backcountry hamlets and villages

not on a trade road often lack an inn; the tavern

serves both functions, with a stable loft offering

crude overnight sleeping facilities for travelers.

Although generalizations are by nature oversim-

plifications, taverns are generally noisier and less

formal than inns, and taverns tend to welcome

everyone, whereas inns are restricted to paying

guestsand perhaps one or two persons who

come to meet with each guest. Local law keep-

ers tend to be slightly more lax in disciplining

the patrons of taverns (Well, what did ye ex-

pect? Drunkards brawl, and you went to a place

where folk go to get drunk!) than they are for the

guests of inns, where its understood that patrons

are paying for some measure of peace, quiet to

sleep, and security.

Taverns and inns often have stables, run by

stablemasters who direct hostlers to tend to horses

(these handlers are rarely called grooms). Both

inns and taverns have cellarers who see to the

procurement, storage, and retrieval of drinkables

and sometimes of food, too. Female servants are

generally known as maids, and male servants

as jacks.

HEARTH AND HOME

79

A wayside inn or tavern might buy, sell, and

trade mounts and pack animals, but in cities and

market towns, such guild-dominated trade is

done at livery stables instead.

In a small inn where one servant sees to ev-

erything for multiple rooms, that servant is a

chambermaid or chamberjack (less formally,

just maid or jack). If the inn is a little larger,

it will have chamberers assisted by warmers

(more formally, warming maids or warming

jacks) who see to chamber pots and to ewers,

basins, and towels, for wash water and drinking

water. These names are used even in inns that

never heat water.

An even larger inn will separate the warmers

from those who deal with chamber pots, who then

are nightmaids and nightjacks or, less for-

mally, potmaids and potjacks.

Typical superior tavern fare throughout Faern

consists of inexpensive drinkssuch as mint

water, small beer, local ales and wines, and some

offering of stronger spiritsas well as an assort-

ment of nuts, wheels of cheese, small round loaves

of salty bread, sausages, soups, and everything

in stews. One of these stews usually contains

boar scraps and barley, the broth thickened with

mashed yellow peas. It is always salty, to encour-

age more drinking, and always served in tankards

with long spoons chained to their handles for use

in scraping out the last food at the bottom of the

tankard.

Public Dining and Menus

In the Realms, the most popular everyday terms

for restaurant are feasthouse and the slightly

grander feast hall (more often these days feast-

ing hall, to avoid confusion with festhall).

The Chondathan word skaethar has crept into

Common as formal usage, meaning dining es-

tablishment, where the word feasthouse has a

meaning closer to eatery.

Small wayside inns and taverns that offer

the only public dining in a town dont bother

with menus. Whatevers on tonight is it, with

usual meal choices so simple that the platter-

maid just verbally imparts them (Whatll it be,

goodsirs? The fish or the joint? or Full meat

or the stew?) and outlines the drinkables and

dessertsthe latter being the real treat worth

paying for in the eyes of most commoners and

farmers in the Realms.

A larger settlement might have multiple places

to eat but little true competition. For example, a

village might have a temple that serves food only

to pilgrims and night guests, an inn that serves

a different sort of fare but only to patrons, and a

tavern that serves only sausages, cheese, and hot

hardbread with lots and lots of ale to everyone

who comes in the door and pays. Again, no writ-

ten menus are needed or used.

Most feasthouses and feast halls inside inns

and taverns are located where theres true com-

petition, as is usual in market towns and cities,

as well as places where food sources change often

(fresh fish landed at ports, for example). Newly

arrived fare is chalked up on menu boards, typi-

cally on display beside the bar as well as on a

pillar not far inside the front door.

Royalty, nobility, and wealthy social climbers

have always regarded beautiful printed menus

(often taken home as remembrances) as a mark

of what they call proper or superior dining.

As a result, all highborn feasting halls and inns

that have ornate feast chambers or agreements

with feasthouses and dining clubs tend to prepare

handsomely calligraphed provender bills. These

provender bills cover both sides of one sheet of

heavy paper; menus are a field in which exotic pa-

pers are the rage, not parchment. In Waterdeep,

almost every eatery in North Ward, Sea Ward,

Castle Ward, and Trades Ward west and north of

the City of the Dead employs such printed menus.

Even some of the more exclusive upstairs clubs

in Dock Ward, frequented by young nobles, use

either printed menus, done by the broadsheet

printers, or handwritten cards.

A few establishments boast what we would

recognize as coated-paper, multipanel foldout

menus. The coating is wax, to keep stains from

stews and sauces off the paper, which is usually

shield-shaped rather than rectangular. These es-

tablishments are mainly in Calimshan and the

Tashalar, but there are a few in Amn, coastal

Tethyr, and the Vilhon.

An old tradition around the shores of the Shin-

ing Seastill seen in some places there, and

flourishing in Var the Goldenis that of the ban-

ner maids. These are provocatively or grandly

dressed lasses who accompany the platter-maid

to a table of diners. The banner maid is literally

80

Chapter 3

K

C

R

A

M

O

K

L

E

A

H

C

I

M

When the evening rowdiness hits its peak in the local tavern, it might be hard to find a quiet corner for a hushed conversation . . but if all

else fails, theres always the cellar.

HEARTH AND HOME

81

wearing the menu, as a fore-and-aft stiffened

fabric that fits close to the body. She stands and

moves as diners direct, they choose their meals,

the platter-maid records the orders, and off both

maids go to the next table. Good-looking and at-

tractively dressed banner maids often get called

back several times throughout a meal. Its con-

sidered good fun and acceptable to call forth

the banner maid once more or even several times

as one eats, but it is not considered good form to

dally over the initial order, or to recall her mul-

tiple times immediately after making that order.

Some restaurants use their banner maids for deal-

ing with rowdy diners, equipping them with bulbs

of swiftsleep gas or liquid drugs that act as seda-

tives when mixed with wine or ale hidden beneath

their menu boards.

WHATS TO EAT?

The bounty of the land and agriculture are

watched over by Chauntea; however, no deity

governs food and drink. Many faiths use special

foods, meals, food preparations, and drugs in

various holy rituals, but food and drink are not

exclusively the portfolio of any one deity.

The best food nowadays is never imbued with

magic, after centuries of accumulated fear and

abhorrence of the results of magical tinkering

with food. Too often in the past has magic been

used to poison foes, transform foes, or just trick

someone into eating dung, glass shards, or other

disgusting or harmful substances that had been

temporarily transformed into something more ap-

petizing. Just about every Faernian society down

the centuries has shunned magical meal prepara-

tionexcept for specific tasks such as peeling and

ingredient mixingand the prevailing attitude

across the Realms is admiration of cooking done

without magic. That said, no one will cavil at

someone who uses a spell to get drenched wood

burning for a cooking fire in a rainstorm, or uses

a spell to thaw frozen food in a blizzard.

Some jaded and wealthy nobles see enchanted

food as exclusive, rare, and special because its

forbidden or frowned upon, and they handsomely

pay wizardsespecially sorcerers, who can work

magic without a lot of obvious casting prepara-

tionsto prepare food magically at private feasts

and revels. Of course, nobles who love such fare

claim it has a taste that more mundane food can

never achieve; many lonely wizards who are poor

cooks privately disagree.

The backbone of many human diets is grain

and meat. Most meat in the Realms is marinated

simply and cheaply in stale beer with sugar, garlic,

salt, and mustard, or the cooks preferred hand-

ful of herbs, to taste. An alternative marinade

is fruit juice, most often the wet mash of grape

skins left over after grapes have been pressed and

the fluid poured off for wine making. Meat thats

been salted to preserve it is soaked overnight, and

the water is then poured off to cut its saltiness.

Lamb and boar are often scored, with cloves or

garlic buds thrust into the slits, before cooking.

Most meats are painted with a mix of powdered

spices (sage, rosemary, and the like) before being

spit-roasted, and Calishite cooks even add certain

substances to the hearth-coals so the aromatic

smoke will permeate the meat as its roasting. The

aromatic herbs are always secrets of the cook,

however, most are tinctures or tisanes made from

rose petals or the leaves and petals of other flow-

ers. The blood from slaughtered animals is always

saved to be cooked as drippings or used in mak-

ing gravy, sometimes with a few drops of vinegar

to prevent congealing.

Handfoods

Snacks are popular in most places in the Realms,

particularly in crowded, fast-paced cities.

Here follows a far from complete list.

Hand Pies: Meat-and-gravy-filled, savory

palm-sized pastries of an astonishing variety

of ingredients and tastes, from curries, to leek-

with-bacon, to minted lamb. Popular in the

Heartlands, the Dales, and the Savage Coast

North.

Salted, Roasted Seeds: Especially pumpkin

and loalurr (pistachios). Popular in the Tashalar.

Wheels of Sharp Yellow Cheese: Some with

ground nuts or diced olives inside, or laced with

zzar or various liqueurs. Popular in the Heart-

lands, the Dales, and the Savage Coast North.

Raisins: Popular in the Heartlands and on the

coast of the Sea of Fallen Stars.

Date Cakes: Served as pressed, flat ovals.

Popular in Calimshan and the Tashalar.

Fig Cakes: Served as pressed, flat ovals. Pop-

ular in Calimshan.

82

Chapter 3

The folk of the Realms, even those of lesser means, eat well. If something is edible, or can be made so, then chances are good that someone in

Faern has made the consumption of that something into a . . . memorable . . . culinary experience.

Cranberry Cakes: Served as pressed,

flat ovals. Popular in Sembia, the Vilhon, and

Turmish.

Dried Apricots: Popular in the Tashalar, Lu-

iren, Var, and Estagund.

Quince Sticks: Cakes of dried quince pressed

together with various beetles and formed around

edible klooer roots (licorice-like roots of a

parched wilderland bush). Popular in the Vilhon,

Shaar, Var, and Estagund.

Honeydrops: Thumb-sized candies of honey

mixed with an edible gum and spices to provide

flavor and keep the honey from melting and run-

ning in hot conditions. Popular in Calimshan, the

Vilhon, Mulhorand, Raurin, and Chessenta.

Sugar Cakes: Like real-world petit-fours,

sugar icing-drenched confections of baked cake

that have been laced with jams or chocolate or

herbal distillates. Popular everywhere, but they

tend to be in short supply and expensive.

Cherrybread: Like real-world fruitcake, vari-

ous diced fruits, marinated in spirits, baked into

a molasses cake and sold as small whole loaves or

as slices wrapped in leaves. Popular in the Border

Kingdoms, the Vilhon, and on the coast of the

Sea of Fallen Stars.

Blood-Drops: Beets sliced very thinly, fried in

oil, and then dusted with salt and various spices,

from sugar, cinnamon, and nutmeg to the various

hot spices (like vegetable crisps).

Potato Cakes: Like real-world Irish wedge-

shaped griddle cakes.

There are many more, but almost all large mar-

kets during summer and autumn, across most of

Faern, should have the majority of those men-

tioned above for sale.

One appetizer popular in Sword Coast ports in

the early 1300s DR that crept into Cormyr, West-

gate, and then Sembia as the century unfolded

is the talyth. This morsel is a cracker the size of

HEARTH AND HOME

83

D

N

A

L

G

N

E

E

N

Y

A

W

a small human palm with a thin slice of sausage

on top, and various sorts of herbs, spices, and

mushed-down-flat foodstuffs in between, lightly

baked to glue it together. Talyths are usually sa-

vory, and can include anything from snails and

oysters and spiced worms right up to diced eggs

and mixed cheeses.

Talyths have been made fresh in Waterdeep,

Neverwinter, Luskan, Mirabar, Elturel, Ever-

lund, Silverymoon, and Scornubel for decades.

In winter, talyths can be premade and packed on

ice, for later heating or reheating, to be served

immediately.

Also popular as appetizers are sugar bladders.

These are confections wrapped in pigs bladders,

heated on metal plates over fires to drive out their

moisture, tied shut, and then painted all over

with tansel (an egg- and plant-based mixture that

provides an airtight seal). The bladders are then

packed in pitch-sealed tins full of edible plant oils

to guard against spoilage. Caravan companies

ship these tins to shops and eating establishments.

Some handfoods arent suitable as traveling

fare, but others are prized by adventurers and

wayfarers across Faern as essentials, particularly

if they go beyond the standard hunk of sausage,

whole pickle, and wedge or small wheel of cheese.

REGIONAL CUISINES

It could go without saying (but wont) that differ-

ent nations and cities and areas and races in the

Realms have foods they prefer; the following sec-

tions highlight a few of these special dishes, and

the creative names that many have been given.

Cuisine of the Cold North

Its a very old joke to say that inhabitants of the

Frozenfar eat whatever they can catchall too

often, each other.

The North is home to myriad hardy plants

that survive years of successive hard freezes and

thaws, growing low to the ground with abundant

berries. Many an adventurer digging a snow cave

to survive a nights sleep in the howling open

has uncovered a good meal of tharberries (large,

beige-to-white, chewy berries), laum berries

(honey-sweet, orange, tiny berries), blooddrops

(bright red berries that taste like cooked onions),

or one of the other threescore edible berries.

Yet in a region where orc hordes rise every

few decades to scour the land of everything ed-

ible in their path, the true essential for humans in

the North is the roth. This large, shaggy beast

provides its milk and meat as food. The milk is

used both as a liquid for drinking and cooking

and to make cheese, and the meat yields roasts

that are either stewed in roth blood, fire-roasted,

or long-roasted into long-lasting trail gnaw.

The roths dung can be used as fire-fuel, and its

hides and the warmth of its living body can be

used to protect against the cold. Roaming wild

herds of roth and cultivated, trapped herds of

hobbled or penned-in-mountain-vales roth, plus

deer, have made human settlement possible in

the North.

Cuisine of the Inner Sea

North

Hunted game has always been prominent on the

tables of all lands on the northern side of the

Sea of Fallen Stars. This fare is in contrast to

the farmed livestock and poultry that dominate

in the kitchens on the southern side of the Inner

Sea. Typical city food in the lands north of the

Sea of Fallen Stars is much like the cuisine of the

Dragon Reach port of Tantras.

Tantras has lots of fresh fish and eel shops and

stands, and its streets often reek of cooking fish

in early evening. Yet a baeranth is the most popu-

lar everyday evening meal for Tantrans. The dish

is a meat pie or tart with a peppery gravy inside,

baked to a golden brown finish. A true baeranth

mixes the smoked meat of cattle, goat, and hogs

in a three-one-one ratio, but there are the inevita-

ble tales of dogs and even humans going missing

and winding up in these ever-present pies.

Baeranths vary in price from 1 sp for six to 2

cp each, depending on the size and freshness of

the pie and the reputation of the shop. They are

always sold hot, and can be bought from about

highsun to dusk from dozens of serving-shutter-

on-the-street-wall shops with names like Karvins

and Thurnans Oven and The Meltmouth.

Sarkul (smoked fish) is also popular in Tantras.

The fish are caught in the Reach, immersed in

honey and seasonings, and then hung and smoked

for several days in closed sheds to produce the

savory sarkul. Fish is never put in a baeranth.

84

Chapter 3

As a young student bored in a classroom, I liked to draw flies. Anything can become a monsterand in my hands, anything all too often

does. Im not trying to destroy civilization by overwhelming it with deadly devourers, but seeking to slay an early problem. When every

player read every rulebook, module, and The Dragon issue, all too often every last spell, magic item, and monster would be part of play-

ers metagame knowledge. So, drown them in too much Realmslore for anyone to keep track ofand presto, its real roleplaying time again.

HEARTH AND HOME

85

Locally, for some unknown reason, the very idea

of fish pies is considered revolting.

Tantras has many taverns, but few dining halls

or anything else similar to a restaurant. Its inns

typically lack dining rooms or taprooms. Instead,

they serve warm mulled cider and cold ale with

buttered breadoften mraedin, a very dark, rich

nutbread akin to pumpernickelup in the rooms

of guests. The taverns of Tantras serve the usual

drinks, plus hot buns covered with melted cheese

(but little other food). Some taverns put sliced ol-

ives or slices of sausage on the cheese of hot buns

so theyll stick to it, to make their buns distinctive

and popular.

Across the Inner Sea, the Akanamere supports

local fisheries that bring in crabs, eels, and druth

(a brown flatfish that resembles the detached sole

of a leather moccasin). The eels and the flatfish

are sun-dried to prepare them for transport and

sale; when soaked in water or shredded into a

soup or stew, they readily reconstitute. The eels

have an odd, nutty taste and the flatfish have a

hearty smoked bacon-like flavor but a leathery,

hard-chewing consistency.

The crabs are often called stone crabs for their

mottled gray color and rounded shape. They are

usually tossed alive into layers of salt in barrels

for transport elsewhere, an act that kills them and

preserves them. After being bought out of the

barrel, they must be soaked for a day to get rid of

the salt, or boiled very briefly with kurlath leaves

(the broad green leaves of a wild, shade-loving

ground plant otherwise useful only for wrapping

things in) to drive out the salt. Then the crabs can

be prepared however desired. Eaten raw, stone

crabs have a taste somewhat like real-world tinned

smoked oysters, though theyre not at all oily.

The flavor of the meat readily awakens when it is

cooked with herbs and spices, becoming stronger

and more crablike. The crabs are extremely tasty

when steamed, boiled, fried, or fire-seared.

Along the Chessentan and northern Turmish

coast, tall broadleaf reeds grow thickly, forming

what some folk call giantgrass forests. These serve

as ideal places to hide for aquatic creatures, or for

those who have access to a small, slender water-

craft that can be poled and paddled. The reeds

can be interlaced and woven into improvised

roofs, clothing, and carrying containersand are

edible as well, though they are stingingly hot, like

the green ends of leeks, when chewed raw. When

boiled or stewed, they exude a gummy essence

used as a thickener in many kitchensand such a

stew is nourishing in itself. Coastal dwellers usu-

ally add frogs, snails, fish, or meat scraps to such

stews to yield full and satisfying meals. Families

often sit around the stew-pot dipping wedges of

stale bread into it, which they then eat, alternat-

ing bites with strong cheeses. This activity is

known around the Inner Sea as a bowl feast.

Tethyrian Cuisine

Tethyr is a verdant, long-settled country with

many farms, and active fishing along its coasts

and on its rivers. Its cultivated vineyards are lo-

cated mainly inland, in the south and particularly

southeast of the realm. Local meals vary with the

wealth of the diners and the resources available

such as fresh fish in ports and along coastal roads,

and smoked or salted fish elsewherebut in gen-

eral, daily meals in rural Tethyr tend to consist

of large morningfeasts, light afternoon snacks

known as runsun, and long and large evenfeasts.

Morningfeasts tend to be evenfeast leftovers,

such as vegetables and scraps of meat or fish, fried

in onions and oil.

Runsuns began their existence as field meals

for farm workers, consisting of a drink and a sa-

vory piethe sort of thing that is also standard

tavern fare, and is served at inns in the dark

hours. The pies are cold, filled with spiced roast

fowl or leftover meats such as ham, diced beef,

smoked meats or, along the coast, fish. All of this

meat is chopped and mixed with diced parsnips

or potatoes in a spinach-and-mint or spinach-

and-hot-peppers simmer sauce.

Evenfeast is the longest meal of the day, typi-

cally served after dark (when day work is done).

At expensive inns and in grand houses, it is a

large meal of multiple courses, including spiced

vegetables in various sauces, and fowl stuffed

with herbed meats and frothed vegetables. The

meal is washed down with various wines, and

ends in a sweet fruit tart of some sort. In simpler

households, evenfeast tends to be a large, hearty

manymeats stew. In coastal settlements, the

stew is often replaced by skewers of roasted-with-

diced-vegetables fish (fish-kebabs), accompanied

by garlic bread or cheese-flavored bread, and with

a dessert of diced cheese and apples, or even a

sweet (berry) pie.

86

Chapter 3

Ive always invented recipes that made use of monster carcassesever since a Realmsplay evening in 1978 when I had swooping wyverns

snatch the characters horses and mules, packed food and all. Thats all right, one player snarled, in character. Well eat the monsters we

killwyverns first! Then he looked at me, out of character, and asked, We can do that, right? I mean, theyre edible, arent they? The

Realms has a history, and these wouldnt be the first hungry adventurers (or foraging peddlers or marching soldiers), so . . .

HEARTH AND HOME

87

Large, wealthy Tethyrian households seldom

serve fish in any form; the meal of choice for

those who fancy themselves of discerning taste

among the wealthy is spitted fowl. This usually

means skewers of many small quail and other

forest game birds that have been marinated, par-

tially boiled in broth, and then finished by being

turned over a fire as the melted fats of boar and

other beasts are ladled over them (and the result-

ing flames roar).

Children, nursing mothers, and sick folk drink

either mint water or warmed mead with every

meal. The usual beverages for other folk are the

beer made in every household and a clear, faintly

yellow, bitter white wine from southern Tethyr

called llurdren or just llur (or less polite things,

by outlanders encountering it for the first time).

Farmers who keep livestock (and their immedi-

ate neighbors) drink the milk of goats and cows,

but most milk goes into making the sharp-fla-

vored (like real-world extra old Cheddar) orange,

crumbly local cheeses (called by such names

as Aerdruth and Hammaree, after the long-

dead Tethyrians credited with concocting their

recipes).

Berry mash (made of boiled, crushed, over-

ripe fruit, when in season) is drunk, but tends to

actand be usedmore as a laxative than a bev-

erage. No other juices appear on menus, though

no one cutting or biting into fruit would dream of

wasting the juice that gushes forth. For that rea-

son, cutting is done in or over bowls that are then

drunk from.

Sausages arent unknown in Tethyr, but tend to

be purchased from northern Calimshan. (A taste

for the highly spiced Calishite meats is slowly

spreading north.) Its rare for smoked meat or

livestock to be imported into Tethyr, which has

more than enough of both already. In winter,

root soups are popular, as are stews made from

the tough bits of slaughtered animals and stored

vegetables that must be used before they rot.

Tethyrian cuisine tends to be simple and lightly

seasoned, as befits a land that has an abundance

of good, fresh food.

Elven Cuisine

Elves have created and refined a huge variety of

incredibly complicated special feast dishes, some

involving cantrips that allow dry ingredients to

be breezed (a human observer would probably

describe this as swirl-mixing the ingredients

in midair). More modest everyday elven fare

across the Realms is far simpler. Wine is com-

monly drunk with elven meals, a dry vintage with

main fare and a sweeter quaff to finish. Most

elven wines arent nearly as intoxicating for elves

as most human wines are for humansbut some

humans and halflings find elven wines potent in-

deed. Most dwarves find elven wines both weak

and odd-tasting.

Quaffs/Slakes (nonalcoholic): Sprucebark

quaff, used to cleanse the palate and freshen the

breath before and after meals; mint water; and

various unfermented berry-juice drinks.

Vegetables (eaten raw, sometimes diced and

fried with herbs and other vegetables): Brown-

buds (brown Faernian wild forest radishes);

chives; coushoots (the green new shoots of certain

forest vines, such as chokevine and thaelthorn);

cress; greenspear (asparagus, a staple with many

elves, both raw and steamed with herbs); hot-

whips (spring onions); leeks; parsley; searshoots

(wild Faernian vine onions, a staple of elven cui-

sineif left to dry until fall, they grow as hot as

garlic, but dont impart pungent odors to an eat-

ers breath); and various ferns, from fiddleheads

to stewed broadleaves.

Fruits: Rhubarb; roseapple (a mild-flavored

applelike fruit that grows at the thorny junctures

of the rosethorn, a vine that grows abundantly in

the Heartlands); and many sorts of berries.

Soups (usually served cold): Blackbark soup,

which is literally the stewed bark of four or five

different sorts of forest bushes, and which tastes

and looks a little like a thick beef stew; blalatha

soup, which is made from certain mushrooms,

diced and then boiled; darblalatha soup, which is

made from certain mushrooms, diced, then fried

with leeks, and then mixed and boiled; haendur

soup, which is made by simmering glow worms

with seasoned sharp-tasting leaves; leek soup;

snake soup, made by taking four sorts of snakes

and beheading and then boiling them until their

skins separate from the flesh and can be dis-

carded; and turtle soup.

Meat and Fish (some elves eat flesh, some

do not): Groundsnake, beheaded and roasted on

skewers over a fire; hooroun, which is moose,

always marinated with herbs to counteract the

natural seasonal tastes the meat gains from the

88

Chapter 3

One of my favorites. Having trouble finding stirges? Substitute pork ribs sprinkled with rosemary, tarragon, or diced fresh chives, bacon if

not too salty, or even leftover pork chop if not too well done or dry (if it is, marinate it in half-and-half beer and barbecue sauce). For all too

obvious reasons, blood sausage will probably be closer to the taste of a Faernian stirge, mind you. Doesnt appeal? Well, sell your stirge kills

in the next village, to someone too hungry to be choosy.

HEARTH AND HOME

89

mooses eating habits; lulleth, which is a thick

stew made of either muskrat, shrew, vole, or

branchcat (a tree-climbing cross between a mink

and a raccoon); boar, which most elves dislike,

prepared the same way as lulleth; seared rabbit;

silvereyes, which is a fish stew of silverflash and

other small forest stream fish; sornstag, which is

roasted hotspice (curried) venison; surkyl, which

is porcupine with its belly slashed to insert leek

and herbs, then rolled in clay and fire-baked so

that the hide and quills can be removed with

hardened mud shell; and lastly, thaenwing, which

is spiced-and-diced grouse, partridge, quail, and

woodguth (wild turkey). Most elves are revolted

by the thought of eating owls, which they deem

intelligent souls, and they believe that dining on

raptors brings misfortune on oneself and ones

kin.

Trail Food: Marruth (sometimes disparag-

ingly called root pies by dwarves and humans) are

pastries into which spiced and herbed mashes of

vegetables have been baked. Once cooled, these

pastries are rolled into rallow leaves (heavy, oily,

waterproof broadleaves) to keep them from rot-

ting, and carried for eating cold when on the

move. Mint nut cheese, nuts, and dried berries

are also popular trail food, as is taece, which re-

sembles a brown, finger-length sardine and is

made of fire-dried, tiny forest-stream fish. These

fish contain a lot of fat, and are crunched (eaten

whole, bones and all).

Desserts: Mint jelly and tarts made of various

berries, sweetened with a mash of berry juices.

Drow Cuisine

The green wine of the drow is made from or-

bloren, an Underdark rock fungus, distilled in a

mixture of water and the juice of another sort of

subterranean fungus.

Orbloren is an abundant, greenish vegetation

that grows on moist rock walls. It is not nutri-

tious, but it is also not harmful either. To be

made into wine, it must be boiled in water into

which another sort of fungusabundant gray

scaly scabs of marrult (imagine dun-hued slices of

pepperoni thrown against a stone wall and stick-

ing, in clusters)has been crushed. Not much

marrult is needed to make the water right for

distilling the orbloren, but lots of marrult yields

the richest, most tasty, and most highly valued

green wine.

The distillate is captured in a cold metal hood-

and-bowl affair above the boiling vessel. It is then

chilled in the dark, often by immersing metal

containers of it in subterranean streams, for forty

days or so. After that, it is drinkable green wine.

If drunk earlier, it burns the tongue and throat.

If it is murky, adding just a few grains of salt will

clear it. It keeps for years, unless boiled, which

gives it a disgusting burnt taste and a black, oily

hue. Its still not poisonousjust horrible.

There are strong drow alcoholic drinks that

use spider venom or secretions as ingredients, but

dont believe the rumors: Green wine is not one

of them.

Drow eat a wide variety of lichens stewed into

soups, as well as Underdark worms, insects (fried

in pack-lizard oil), and lizard flesh. Lolth-wor-

shipers do not eat arachnids.

Gnome and Halfling Cuisine

Haflings tend to dwell among humans and often

make their livings producing food for humans

especially baked goods, stews, and sauces, but

also portable foods such as sausages and wheels

of cheese. They also make versions of all of these

edibles for themselves that differ from the human

versions in texture and seasonings. Halflings

prize the chewy, rubbery consistency disliked by

most humans, and halflings hate strong human

spicing such as pepper, vastly preferring the sub-

tle, gentle meldings of various herbs. In winter,

most halfling homes have two ongoing stews sim-

mering on the hearth: a light broth that can be

drunk by the tankard, and a heavy broth, which is

full of lumps of meat and vegetables.

Halflings dominate the populations of two

Heartlands locations, Secomber and Corm Orp,

so these places provide a glimpse of what half-

lings produce when left to their druthers. In both

settlements, cuisine is dominated by flavored

cheeses, wines and table grapes, and goat and

sheep flesh prepared in many ways.

In Corm Orp, local hin produce pottery from

the rich local clays, and grapes in profusion. The

common grapes are both sour wine grapes and

blue eyes, edible grapes named for their color

that grow in halfling-fist-sized clusters. Corm

Orp produces wines and grape-based dyes for

90

Chapter 3

export, and mixed food crops for local consump-

tion. Many goats and sheep are kept in the hills

overlooking Corm Orp, yielding milk, wool, and

cheese. The cheese made from these goats and

sheep is a soft, buttery yellow substance called

Orthin (after its long-dead first maker); its not

much different from real-life Brie, but is never

runny and has a very thin rind. From time to

time, a few blankets made of wool or goat-hair are

exported, but the rest of what the herds yieldin-

cluding all the meatis consumed locally. It has

been accurately said that cheese, bread, ale, and

more cheese are what fill a happy hins stomach.

Gnome cuisine is very like halfling cuisine, ex-

cept that gnomes tend to make savory puddings.

These are typically mixed vegetables and meats

bound together in a rich gravy so heavy in natural

gelatin that the whole sets into quivering semi-so-

lidity. Gnomes prefer large savory pies for family

meals, and sausages (or just drawstring sacks of

cut-up, cold spiced meats) and very sweet dessert

tarts for portable individual meals. Gnomes tend

to like thick, dark, heavy beer, often fortified into

something much more fiery. So where a halfling

looks for cheese, a gnome turns to savory pud-

ding. Gnome puddings made for travel are often

sewn into skins, like real-world haggis.

Dwarven Cuisine

Among humans, dwarves are known to be hearty

eatersespecially of roasts that a human would

consider dry and overdoneand are legendary for

their prodigious capacity for ale and strong drink.

They avidly devour food so salty that a human

would shudder, but seem little attracted to sweets.

Down in their mines, dwarves always keep

rock salt handy, and they lick salt from the living

rock around them as well. Food is whatever can

be caughtor must be foughtin the caverns,

eaten raw if need be but preferably cooked, with

an always-going simmer-pot to render tendons,

fat, and blood down into gravy.

Dwarves wont eat orc flesh unless they are

starving. Orc blood in gravy, however, is perfectly

acceptable. Like humans, dwarves have depended

on roth to expand across the northern regions,

and their tradition of axe-throwing was born from

hunting roth, deer, and other fleet-footed beasts

in the mountains and rolling hills of the Realms.

These days, by preference, dwarves are hearty

meat eaters. Vegetables (except for raw parsnips,

which most dwarves carry and gnaw on as snacks)

are mere garnish. Sausages are subsistence food

for the trail, nothing more than fillbelly (the

dwarves term for edibles eaten to sustain life

rather than for pleasure). Cheese and milk fall

into the same category, good only for fuel and not

considered real food.

A guilty secret among dwarves is their love

for certain small cave-worms and earthworms,

munched raw. These are a prized and addictive

candy to many dwarves and are the reason why

a dwarf who butchers livestock always looks for

tapeworms and other parasites of such beasts in-

nards. Dwarf-only dens (city cellar alehouses that

lack signs and usually have several entrances from

adjacent cellars belonging to other businesses or

residences) always set out bowls of live worms on

tables for drinkers to take freely. If they want pa-

trons to leave, collecting these bowls is a silent but

firmand except in rare instances, well heeded

signal to go. (Now, and quietly.)

FOOD FROM

THE WILD

In most wilderland areas of the Realms, outside

of an easy bowshot away from any caravan road,

Faern still teems with readily edible plants and

game, unless recent forest fires or other scourges

have taken their toll locally.

For instance, in the Skull Gorge along the

River Reaching in the Heartlands, wayfarers can

readily find wild food along the swift, icy-cold

river. From the Misty Stair cascades to below the

Gorge, the river is the spawning beds of dreel

short, fat, green-black river eels that live on algae

and carrion, and keep the river waters clean and

clear. They taste like mucus but are quite nour-

ishing, and if fried with the right herbs or spices,

can actually taste nice. Due to their appearance,

dreel are sometimes called trollfingers.

Also prevalent in this area are dartflash, which

are small-human-palm-sized, bony silver fish that

swim in short, very fast darting-straight-ahead

rushes. Dartflash are usually netted or scooped

out of the water in handheld nets. They are edi-

ble, often steamed until the bones are soft enough

HEARTH AND HOME

91

to crunch and eat, though a human adult needs a

helm-full pile of them to make a meal.

Lastly, mursk are quite common. Mursk are

fat, slow-moving, green-brown fish that are un-

pleasantly oily in taste, but can be fried, allowing

the cook to skim off the oil for use in lamps.

Across the Heartlands, traethe (tray-thh), a

kind of wild radish, grows abundantly and can be

plucked and eaten freely (except, of course, in city

garden plots or on a farm). Many adventurers,

pilgrims, and other wayfarers fall into the habit

of stooping, picking, cleaning off the worst of the

earth, and eating as they walk throughout the

day. Most traethe are mild, with a hot aftertaste,

and are considered boring but functional fare.

Humans dwelling near swamps tend to use

lots of marsh plants for cooking and alchemy, and

eels and savory, clam-like swamp mollusks for

eating. A large marsh is one of the richest places

for foraging in all the Realms; the children of a

household in such an area can expect to spend

most of their days playing, since they can gather

enough edibles for a large evening meal in a rela-

tively short time before sunset.

Finding fresh, clean drinkable water near a

marsh isnt always easy. However, if one doesnt

mind drinking brownish, muck-tasting water,

there are herbs that can be dropped into contain-

ers of water to kill the squigglies and make the

water safe to drink, and also some forest plants

that can be boiled for a juice to added to marsh

water to precipitate the floating brown sedi-

ment out of it and alter its taste to something less

strong. Other tisanes (teas) of rose petals and

other floral petals can then be added to the water

to make it quite pleasant to taste. Selling sweet

water in villages along trade routes is a wide-

spread, sustaining industry across the Realms.

Masters of the Marsh

Lizardfolk dwelling in most marshlands will trade

warily with other races, if they are not threatened

and if they can do such trading in ways that dont

require leaving the vicinity of the swamp, because

they feel very vulnerable away from easy reach of

the waters. Such bargaining must be done without

a lot of speech or long bargaining, since lizard-

folk will not put up with such. Lizardfolk are not

unthinkingly, unobservantly stupid; within their

home area, they know the land very well, and tend

to be cunning.

Lizardfolk can set snares, flush out prey by

working in well-organized hunting bands, are

stealthy foragers, and often prepare hideouts in

overgrown wilderness areas to keep themselves

hidden from the eyes of humans and others who

might offer them harm. They are particularly

learned in what swamp plants can be crushed and

smeared on themselves to entirely baffle anything

trying to identify them by scentas well as what

undergrowth they must pass through to thwart

those trying to track them. They turn hostile if

they think they are being stealthily surrounded,

or being distracted by one group of traders while

another group readies an attack.

Some lizardfolk know what diets and marsh

substances smeared on the skins of snakes will

make those reptiles mate more often and produce

more young, and the lizardfolk raise and tend

such snakes to make sure the maximum num-

ber survive and grow to adult size to keep the

breeding stock strong and to fill the curled-leaf

platters that hold lizardfolk meals. There is no

truth to the rumor that lizardfolk wont eat the

flesh of any reptile; snakes and small lizards are

staples of their diet.

DRINKS OF CHOICE

On a daily basis, most Faernians drink water,

grass broth (a salty soup made by boiling water

with local greenery in it, sometimes augmented

with dumplings to make it a meal), teas, cider,

and small beer (household brewed ale). When

people dine out, or visit the local tavern of an eve-

ning, stronger drinks are usually consumed.

Coffee

Known as kaeth or kaethae in the Realms, coffee

is rare north of Calimshan and the southern Vil-

hon shores, except in the most cosmopolitan ports

such as Waterdeep, Athkatla, and Westgate.

Its major sources are located south and east of

Durpar, about halfway up the east side of Anau-

roch, and overseas to the west in Maztica.

Sacks of beans from overseas are brought in to

Baldurs Gate and from there shipped elsewhere,

mainly south to Calimshan and the Tashalar.

92

Chapter 3

Folk in Faern imbibe all sorts of strange beverages. Some do this, so they say, because the water cant be trusted. Others, such as this

inquisitive drow, might sample a drink that looks delectable just to see what will happen.

These beans are large, soft (crumbly), and red-

dish brown.

The Bedine of Anauroch call coffee qahwa

or just qaw, and they trade little in it. Since the

reappearance of Shade, the surviving Bedine con-

sume almost all of their qaw themselves. Through

the machinations of the Dtarig, a tiny trickle of

Bedine beans formerly reached Zhentil Keep, and

thence Hillsfar and Sembia. This source is now

extremely unreliable and paltry, though wealthy

Sembian coffee-drinkers have bid the price up

high. Anaurian beans are small, hard, and are so

dark a brown that they look black.

The beans from beyond Durpar are usually

known as Thondurs, after a now-deceased trader

who for a time controlled the entire trade in cof-

fee reaching Calimshan, the Tashalar, and the

Vilhon. Thondur amassed a staggering fortune,

much of which has never been found because

of his habit of establishing hundreds of secret

caches, all over Faern. After he was publicly torn

apart by a pet dragon some sixty years ago, his

fortune was entirely lost. Thondurs beans are

now more plentiful and cheaper, thanks to the

shattering of his monopoly, and they form the

bulk of the supply enjoyed in southern lands of

the Realms. Thondurs beans are large, have a

pronounced cleft or depressed line running their

length (making them somewhat like cowrie shells

in shape), and have a bluish tint to their chestnut

brown color.

Although the coffee beverages of the Realms

vary from place to place, theyre all derived the

same way: the stunted mountainside coffee trees

yield beans that are dried in the sun, put into

sacks, and shipped long distances to consumers

who grind the beans just before brewing. Sacks

of beans are put into coffin-like, battered, reused

HEARTH AND HOME

93

R

O

N

N

O

C



O

M

A

I

L

L

I

W

crates for wagon travel or barge trips, but they

are tossed loose into ship hulls, so they can be ar-

ranged evenly as stable ballast.

Coffee is drunk black in Calimshan and the

Tashalar, its taste often altered with dried, ground

nuts and roots and even sprinklings as strong as

ginger. In Sembia, on the other hand, it is usually

mixed with melted chocolate or liqueurs.

Tankards are usually used for coffee drink-

ing in northerly places, but in southern places,

small palm-sized bowls with out-flaring tops and

drinking spouts are favored. These are known

formally as kavvar or colloquially as just cups,

and coffee is formally called kaeth and colloqui-

ally known as fireswallow. Bad coffee is described

with any handy oath in northern lands, but in

the South its ortulag (or-tu-lag), derived from a

now-defunct dialect word meaning warmed-over

chamber pot rinse.

Coffee is prepared and consumed in a variety

of ways in Faern, from a thick black near-syrup

stirred into sweet liqueur in Sembia and Ches-

senta, to roasted beans eaten whole, to the more

familiar brew drunk black, sometimes with medi-

cines or mint leaves sprinkled over the surface.

This black coffee is made by stewing the beans in

a pot over a fire or a hearth, and is hence much

stronger than what most of us in the real world

are accustomed to. Brewed coffee is the most

popular form of consumption in Calimshan, the

Tashalar, the Heartlands, and the North, but ped-

dlers, explorers, and adventurers often chew the

beans as they travel.

Tea

Unlike with coffee, few teas in the Realms are

shipped far, or sold for high prices. However,

clubs of tea-fanciers in Athkatla, Calimport, and

other rich cities are filled with wealthy connois-

seurs wholl pay much for favorite blends.

This limited commerce in tea doesnt occur

because tea isnt popular or well thought of. Its

because the majority of teas in the Realms are

tisanes, or infusions, or herbal teasmade from

leaves of various plants other than tea plants.

Moreover, the vast majority of tea beverages are

made from local wild plants, and travelers in the

Realms expect teas to vary in taste from place

to placeso not a lot of long-distance shipping

(from one realm to another) goes on.

Most crofters and other country folk view tea

as something they (or their children) glean from

the leaves of wild bushes that they pluck as oppor-

tunity and need arise. The leaves are usually kept

in metal coffers with sticky-rim lids (coated

with an edible oil or gum to keep air out). Un-

like in the real world, the container is worth a lot

more than the tea!

Most teas are made by pouring boiling water

onto a container full of leaves, and then strain-

ing the leaves out. In the poorest households,

the leaves are often reused; people dry them on a

shield in the sun, then put them back in the pot

(perhaps along with a few fresh leaves) before

brewing again.

Tea is always drunk clear, never with milk.

However, murky brews from powdered leaves

whisked in a bowl are the norm in the Shining

South, and in ports where travelers from many

places mix, all sorts of tea-making habits and

techniques are used and copied. Tea in most din-

ing houses (restaurants) replaces the real-world

dusty glass of water on the table.

Except for places that have docking or gate-

entry fees levied by the conveyance (a wagon or a

ship), no one levies import or export duties on tea.

(Tea? Tea? Pass, merchant, and may you know

better fortune within than to have to trade in

tea!) Even someone with a caravan-full wouldnt

be charged duty, though he or she might thereaf-

ter be watched, as if a madman or a liar who must

actually be up to something else.

Beer

Like teas, beer is made locally all over the

Realms, and the flavor and appearance of brews

vary widely. Beer is a cheap, daily drink often en-

joyed with gusto.

In beer making and drinking, the Heartlands

city of Berdusk is typical of many locales, and

so can serve as a model. Made-in-every-kitchen

small beer is generally sneered at in Berdusk, as

so much good beer is made locally. The alehouses

serve red, an orange-red, fiery (peppery) hard

cider; a fiery, black, almost licorice-tasting smoky

stout known as Old Dark; and a lot of light ales.

These ales, called goldens, are wheat beers

sweetened with honey and flavored with all man-

ner of local berries. Five of them are detailed

below.

94

Chapter 3

Annasker: Named for the family who first

made it, annasker is a sparkling, pinkish pale ale

that tastes sweet but tart, like lemonade mixed

with several berry juices.

Belbuck: A halfling-brewed beer, and by far

the most popular, belbuck is sweet and a translu-

cent green thanks to fermented herbs that make it

both strong and minty. Like spearmint, it clears

other tastes, and it chills the throat like menthol.

Its deceptive; many a traveler has drunk deeply

before feeling the effects, and afterward been un-

able to rise and walk across a taproom unaided.

Darndarr: A sandy or nutty flavored beer,

darndarr goes silkily well with both seared meats

and fish. This ale keeps well, even out in the sun.

The small earthenware jugs it is served in collapse

into powder if flung or swung against something

hard, making them into preferred drench peo-

ple missiles in pranks. Many locals have crocks

and kegs of darndarr around the house for casual

drinking and for use as a marinade or to jug

perishables in, for longer keeping.

Helmatoss: A sweet, oily, clear pale ale, hel-

matoss sits heavily on the stomach. Some say it

was named for the long-dead tavernkeeper Alanra

Helmatoss, and others say its named for the vio-

lent retching it induces in those who overimbibe.

In smaller doses, its known to neutralize many

poisons and settle raging acidic stomachsHarp-

ers have tested both contentions and proven them

trueand is definitely an acquired taste. Those

who have acquired that taste often drink great

amounts and swear by it, whereas one large tan-

kard will leave a first-timer spewing. Warning:

highly flammable!

Zeskorr: A dark brown pale ale, zeskorr tastes

of salt and, some say, fish; others just say it tastes

strange. Apt to upset the stomachs of the unwary,

zeskorr is deeply enjoyed by those who have ac-

quired a taste for it.

Cider

More popular than beer in many places, cider

can be sweet and nonalcoholic or hard (alcoholic),

and anything from semi-sweet to bitter. Cider is

cheap and easy to make in apple-growing country

(the mid- to southern Heartlands), and if it goes

off, it can be used as vinegar in both cooking and

preserving (pickling). The strong reek of cider

vinegar is used by some folk to confuse creatures

that track by scent, such as the war dogs used

for perimeter defense by some nobles, and track-

ing dogs used by authorities everywhere. Though

many children and women prefer the taste of

cider over more bitter beers, cider is not gener-

ally considered a lesser drink than beer. It doesnt

travel as well or keep as long as beer does when

handling and conditions arent optimum, and so

it is less available in locations not near to apple

country.

Wine

Faernian wines range from opaque, glossy black

to clear and nigh-colorless, from sugary sweet

to wrinklemouth bitter, and from local tath

(poor or very ordinary) to expensive, far-traveled

dance in your glass vintages sought after by

collectors, argued over by snobs, and unobtain-

able by the ordinary jack in the street. Literally

thousands of vintages exist, from the little-known

and the local to those whose volume fills hun-

dreds of casks that are shipped far across Faern

for local bottling. In particular, the production

of Tethyrs coastal vineyards has climbed steadily

throughout the 1300s DR and 1400s DR.

Elves, and to a lesser extent half-elves, can

consume large amounts of wine without becom-

ing inebriated, whereas red wines contain some

substance not yet identified that leaves gnomes

reelingly imbalancedor puts them rapidly to

sleepafter they imbibe only a small amount.

Whereas beer kegs are intended to be tapped

with a bung or a spigot and slowly emptied tan-

kard by tankard, wine kegs are more often stood

on end and opened (the upper end removed) to

fill many bottles or skinsor bothin one ses-

sion, leaving the keg empty. This custom has led

many sly persons to entertain notions of using wine

kegs as smuggling containers, usually by float-

ing sealed containers in the kegs seemingly full of

wine. These containers are usually animal-bladder

bags sewn shut and waterproofed with some sort

of grease or better, an elven-devised concoction

that wont taint the wine. This means of smug-

gling has become so prevalent that authorities in

some places, such as Baldurs Gate and Athkatla,

routinely stop wine shipments to open a random

keg or two. This generates the expected complaints

from shippers that the law keepers spoil and spill

or even drink much of the wine when doing such

HEARTH AND HOME

95

inspectionsbut a lot of contraband has been

found and seized, and such seizures are increas-

ing, not petering out, as the popularity of the tried

and true float it in method of smuggling soars to

ever-greater heights.

Stronger Drink

All hard liquor is known in the Realms, and fa-

vored by dwarves, gnomes, and goblinkin over

all other drinks. As the very old dwarf joke goes,

about a stalwart served tea: Water? Im thirsty,

not dirty!

Increasingly, among humans, spirits arent

drunk straight, but are mixed with other drinks to

increase the potency of the secondary drink.

Generally, in the warmer climes, and as far

north as Amn, intoxicating drinks are blended for

taste reasons, sometimes mixed with fresh fruit

juices. However, they are almost never deliber-

ately made stronger by combining one alcoholic

drinkable with another.

That said, from Westgate northward, and

Beregost northward on the Sword Coast, most

inns and taverns serve fortified drinkables. These

are of two sorts: the booze that the house waters

down habitually and every patron knows about,

and the mixed drinks that are done on the spot, at

the request of a patron or when a patron accepts

an offer to warm his or her drink.

The first group of warmed drinks includes zzar

(Waterdhavian fortified wine) and whats called

deep ale or fire ale (beer to which a grain-based

spirit has been added). These beverages might

be watered to make them go farther if the taste

is harsh (and to save some coins), and are often

fortified with distilled spirits. These spirits are

usually potato-based, akin to real-world vodka:

essentially clear, colorless, and tasteless.

The second group of warmed drinks includes

those that approach the elaborate recipes of real-

world cocktails, but such beverages are found only

in places like Waterdeep, Silverymoon, Luskan,

Neverwinter, Sembia, Westgate, and the coastal

ports of the Dragon Reach. Usually this kind of

warmed drink is a simple Warm your wine by

stirring in a little throatslake, goodsir? concoc-

tion (throatslake here meaning an unspecified

distilled spirit). If the throatslakes strong taste

clashes with the wine, the result can be horrible.

THE LATEST FASHION

Most folk in the Realms are wealthy enough to

have extensive wardrobes, and do not stray far

from practicality in everyday wear. Many have but

one fine wear garment for special occasions.

Any city or market town will have seamstresses

who alter garments, cut down clothing into other

items, and dye and adorn clothes to make them

flashier and stimulate sales. Adornments (cheap

feathers-and-buckles jewelry employing enam-

eled metals, cut-glass false gems, and painted,

dyed, and sculpted wire and cloth rather than

expensive components) are always popular, and

almost all new-garment clothiers in any city are

accustomed to doing small on-the-spot alterations

to make a sale.

Everyday Wear

Children are often clad in smocks (knee-to-calf-

length loose shirt dresses), with leggings or

pull-on hose (long stockings tied to an underbelt

to keep them from riding down) with boots,

clogs, slippers for indoor wear, or bare feet.

Youths of both genders often wear hand-me-

downs, and usually adopt a style to distinguish

themselves from their parents generation (femi-

nine clothing rearranged and belted to bare

one shoulder, or supplemented by scarves worn

around shoulders or at wrists or belt).

Adults tend to wear whats best suited for work,

with fashion outfits reserved for cities and large

towns, market-moots, and special occasions.

Both genders customarily wear breeches (lace-

up-front trousers, often leather) and boots or

covered-toe sandals. In hot climates, smocks and

woven wide-brimmed hats are often worn, aug-

mented with leggings (worn under smocks when

working in thorny fields and underbrush, and by

women in winter for warmth, under gowns).

Its rare for men to wear gowns, but women

often wear tunics and jerkins. Skirts (as opposed

to gowns) are rare. Conservative gowns are ankle

to mid-calf length, and expose little bosom, but

theres nothing daring about bared arms.

In the Realms, a tunic is a long shirt, usually

open-fronted and laced up, often gathered at the

waist with a belt, and usually meant to be worn

overlapping ones breeches (though a light tunic

may be tucked in at the waist).

96

Chapter 3

A Faernian jerkin is a heavier fitted garment

that fastens down the front or front side with a

series of toggles and loops, and always overlaps

breeches, often extending to not far above the

knee. It often has shoulder padding and a stand-

up collar, and might have external or internal

pockets (a tunic never has pockets).

With their clothing, Faernians haughty or

humble usually wear belts and baldrics (belts

worn diagonally from waist to shoulder) to hold

garments up, and to hang sheaths and scabbards

for weapons or tools on.

Popular augmentations are the tammalar, a

baldric of many pouches (sometimes removable,

but more often securely sewn on); the bracelar, a

leather wrist-bracer with pouches sewn to it (often

used by merchants to hold ready coin when sell-

ing); and the scrip, which in recent centuries has

come to mean a large piece of leather or cloth

with sewn-on ties or thongs, and sewn-on loops

or sleeves for those ties to go through. It is gath-

ered up (around goods, to form a carrysack) into

a bundle, and kept that way by threading ties

through the sleeves (and a users belt, to carry it

at the hip or hanging from the rear waist).

Cloaks and Daggers

Nobility and the wealthy wear tailored, ankle-

length greatcloaks for cold weather, and soft

leather longcoats for driving rain, and when deep

snow or heat makes a greatcloak too much.

They also have what less wealthy Faernians

must make do with in all kinds of bad weather:

weathercloaks. These are near-ankle-length

cloaks, lighter than leather and lacking fastenings

beyond brooches (pins). A weathercloak tends to

blow about, and provides poor protection against

cold, because it clings tightly to the arms and

shoulders when pinned shut.

Folk also wear swirlcloaks (half-cloaks worn

for looks rather than utility, that hang from one

shoulder and usually drape to just below the

waist), and shoulder-cloaks (shawls, always cloth

lined with cloth and never an open-work weave).

A conservative rural or town matron would

wear ankle-length gowns with a shoulder-cloak.

(If gardening or out walking in wet conditions

or muddy places, she wears breeches and leather

boots under her gowns, and might hike up gowns

to her knee and belt them up at that length.)

Thin, for looks cloaks are habitually con-

structed with a pocket along collar or shoulders,

so the cloak can be rolled tightly, stuffed into this

pocket, and the result hung from a belt or around

the wearers neck on its own sewn-on thong.

Some heavier cloaks sport drawstring-closed

(and then knotted) miniature pockets along lower

edges, for easily carrying emergency coin (fares

for conveyances, a nights lodging, a meal), and

to double as weights to keep the cloak down in a

breeze (prevents embarrassment or momentary

blinding by having a cloak blow up into the wear-

ers face).

Expensive cloaks have a deep, small-opening

handy pouch pocket, usually at lower rib level,

for carrying small items (a kerchief, or supporting

the weight of a spare purse hanging on a thong

around the neck). Thieves often use such pockets

to carry garottes, or thongs for binding wrists and

ankles.

Cloaks with larger pockets usually also have

linings that make identifying carried items dif-

ficult. The bulk or bulge of carried items can

usually be seen (concealing a betraying shape is

why many merchants wear a loose scarf knot-

ted to hang in an arc across their upper chests;

the scarf also covers mouth and nose in dusty

or stinky conditions), but a good cloak hampers

identification of whats being carried.

Peddlers, adventurers, nobility, royalty, and

knaves (opportunistic thieves) carry at least a

concealed dagger at all times, and often rather

more weaponry. Many folk employ hidden breast-

plates and gorgets inside bodices, or jerkins

reinforced with armor plate.

Headgear

Hats vary widely with location and passing fash-

ion. A style of headgear that often returns to

fashionable status is a prowed, peaked soft leather

cap (think Robin Hood), very long and thin, and

attached to a hair-comb so it wont fall off easily

and to keep it raked at an angle to one side of the

headand always low in front, rear up at back.

Such caps sport at least two large, color-

ful fluffy feathers, one on each side of the cap.

Fops and the haughty wear caps with nine or

more feathers stuffed in, raked back (plumes

to the rear). Some caps of this sort have gauze-

work woven among the feathers to support tiny,

HEARTH AND HOME

97

dangling sparkle in the form of faceted gem-

stones. Such headgear is formally known as a

fancy-me, but more commonly just as a dee.

Headgear fashions tend to be widely popu-

lar for two seasons, thereafter retained for a few

seasons more by those desiring to signal they are

not irresponsible younglings any longer. Rural

areas ignore hat fashions.

Clothing with Style

Those able to indulge in fashion usually dress

either to minimize perceived shortcomings in per-

sonal appearance or to make a specific impression

(truly rich, or beyond-caring-about-coin rich, or

conservative, or Im an adventurer above all this

society nonsense, or Im the special guest want-

ing to stand out or surpass, or I belong here).

The cheapest wealthy style of dress is the

Realms equivalent of the little black dressa

basic black gown with high collar and/or plunge

front, matching sash and boots, and a few pieces

of small, tasteful jewelry (moonstone or pearl ear-

rings and perhaps a pendant and/or finger ring).

This look is never out of fashion except among a

wild gathering of the rebellious young, and even

then it can be dressed down by exchanging the

black sash for an orange one, pinning the gown

(to the inside of the sash) half-open to expose skin

or a chemise (lace-trimmed white silk for a classy

look, almost anything to present other images).

Chathra are petticoats adorned to be seen, and

in winter, fur cuffs and scarves are often added.

One fashion fallback is to wear a simple gown

with a showy trimmed slip or chemise (sized

for someone larger) over it, with a sash or a belt of

contrasting hue to bind the whole look together.

Nobility and social climbers seek to set them-

selves apart from commoners with ever-changing

fashions and arrays of specific accessories. Their

hirelings (staff) wear livery, or greatsleeves

(shoulder-to-wrist armbands of the family color,

pulled on over everyday garments).

Other Races

For one reason or another, the dictates of fashion

are not as much of a concern to elves, dwarves,

and other races as they are to humans.

Over thousands of years, elven clothing has

changed from near-nakedness adorned with

growing plants worn as semi-garments, through

diaphanous, flowing robes extending to wrists

and ankles, to increasingly practical garments

(leather boots, belts, carry-pouches, and form-

fitting clothing). These days, elves wear what they

please, expressing their individuality. Fashions

sometimes sweep a city or realm, but not since in-

sular Cormanthan times have elves scorned fellow

elves as out of fashion. So both elves and half-

elves wear just about anything.

Dwarves, gnomes, orcs, and half-orcs tend to

prize practicality and hard wear in their choice

of garments, and to avoid bright hues. Leather

and homespun is their everyday dress, with

haphazard wool, burlap, and dirt being a less

polite description.

Many halflings, goblins, and kobolds are

fashion chameleons. They usually seek to blend

in and wear clothing that permits quiet, agile

movementbut when celebration or formality

is in order, they explode into a riot of garments

displaying all manner of gaudy hues and adorn-

ments, with frequent color clashes and

overblown impracticality.

What Folk Wear Underneath

Daily utilitarian undergarb for both men and

women on the lower half of the body is the gar-

ment known as a clout. The first part of a clout

is a very tight leather, cloth, or cord belt worn

around the hips and held tight by multiple small

hooks (like those on real-world bras) on the front.

The second part of the clout is a long strip of

rectangular cloth, usually cotton, which is passed

between the legs, up through the front of the belt

to dangle down, and up through the back of the

belt to dangle down. In many cases, the dangling

front and back ends are designed to be tied to-

gether, and the cloth can be folded in on itself for

extra absorbency or paddingsuch as when the

wearer expects to be riding a mount. Decorative,

made to be seen clouts and freshly perfumed

new clouts are sold in cities, market towns, and by

most passing peddlers.

Women often wear a dethma, a tight cloth

breast binding or sling. This garment is the

equivalent of a modern sports bra, although in-

stead of stretchy fabric covering a lot of skin, the

Realms version is more like a trough or shelf of

tightly stretched cloth sewn to a network of cords,

98

Chapter 3

because stretchy fabric is largely unknown in the

Realms. In colder climates, soft hide bras are

worn most of the time.

Which brings us to Faernian lingerie. The

Realms doesnt use wire for breast support and

shaping, and corsets are laced-up boiled hide

without whalebone or any sort of stiffeners. Stom-

achers that cinch the waist tight are popular, and

many have shaped panels for the hips and a top

shelf for support. Corsets are very common. Fat

male merchants and female goodwives just want-

ing to improve their shape, as meets the eye,

don various foundation garments, meant to stay

hidden under clothing. Others wear all sorts of al-

luring garments meant to shape the body, and at

the same time be displayed as adornment. Many

such garments have hidden pockets to carry a

coin or two, or a tiny knife or less weapon-like

item thats been sharpened into a cutting edge.

The highborn often wear underdresses of thin

cotton (like a real-world chemise). Low-cut peas-

ant blouses and even lace trimmings are widely

seen on these garments, some of which are in-

tended to show through around the edges of an

apron or a heavier overskirt.

Across Faern, erotic colors are black and

red, and provocative garments often feature

lace, straps, and panels of these hues. Show

nightgowns and nightshirts tend to be of opaque

greens, blues, and browns. Conservative un-

derwear tends to be white, cream, beige, or the

natural hue of the material.

Skin Adornment

Aside from piercing the ears to wear earrings,

navels for wearing jewelry, and some clerics who

perform piercing for religious purposes, body

alterations of this sort are rare in the Realms.

Piercings that use bone fragments for adornment

are seen among humans, dwarves, gnomes, and

halflings in Chult, and among serpentfolk. Com-

mon places for these types of adornments are the

ear, the lower jaw, and the forearm. These bone

pieces are usually shaped and polished into little

figurines or tooth-shapes marked with luck runes.

In the case of arcane spellcasters, the bones

themselves can serve as material components for

necromantic spells, and the runes they bear can

have magical uses.

Hair Fashion

In the Heartlands, the majority of men have facial

hair, in a wide variety of styles, though generally

only barbarian tribes attribute status or vigor to

the length of a mans beard. In Calimshan and

the South, hair is often oiled or perfumed to keep

it smelling nice and free of bugsa practice that

tends to get sneered at in the North. Other than

that, all fashions prevail. Aside from any local in

this particular royal court custom, theres no

such thing as a fashionableor unfashionable

sort of beard.

In general, eastern and southern men in the

Realms tend to shave their chins bare and grow

long mustaches, side-dagger long sideburns

(also called daggerboard), and the like. North-

ern men tend to have full beards, kept either long

or short as profession, daily safety, and practical-

ity dictate. Longer lipspike (Van Dykes and

longer) beards are most common in the Vilhon

and the Shining South.

Many minor magics and truly effective (if ex-

pensive) ointments exist for altering hair color and

stimulating hair growth, sometimes at astonish-

ing speeds such as inches per day. These all have

long and fanciful names like Embelders Effica-

cious Divine Dew. Collectively, hair products

that change color or cause hair growth go by the

name of thurdrixes. The use of one can swiftly

and markedly alter a persons appearance. There

are drinks reputed to affect hair growth, but most

such are useless.

Skilled barbers (as opposed to hairdressers) are

rarer than they might be, principally due to the

fact that many family members cut each others

hair crudely, as needed, or even shorten hair by

the backwoods method of soaking it in mud at the

desired length, and burning off the hair beyond

the muddy part. Body hair is often trimmed or

removed, particularly in the South, by oiling and

then scraping the body, and unsightly hairs are

often plucked out.

The presence or absence of beards and their

styles in the Realms is not linked to class, wealth,

nobility or royalty, or any other status. The closest

Realms beard fashions have to evoking status is

their adoption by minor religious fashions and the

passing popularity of a populace adopting beards

like that of a popular leader (such as Azoun IV of

Cormyr).

HEARTH AND HOME

99

Both of these pages contain rough sketches of mine that were a response to a prototype sketch for the cover of the Realms boxed set (what

is now often called the Old Gray Box, or sometimes FR0). So the poses of the male and female characters come from that sketch. I was

asked to make sure the costumes looked Realmsy, so I was trying to shift them from a hot climate/abbreviated brass/Conan-Frazetta-

like look to closer to what I saw as right for what Jeff Grubb dubbed the Heartlands of the Realms. More Robin Hoody, please.

100

Chapter 3

Thanks to years of superb plays at the Stratford (Ontario) Festival, and the bill of largely Shakespearean plays put on there, I grew up

seeing all sorts of Hellenic, medieval, Renaissance, and fanciful costumes up close and in the flesh, so I knew what looked like the

Realms to me. Note the mention of the still-unpublished Realms short story To Slay a Black Raven, which tells how Mirt and Durnan

and Florin Falconhand helped Randal Morn reclaim Daggerdale from the Zhents Lord Malyk. Four wisecracking heroes rode in . . .

HEARTH AND HOME

101

4

102

If kings are the brains and the brawn of the body

of Faern, the ones who determine borders, start

wars, and decree laws, then merchants and the

trade they foster are its beating heart and arter-

ies. Merchants (and money) determine whose

throne is gold and whose is made of sticks bound

together. In the words of the sage Calathra Lady

Coinmaster Mralahard of Athkatla, Flows of

coins are like the pumping blood of dragons

where they are hot and thick, life is vigorous, but

where they are cold and few, life is feeble.

To bards and other tale-tellers, intrigues are

thickest in the courts of rulers. But the truth is

that most intrigues are smaller, more sordid, and

more concerned with trade deals made in back

rooms, bribery, and favors done and returned.

As King Palaghard II of Cormyr once fa-

mously said, Coins are what matter. And to

earn coins, one needs roadsor the love of Um-

berlee. Because storms at sea during his reign

made shipping an unreliable source of commerce,

to guarantee prosperity for Cormyr he had to

build, maintain, and patrol the roads, so mer-

chants would prefer to ship by caravans, through

his kingdom. This state of affairs is still true; in

many lands, the respect that rulers receive from

N

I

D

E

T

K

R

A

M

merchants depends on light taxation, little op-

pression, and good roads.

Of course, taxes can only be paid if you have

coin. Most folk would be wounded or worse try-

ing to steal or seize coin, so they must work for it.

Everyone who doesnt hunt for food needs a daily

dose of income just to pay for meals and drink.

Even the luckiest of adventurers will from time to

time see the real need for a day job.

Work, and income, underlie everything in a soci-

ety. No, that food on the table didnt just arrive by

magic. (If it had, you wouldnt be able to afford it.)

WORK FOR ALL

Daily existence in the Realms involves hard work

for almost everyone. In rural areas, this work

tends to be primarily a matter of survival, such

as getting food, water, and fuel enough to last

through the next winter. The reward for such

work is the food, water, and fuel thus gathered.

In urban areas, on the other hand, work is not di-

rectly related to survival, and it usually takes the

form of effort compensated by income.

Suzails Labor Force

A look at Suzail in Cormyr serves to illustrate

what sorts of jobs are considered paid living in

a typical capital city in the Realms.

Lots of poor citizens dwell near the docks

at Suzails western end. Many of them work as

dockhands (casual day laborers, loading and un-

loading cargo) or repairers and makers of simple

household wares (pottery, cutlery, tools, stools,

benches, and the like). Others make a living

through illicit trade (forgery, drugs, or smuggled

goods). Such urban poor, known as hardhands,

lowlives, or graspers, make up about twenty per-

cent of citizens.

A step up in income and respectability are the

commoners. This group includes the maids and

independent house servants who work in mid-

dle- and upper-class homes cleaning, cooking,

fetching things, and generally acting decorative.

It also includes most shop assistants, who restock

goods, fetch and carry, and sweep up. They might

or might not be well fed or well treated, but they

are underpaid and do not enjoy stable employ-

ment. These laborers make up about forty-five

percent of citizens.

Above commoners are journeymen, trusties,

and fairhands (skilled casual laborers). These are

the governesses, really superb cooks, mercenaries,

bodyguards, excellent seamstresses, skilled smiths

recently arrived from other lands, and so on.

They are highly sought after, and so command

good wages and stable employment. They make

up about eight percent of Suzails inhabitants, and

are middle class.

The next social rank up is the middle class

proper, sometimes referred to as burghers

but usually just citizens, meaning the speaker

thinks of these folks as the residents who matter.

These are the shopkeepers, landlords, investors,

crafters, and shippers. Guild members are in

this group. Thanks to Suzails size and wealth, it

makes up about twenty-five percent of the citys

inhabitants.

This leaves roughly two percent of folk who

form the upper class: courtiers, the wealthiest

merchants (who often aspire to nobility), and no-

bility (highborn in polite terms, or highnoses

less politely).

In a city thats not a capital, all three of these

upper-class elements are less numerous, and

crafters might outnumber shopkeepers.

DAY JOBS FOR

ADVENTURERS

To some extent, the DUNGEONS & DRAGONS game

has always been an escape from daily life. A

chance to be more glamorous, beautiful, skilled,

important, dashing, and truly heroic than we are

in reality.

Yet that doesnt mean D&D should be fast-

action clowning in which any behavior is allowed

and theres no risk or opposition. The world must

be a challenge, and the deeds of the characters

should have the power to really change their

world, to foster hope and improve lives and do

things of lasting importance.

Which all sounds very grandbut how? If

being an adventurer is simply a matter of chop-

ping apart a dark-hearted tyrant on a throne, or

slaying a fearsome dragon, what happens after

you do that?

Oddly, it comes back to daily, real-world

conditions (such as needing to work to have

enough money for food and a place to live) and

MONEY MATTERS

103

competencies (such as acting decisively, mak-

ing good decisions, building friendships, and

networking).

Lets have a look at day jobs for adventurers in

the Realms, starting with the obvious ones.

Many adventurers have the skills to read-

ily land more mundane, less dangerous work as

bodyguards, caravan guards, drawn-dagger

agents (the polite term for a spy, hired killer, or

outside-the-law facilitator, usually for a wealthy

patron or a guild), or envoys (when such a post in-

volves perilous journeys or negotiations in which

intimidation is likely). Guard duty (of a person,

property, or place) is common winterbound

work for adventurers.

Yet some wayfarers seeking work are more cre-

ative, and not always in ways that involve breaking

the law. In general, if a job is dangerous, unpleas-

ant, or exactingand the hirer wants discretion,

absolute secrecy, or loyaltythe rewards are high.

Grave digging, for instance, is poorly paid and

unglamorous in some places, but very well paid in

others. Working in the sewers in Waterdeep (be-

cause its guilded work, and highly dangerous to

boot) is well paid, but unpleasant. Stonemasonry

concerned with fortifications (castle and wall re-

pairs; shoring up vaulted cellars; and mining to

enlarge cellars, tunnels, and privy chutes) is gen-

erally underappreciated, but is always well paid.

Every city has to decide how to dispose of ex-

crement, and sewers seldom work well unless

theyre flushed by streams and not subject to tidal

flooding (a problem in most ports). Because of

this, many placessuch as Suzail, in the king-

dom of Cormyr, and Athkatla, in the kingdom of

Amnhave night-soil or dung wagons that col-

lect chamber-pot refuse from the populace (1 cp

per pot) and cart these collections out of town to

be dumped on fields where they are mixed with

straw and left to rot down into compost. More

than a few dung carters have smuggled items

and even peopleout of cities under the noisome

heaps in their wagons, for payment of a lot more

than a wagonload normally earns them.

Animal training (and monster capturing,

which is almost always adventurers work) tends

to be low in status but well compensated. So,

for that matter, is finding and bringing back

rare plants or unhatched eggs for herbalists and

alchemists.

Painting and plastering palaces and nobles

mansions, styling hair, and sewing and custom

fitting fine garments for nobility are also generally

unglamorous but well-paid lines of work. In some

communities, smiths, plumbers, and slaughterers

(butchers) are paid well for their work. So are bed

nurses for royalty and nobility, particularly those

who bathe, tend, and guard the mad or the long-

term afflicted . . . and royal or noble tasters, who

sample the food and drink of important persons

to take the fall for them in cases of bad cooking or

murderous malice.

A lesser-known line of work that pays well is

writing love letters, job applications, and deli-

cate apologies on behalf of noble, royal, or merely

wealthy patrons. In short, a scribe who poses as

another person, writing for that person and keep-

ing both the writing task and the contents of what

was written utterly secret. A variant on this kind

of work (believed to be the source of one court

ladys fortune, some centuries ago in Cormyr) is

writing lust tales or heartwarms (flowery ro-

mance) intended for the eyes of one royal patron

only (and sometimes written to order, using real

individuals as characters). A few bards secretly

hire others to write their jokes, and conversely

more than a few royalty and nobility employ bards

to write ballads and witty poems they can claim

as their own.

Rooftop Climbing

Suzail is typical of busy cities across the Heart-

lands and the Sword Coast, and so can serve as

an example of these risky professions. Even where

guilds exist to perform roofing or chimney re-

pairs, falls and injuries are frequent occurrences,

so hiring casual hands to fill out a crew is like-

wise frequent.

Fog is more rare in Suzail than in many other

port cities because of the prevailing breezes.

Strong winds are rare, except during out-and-

out lashing storms, though they do occur. Rain is

frequent, though it tends toward brief, vigorous

downpours followed by clear skies, not gray day

after gray day weather. In winter, wet snowfalls

are common.

Most of the buildings in central Suzail (exclud-

ing the dock warehouses, the military bases, the

westernmost hovels, and the mansions north of

the Promenade) are stone or brick structures (or

104

Chapter 4

older stone patched with newer brick) that rise

three to four floors above the street and have

steeply pitched roofs to shed snow and rain. Bal-

conies are found on upper floors, outside the

reach of thieves ladders, spires are relatively rare,

and theres a recent fashion for installing glass

skylights (three panes thick, for strength). Most

buildings have tile or slate roofs (wooden shingles

are still found, but they rot swiftly, tend to leak,

and offer rooftop clamberers very spongy foot-

ing), a decorative repeating ironwork pattern

along the roofs peak that can be used to anchor

safety ropes while doing roof repairs, and cor-

ner downspouts. A climber should not depend

on these downspouts to support much weight

as climbing ladders, nor should one swing from

them (which risks crashing down with the spout

tearing away and coming down alongside). In a

storm, beware: Lightning rods are increasingly

popular, and are found at both ends of a peaked

roofconnected directly to the downspouts.

Dormers are common architectural features,

as are rooftop window box gardens for herbs and

pipeleaf attached to them. Dormers with the

windows open are used for hot-weather sleeping,

rather than lying out on the open roof (because

level areas on roofs are too rare and too small for

this practice to be safe or popular). Trapdoors

are found on almost all roofs, but are sealed

from below with gum or pitch to prevent leak-

ing, and barred shut. Rooftop clamberers should

not expect to easilyand never stealthilyforce

entrance into the building below by means of a

trapdoor. Laundry does often get strung from bal-

conies or high windowsill spars to similar features

on adjacent buildings, but is rarely hung above

roofs (except in the aforementioned westernmost

hovels), and very few roofs are well lit at night.

A daring and agile being can use a long se-

quence of rooftops as a highway of sorts; the small

gaps between buildings allow for such travel in

many routes throughout the city. Climbing down

from a building when you run out of roof can be

deadly difficult in wet weather. In hot weather,

open shutters and the like often lessen the severity

of a fall or a jump from a rooftop by breaking the

descent into stages, allowing someone to slow his

or her fall by making snatch-grabs (snatching

at things on the way past, then letting go before

dislocating an arm). Leaping down into a wagon is

all too popular a practice (thought to be preferable

to simply hitting the ground), but usually ends

in severe injury for the jumperand, of course,

damages the wagon and its contents as well.

The traditional method of descent used by

thieves in Suzail uses long coils of oiled cord. One

end of a coil goes around a chimney (chimneys

are abundant) or a roof-peak decoration, and the

other wraps around the thiefs body so that he or

she can use a body belay to unwind the coil as

slowly as possible to lessen the rate of fall. Even

if the cord ends up breaking under the thiefs

weight, the resultant fall is from a lower eleva-

tion than the roof. If the cord suspends the thief

all the way down, so much the better; or the thief

touches down, cuts the cord, and vanishes into

the night with the remainder of the coil (so it can

be used for the next descent).

Burials

Grave digging is backbreaking, often unpleasant,

widely feared work. (Temple influence keeps this

from being guild-exclusive work, in most places.)

The written or publicly expressed desires of

the dead are considered paramount, so a few ec-

centrics have been buried in their own cellars or

in various odd places, in accordance with their

stated-before-death requests. Devout persons

with coin enough and a life of good character

(whose families dont express wishes to the con-

trary or refuse to pay) are interred by temples.

In this case, the ceremony, preparation, and in-

terment is all done by priests, who prepare the

body in such a way as to prevent undeath (or at

least make rising into undeath unlikely). Such

interments are in crypts in the temple proper if a

sufficient donation is made, in a common temple

crypt for a lesser donation (or for deceased priests

and temple workers), and in a plot on consecrated

temple grounds for the less wealthy.

Faiths not well represented by local clerics fre-

quently establish their own burial sites. These are

often small, boulder-walled rectangles of ground

with lots of mature trees to provide shade.

Unknown decedents, the homeless, and out-

laws tend to get buried in waste ground that is

fairly close to a settlement but well away from

streams and marshes. Those who were diseased

or poisoned or tainted by necromancy are burned

in an outdoor pyre, and their ashes are interred in

a regular grave.

MONEY MATTERS

105

Outlaws and Bounty Hunters

Some hired adventuring bands go rogue and de-

cide to keep the lands and properties they seize

for their own. Once this activity is discovered, the

perpetrators are denounced to local rulers, who

usually declare such bands outlaw (unless they are

bands who are covertly working for those same

rulers) and send other adventuring bands out to

deal with them.

In 1400 DR, a shift in public attitude toward

bounty hunters began. In that year, the Masked

Lords of Waterdeep issued a decree known as the

Tarnsmoke Proclamation (after the wronged mer-

chant Lorigo Tarnsmoke, but publicly referred to

as hardhand justice), by which it became legal

in Waterdeep and its patrolled environs to hire

bounty hunters (usually adventurers, but some-

times out-of-work caravan guards or sellswords)

to go after outlaws whom you see as having

wronged you. These bounty hunters attempt to

get your property back or at least eliminate the

outlaws and so repay the debt in blood before

the gods. This practice became very popular

over the next decade, and is now legal in most

places along the Sword Coast, though many faiths

still frown on it.

Blood for Coin: Mercenaries

True loyalty takes time to build, and loyal soldiers

vary widely in fighting capabilities, so truly dedi-

cated fighters in the corps are always too few for a

leaders liking.

Building a professional standing army takes

time, both for combat training to be honed to an

edge and for mental discipline to become iron-

clad tradition. It also takes the right environment,

usually an ordered, law-abiding land, such as

Cormyr, and a lot of coins. Monetary costs must

be borne even in peacetime, which is one reason

why some rulers get so aggressive about border

patrols and expansion, reasoning that If Im pay-

ing for these sword swingers, Im going to use

them! and If they sit idle, someone may use

them against me, or some might get dangerous

ideas about their own capabilitiesso lets keep

them busy, by the gods! Besides, their aggressive

vigilance will keep any citizens from daring to op-

pose me in anything.

For everyone else in the Realms, who are prob-

ably poorer and who dont need an army all the

time but might pressingly need one right now,

mercenaries are the answer. Leaders use their

best, most loyal fighters as personal bodyguards

and generals, and turn to hireswords for the

bulk of their fighting force. (Hireswords are also

known as sellswords, though this term is more for

individuals and impromptu bands, whereas hire-

swords are well organizedwith ranks, insignias,

or even uniformschartered companies.)

Mercenaries are particularly suited to raiding,

pillaging, and wild charging attacks, activi-

ties they enjoy and ones in which breakdowns

in discipline wont matter as much as, say, when

withstanding a siege or holding a vital pass.

A reputation for unreliability inevitably clings

to mercenaries, because saving their own skins

usually trumps dying for a cause. Its not their

own homes and families theyre fighting for

although their self-respect, their prospects for

continued employment, and their standing with

Tempus all demand they fight well.

Those same societal pressures make mercenar-

ies trustworthy in limited ways. Most patrons who

hire them dont have to worry about said hirelings

double-crossing them in the midst of a battle, be-

cause hired blades bloodsworn to one side in

a conflict dare not switch sides. Even if they are

captured or offered more money, they must sit out

as neutral, usually withdrawing from the battle-

field to keep from having to fight on the wrong

side in self-defense, and departing the region of

the conflict to avoid being imprisoned by whoever

captured them. When proper prisons or soldiers

enough to garrison them are lacking, captured

hireswords are often put on a boat to a far, fair

port to keep them at sea for a month or more.

Mercenaries also dare not switch sides because

heralds and priests of Tempus would proclaim

their deeds to everyone, so no one would hire

them thereafter. Even if such turncoats change

their names, trudge halfway across the Realms,

assemble into different groups, and start over,

they might still be recognized and scorned. Those

who are not shunned outright can most often find

work only as dullblades.

Dullblades are inexperienced, untested, or un-

trustworthy muscle sent on the most dangerous

assignments and deemed expendable. They are

paid the bottom rate: 1 cp a day plus two daily

106

Chapter 4

This doughty quartet of mercenaries has seen its share of action but is always looking for morebecause, of course, the pays the thing.

meals, a bed blanket, and wound-dressinga

wash and bandagesif needed. If adventurers are

not known to be capable and accomplished com-

batants, they are hired on as dullblades.

At the other end of the salary scale, employers

can expect to pay as much as 25 gp per day per

soldier for skilled individuals, such as nightblades

(commandos) and sappers, who can build bridges

and plant bombs covertly and while under heavy

attack.

Standard mercenary rates are 1 gp per day plus

three meals with drink, provision of a tent and a

new pair of boots, and a bonus (usually 5 gp) for

every major battle won, such as the seizure of a

city.

The commander of a mercenary force is paid

a large negotiated amount for expenses upon

hiring, a 1,000 gp bonus for the achievement of

agreed-upon objectives, and a large negotiated

fulfillment fee when the ultimate objective is

achieved. Such payments are made to surviving

soldiers and never to the kin of the fallen (except

by fellow comrades-in-arms, out of personal

sentiment).

Very few employers of mercenaries dare to try

to get out of paying them by having them slain

(either by attacking them with other friendly

forces or by sending them to or leaving them in

an impossible battlefield situation). Heralds and

priests of Tempus witness the signing of such

agreements, retain copies, and will proclaim

against those who betray such agreements on the

altars of the Wargod and publicly, meaning no

one would work with them and Tempus would

frown on their battle fortune.

From Chessenta eastward and southward, and

east and south of Raurin, the situation is slightly

different. Mercenaries, like royalty and nobility

everywhere in the Realms, have a ransom price

that their families or treasuries pay if they are

captured. So if you capture a king, a lord, or the

head of a mercenary company, you can slay, exile,

maim, or enslave that person if you can square

such treatment with local laws and with the gods,

or imprison him or heror you can demand a

MONEY MATTERS

107

D

N

A

L

G

N

E

E

N

Y

A

W

ransom, and when you receive it, return your

quarry safely home. The gods and the heralds

frown on those who collect a ransom and then de-

liver a mistreated, near-death captive, or free the

victim far from home in dangerous territory so

that he or she could well be recaptured and ran-

somed again.

An old Faernian saying runs, Spring is for

planting and getting stuck in mud, summer is for

loving and fighting, fall is for harvesting and get-

ting stuck in mud, and winter is for shivering,

cursing, and starving. Mercenaries in winter,

not fighting season, without a local war to

wage, as well as disgraced and untried swords for

hire, are often employed by merchants as body-

guards, cargo loaders and unloaders, and guards

for warehouses, shops, cargo, and wagons. Such

jobs are negotiated on an individual basis, but

merchants typically dont offer much below the

common minimum of 3 sp per day. In addition,

pay usually includes one light and one square,

meaning two meals, the evening meal being the

large or square one; decent shelter, implying

some privacy, a bed, and warmth; and vacation,

which is almost always a tenday on, then two days

off on a repeating cycle.

From the 1350s DR onward, the hitherto ever-

larger mercenary companies (such as the famous

Flaming Fist) began to dwindle and disappear.

By the mid-1360s DR, most standing companies

consisted of a charismatic leader plus a staff of

four to six trusted battlefield officers, command-

ing forty mounted and fully armored fighters,

with a handful of veteran trainers (often sorely

wounded oldsters) training a reinforcements force

of twenty-odd copper-a-day hopefuls.

A few of these smaller companies are detailed

below. Most such groups formed in the 1350s

DR, then found their reputations rising a decade

later because they were left standing when other

forces had disbanded.

The Bold Blades of Berdusk: Commanded

by the Sorceress with a Sword Dauntarra Hel-

gorhand, based in Berdusk and widely believed to

be riddled with Harpers.

Sammarths Swords: Led by the much-

scarred warrior Mad Madreth Dorl, based in

Scornubel and considered vicious.

The Ready Gauntlet: Commanded by the

self-styled Lord Argreth Harhawk, an effete

half-elf highly skilled with a sword; based in

Saradush and considered the ultimate profession-

als at playing politics.

The Retired Adventurer

Few adventurers survive long enough to suc-

cumb to the infirmities of old age. Others

choose not to, instead striding lightly clad into

a blizzard or provoking an armed brawl they

have no hope of winning. Many who do survive

are disabled in ways that limit the professions

they can undertakeruling out, say, becom-

ing weapon trainers or guides for younger

adventurers.

Many ex-adventurers find somewhere warm

enough to sleep under the stars the year through,

and take to frequenting taverns and selling em-

broidered tales of the heroics of their younger

days, directions, and maps (however fanciful) to

younger adventurers.

A few retain enough skill to become expert

weapon sharpeners, or eyes and ears spies for

rulers or other organizations. Some become de-

spairing, or uncaring, enough to hire themselves

out to be experimented upon by alchemists, nec-

romancers, wizards, and makers of scents.

Then there are the truly desperate, those

wholl try anything for a chance at having their

youthful vigor restored, or a new life in a new

body (perhaps that of a monster, or an automa-

ton, or even the sentience of an enchanted sword).

Everybody knows that some sorely wounded

and pain-wracked elderly haveby the grace of

the gods or through fell magicgained new lives.

The mightiest priests of Tempus transfer the

minds of great heroes into swords, and into suits

of armor worn by temple guards, so such steel can

reason and speak advice. A handful of the walking

suits of armor popularly known as helmed hor-

rors, animated in secret by very powerful clerics

and wizards, house the most valiant warriors their

creators could find.

Ostur Oldbuckles Olbrawvyn of Scornubel

was a legless man dragging himself along on a

cart with crutches one mornand by that very

night had become the brains of a wizards mighty

dragon steed, transformed and melded into the

body of a crazed, nigh-mindless wyrm hatchling.

Varendur Zhal of Tashluta gambled his lands,

horses, belongings, and left arm away in games

of chance with the senile Brothers Torlaene of

108

Chapter 4

his city, but in the end won a potion that made

him young and strong and restored his arm, so he

could live life anew. So it can happen!

Less dramatic but more successful is the sort

of retirement managed by the veteran mercenary

Harondus Sardgard. He wanted a little ease, and

a far lower public profile than the infamous Mirt

the Moneylender or the famous Durnan of the

Yawning Portal. So he kept up his contacts in the

sword-swinging business for protection, sank his

coin into rental properties all over Waterdeep, and

lived in one of his own buildings, on all the rents

coming in. There are scores more like himand

they are the greatest source of treasure tales, bat-

tle wisdom, and distant contacts in Faern.

GUILDS

The official trade organizations collectively

known as guilds are by nature specific to a trade

or a group of (usually closely related) trades, and

are almost always found in cities. Over time,

many of them tend to sit in unofficial opposition

to the local rulers and nobility.

Shelves of books could be written detailing the

deeds, internal intrigues, and unfolding histories

of the guilds of Faern. The guilds of the city of

Waterdeep are infamous across the Realms for

their abundance, their ongoing squabbles, and

their investments and sideline dealings outside

the City of Splendors. Over the centuries, guilds

have had a lot of influence over trade customs,

other guilds, local laws and regulations, and the

way things are done all over the Heartlands.

Most guilds have heraldry, badges, and col-

ored wax seals of inspection they stamp on goods.

These change with bewildering rapidity, often to

denote dating and therefore old goods, or to try

to foil fraudsters who have gained or duplicated a

seal stamp.

Suzail, the capital of Cormyr, is home to a

smaller number of guilds than Waterdeep and in

that respect is more typical of cities across the

Realms. These guilds should prove a good model

that can be modified for other cities.

Guilds in Cormyr have far less power and

wealth than in Waterdeep, and are far friendlier to

authorities. They operate only in Suzail and the

lands immediately around the city (on the south-

ern or Suzail side of the Starwater River, plus

Hilp but minus Marsember). Thanks to the re-

bellious histories of Arabel and Marsember, most

guilds have trade agents and observers in both of

those cities, but no real power or organization.

This is reinforced by the traditional resistance

of nobles to anyone, even the Crown, meddling

unnecessarily in life, customs, and matters befall-

ing on their landswhich covers much of the

countryside.

Guilds in Cormyr perform the following func-

tions, for the benefit of themselves and their

members.

1. They publicize rosters of their members in

good standing, intimating that all do work of the

best standard, and agreeing that members shall

not hesitate to repair or maintain any item that is

the work of another member. This means a guild

member will never tell a would-be customer:

Pooh! I cant fix that! Utter trash; hurl it away

and buy one of mine! Most guilds secretly try

to fix prices by agreeing on a going rate for cer-

tain goods or services that members arent bound

to, but which they will refer to when negotiating

with clients. They do not have the legal right to

set prices or even standards. They do have almost

complete control over who qualifies for member-

ship, dues, and the local conduct of the trades

they represent.

2. They agree on approved glues, finishes, and

other materials. Sometimes, guilds also approve

of suppliers for their materials, as well aswhen

members desireprocuring supplies in bulk to

get discounted prices for members. Nonmembers

who buy raw supplies from guild members are

charged a markup over standard street prices.

3. They provide warehousing or materials stor-

age facilities for members. Most guild charters

provide for immediate emergency storage for

members who have been burned out of their own

facilities or otherwise prevented from using them.

In addition, most guilds secretly provide one or

more hidden locations not officially owned by or

linked to the guild for members to temporarily

stash goods, themselves, or apprentices who are

wanted by the law or who are being hunted by

personal foes.

4. They maintain, with the agreement of the

royal court, precise and public definitions of ob-

jects, sizes, and amounts used by guild members

in their trade. This ensures that one members

firkin or ell is the same as anothers.

MONEY MATTERS

109

5. They support indigent retired guild mem-

bers, usually by a monthly measure of grain, ale,

and meat or fish, or a few coins in lieu of such

supplies. For instance, 12 gp is the monthly mu-

nificence wage paid by the Guild of Coachlars,

Carriers, Waymen, and Locksters, but the Sea-

farers Guild doles out only 8 gp. Some guilds

maintain an old bones lodge for retired guild

members, which sometimes take in nonmembers

for stiff fees to support the care of the retired

guild members, who are charged little or nothing.

6. They offer money changing and money-

lending services to members in need at set rates

(always lower than market) agreed upon at guild

meetings. Most guilds also provide secure money

storage for members, who often prefer such si-

lent storage to banking their coins with the royal

court, enabling tax collectors to take note of the

amounts of funds specific individuals handle.

7. They provide guild members as observers

when caravans arrive for fairs at Jesters Green,

elsewhere around Hilp, or south of the Starwater,

as well as when ships unload at the docks in Su-

zail. In fact, they insist on guild members being

present in order to see what cargoes are arriving,

in which containers, where they are intended to

be sold, and to whom. This supervision allows the

guilds to see if everything adheres to regulations

as well as gives them a day or so of warning on

price fluctuations.

Guilds in Cormyr also unofficially perform a

lot of other functions, from investing members

profits to engaging in (or hiring others to per-

form) arson, vandalism, or theft against rivals.

All guilds lobby against competing outlander

peddlers and ship captains who dont adhere to

court-approved guild measures. Additionally,

guilds quite openly gather information about who

is trading in what sort of goods, and they argue

before the royal court as to which guild should

have a say over a newly introduced product or ser-

vice. For example, the Tanners and Leatherers

Guild and the Guild of Coachlars, Carriers, Way-

men, and Locksters might argue over who has

purview over clip-in harnesses made for attaching

additional draft animals to a coach or a wagon.

Almost every guild charges membership

feesand its apprentices or would-be members

even higher fees. The royal court must be kept

fully informed of fee changes and of member-

ship requirements, and court officers aggressively

investigate all complaints regarding apprentices or

probationary members facing unusual difficulties

in acquiring full membership. The Crown prohib-

its any non-Cormyreans and any Cormyreans of

noble or royal blood from being guildmasters. In

addition, most guilds withhold membership from

persons who dont own land in Cormyr. Crown

law prevents race or gender from having any part

in guild membership rules.

Almost every guild tries to control the profes-

sional behavior of its members in some way, either

through formal rules or through informal secret

edicts and temporary boycotts. For example, No

member of the Vintners and Falconers Guild is

to trade with any member of the Brewers and

Cheesemakers Guild until further notice from the

Grand Hooded Vintner (the guildmaster).

To form a guild, its proponents must first suc-

cessfully petition the Crown. A royal charter is

granted that sets forth membership requirements,

a founding roster of members, a rota of officers,

and the guild rules. It also includes the grant of

a badge or a device (a physical object, such as the

miniature helms mounted on scepters and shop

signs by members of the Armorers) for guild use.

This is not a heraldic grant of arms, though the

Heralds keep records of these badges as well.

Heralds can, of course, separately grant arms to

guilds who desire and pay for a grant. All guilds

are required to keep up-to-date rolls at court and

in their headquarters, recording all changes in

membership, rules, and fees. In this case up-to-

date means must reflect all changes fully and

accurately within a tenday, or face stiff fines and a

mark of censure.

Two marks of censure against any guild means

an automatic War Wizard investigation of all

guild activities, taxes, and finances. Six marks

means the guild charter is forfeit. Marks are of-

ficially rescinded after an investigation is passed,

but are never automatically removed after passage

of time.

Illegal Guilds

Every civilized realm has so-called or self-styled

guilds everyone knows about that are actually ille-

gal organizations regulated only by themselves.

In the case of Cormyr, these outlaw guilds in-

clude the infamous Fire Knives and an endless

succession of small, local thieves guilds that are

110

Chapter 4

inevitably crushed by the War Wizards and the

Highknights but often re-founded. Such illicit or-

ganizations have traditionally held little power in

Cormyr, except in Marsember and in small but

frequent Dragon Coast smuggling operations. In

fact, at any one time, Marsember usually has a

Guild of Marsember rebel organization and three

or four small Guilds of Goodsrunners that adopt

various fanciful names and try to import goods

from Sembia, Westgate, or the Vilhon Reach

without paying taxes or enduring government

inspections. The Crown usually infiltrates and

shatters these false guilds, sometimes hiring ad-

venturers to assist when fighting is expected.

Craft Guilds

Apart from the grand, official high guilds of Cor-

myr, small, local craft guilds are found in every

town and city in Cormyr. Some villages have

fledgling, disorganized craft guilds, and those in

cities are often little more than powerless com-

plaining societies.

A craft guild is a collective of all the various

crafters and shopkeepers in a particular place (as

opposed to just those engaged in a specific profes-

sion), who band together to try to buy materials

in bulk for the sake of lower prices and shipping

costs. The guild also tries to argue taxes down to

a minimum and seeks to establish common work-

ing conditions for its members. The goal of a craft

guild is to eliminate what the weaver Lurdruth

Thaloane of Waymoot recently called unfair ad-

vantages gained by merchants who work family

members, children theyve taken in, and debtors

they have holds over to death in near slavery!

Craft guilds tend to have high-sounding names

such as the Benevolent Muster of Merchants of

Eveningstar, and the Loyal Council of Coinfel-

lows of Espar.

The chief benefits of both the craft guilds and

the high guilds are social. Members can swiftly

spread word among fellow members of prices,

practices, swindles, and other news. This quick

communication aids in cutting down on impos-

tures, false rumors of shortages designed to drive

up prices of materials, and confidence tricks. In

addition, guild members more easily hear which

journeymen are seeking new employment and

which masters are seeking new hires, as well

as which apprentices have acquired real skills.

Information of this last sort opens up alternative

employment opportunities for skilled apprentices,

should their current masters prove unscrupulous

enough to avoid granting them recognition. In

turn, novices can learn who is best at this or that

specialty of guildcraft (the best knife polisher, the

best toolmaker, the crafter whose work is most

fashionable among lavishly spending nobles, and

so on).

High Guilds

These true Cormyrean craft fraternitiesthat

is, organizations of workers largely engaged in

the same specific professionhave been some-

what curbed in powers, hauteur, and fripperies

since their excesses during the time of the Tu-

igan Horde. These excesses included uniforms,

secret handshakes, arcane festivals and rituals,

passing internal laws, advising their members on

which Crown laws to obey and which to flout, and

closely allying with certain noble families who had

their own treasonous agendas for financial gain.

The hitherto-flourishing Bricklayers Guild,

for instance, no longer exists because it became

a front for several noble families plotting to over-

throw the Dragon Throne. Those nobles used the

guild to enrich themselves by smuggling stolen

goods and small valuables, evading taxes, and

hiding valuables inside hollow bricks.

Cormyrs guilds traditionally held little po-

litical power, but were feeling their brawn (as

the Cormyrean expression has it) just before the

arrival of the Tuigan Horde, led by the aforemen-

tioned Bricklayers, the Sculptors and Masons

Guild, and the Guild of Carpenters and Joiners.

The surviving two construction guilds are now

carefully law-abiding. However, flush with the

coin from those aspiring to live in ever-grander

residences and erect ever-fancier follies, they have

learned the value of their work, and they con-

tinue to be locally politically active, pursuing and

guarding their own interests with passion and

manipulative skill.

The Guilds of Cormyr currently recognized in

the Forest Kingdom are detailed below, presented

in roughly descending order of influence.

Sculptors and Masons Guild: Controls

stonework, statuary, quarrying, plastering, mud-

daub, and waterproofing. This guild knows

its true power more than any other. However,

MONEY MATTERS

111

For centuries, kings and ruling lords with their armies and hired wizards shaped the Realms. Now the merchants want their turnand

they will take it one purchased throne at a time, if need be. The High Guilds of Suzail wont be left behind anymore.

it is also steadfastly loyal to the Obarskyrs for

their striving to maintain a fair and prosperous

Cormyr.

Guild of Carpenters and Joiners: Controls

wood cutting, curing, staining, furniture making,

fitted carpentry, and joinery. This is a wealthy,

energetic, into everything (such as new styles

of coffers, chairs, and stools) guild. Its also frac-

tious; the guildmaster faces almost constant

challenges to his authority from what he calls

pompous fat little trumpet-mouths who think

they can do a better job of running the guild.

Armorers Guild: Controls armor- and

weapon-making, plus the making of tempered

tools from sewing needles to tiny gears and cogs.

This guild is watched by the War Wizards to pre-

vent any noble from equipping a private army

without the Crowns knowledge. Members resent

this scrutiny even as they accept its necessity.

Guild of Coachlars, Carriers, Waymen,

and Locksters: Controls wagon makers and

wagon owners, locksmiths, coachlars (coach

drovers), carters (those who operate local delivery

wagons), and draymen (deliverers and loaders of

ships at the docks, on wagons everywhere, and

in warehouses). Locksters is the Dragon Reach

term for owners and guardians of warehouses.

Rampant ambition within the Coachcowls, as

most of Cormyr calls this guild, was curbed by

the War Wizards and the Highknights in the wake

of the battles against the Tuigan Horde.

Truebreeds Guild: Controls trade in horses,

oxen, sheep, cattle, guard dogs, and sheepdogs,

as well as the breeding, care, and sale of all kept

beasts. This guild is an often fractious group of

ranchers. Due to offers from Sembia, Westgate,

and certain Cormyrean nobles wanting exotic

guardians or pets, the guildmaster is privately

considering breaking the guild rule that Van-

gerdahast forced on his now-dead predecessor

Belivaerus Daethul: Members of the Truebreeds

would never attempt to crossbreed species nor

make any use of magic enabling features of one

112

Chapter 4

E

L

S

I

L

E

B

C

I

R

E

beast to be added to another. Or, more simply,

theyd never try to make monsters.

Seafarers Guild: Includes sailors, captains,

fleet owners, navigators, mapmakers, ropers (the

local name for rope makers), sail makers, ship-

wrights, and ship repairers. Interests in Sembia

and Westgate frequently try to bribe these guild

members to aid and abet smuggling and even

slave running. Under the guildmasters firm, dili-

gent hand, this guild is courteous, abides by both

guild and Crown laws, and cultivates a trustwor-

thy, stolid, reliable, no changes, please image.

Vintners and Falconers Guild: Controls fal-

conry, raptor breeding and trading, wine making,

vineyard owning and tending, wine blendings,

and sales. Many guild members are flamboyant

revelers and hedonists who consider a fun-loving

lifestyle the proper aim and achievement of a suc-

cessful life. Because the falconers and the vintners

of Suzail aspired to serve the same noble clientele,

they were the first to join ranks and form a guild.

Their success led to the other anvil-and-flower

(the Realms term for chalk-and-cheese) com-

bined disparate-trades guilds.

Brewers and Cheesemakers Guild: Made

up of brewers, spirits blenders and importers, and

cheesemakers. The guilds headquarters, called

the Caskhouse, often hosts days-long drinking

revels for members (and one guest each).

Roofers, Thatchers, and Glaziers Guild:

Made up of roofers, slate masons, shingle cutters,

thatchers and thatch cutters, glaziers, sandglass

makers, and glass stainers.

Tanners and Leatherers Guild: Composed

of tanners, leather dyers, glovers, corvisers (boot-

and shoemakers), cobblers, harness makers, battle

leatherers (makers of leather armor and under

armor), trimmers (who sew leather trim to gar-

ments), weatherdarrs (makers of leather caps,

hats, deep-snows leggings, and weather-cloaks),

and leatherwork repairers and alterers.

Guild of Weavers and Coopers: Made up of

coopers, weavers, textile dyers, garment cutters,

embroiderers, clothiers, and drapers (sellers of

draperies and tapestries)

Guild of Naturalists: Controls medicinal,

edible, lubricant, dye-source, and craft-worthy

uses for plant and animal matter, either as dis-

tillates or as solids (and all who work with such

substances, and associated research and vending).

The current Naturalists Guild is more of a sages

debating society than anything else.

TRADE AND

MERCHANT PRINCES

Over the 1200s, 1300s, and 1400s DR, the mer-

chant class rose steadily in size, wealth, and

influence. This class includes the crafters, shop-

keepers, traders, and shippers who produce food

and desired items and get them into the hands

of buyers. The influence of nobles and kings has

waned, except in such cases as they can back up

their authority with wealth. This situation has

led to some unusual alliances and sellings-out.

Wealthy merchants have been elevated to the no-

bility and received lucrative court posts. And in

Waterdeep in the late 1400s DR, noble titles were

sold on the open market to settle the crushing

debts of old-blood nobles.

Over the years, some mercantile terms (such

as coster) have broadened their meanings,

and others (such as priakos) have fallen out of

favor and almost disappeared. However, urban

merchants still fall into several broad categories,

to wit:

First are the crafters, who make things; in

rural areas, crofters dominate this group.

Second are shopkeepers, who sell you what

you need, often brought from afar and gathered

handy in their shops.

Then come traders, who buy and sell, negotiat-

ing prices and determining what shippers covey

around the Realms. Some say traders also ma-

nipulate markets to create false shortages, so as to

raise prices.

Finally there are the shippers, who are the sea

captains and caravan merchants.

The lines between these categories have always

been blurry, thanks to peddlers and caravan mas-

ters who sell as they travel, traders who are also

shippers (many of whom call themselves costers

if they want clients to know they do both), shop-

keepers who are also crafters, and so on.

If you find a sign beside a door that opens

onto a stair leading to upper-floor offices, and

that sign has the word Trading on it, you can

be confident youve found a trader. That trader

is someone who finds particular merchandise for

clients, or finds buyers for a clients wares and

MONEY MATTERS

113

arranges for a shipper to deliver themwhether

halfway across Faern or down the next street.

Some examples of these businesses are Faulkons

Trading in Beregost, Sorkilts Fine Trading in

Everlund, and Donnaturs Trading in Port Llast.

All four sorts of merchants might have ware-

houses, depending on how large the business,

how large the things it sells, and how swiftly those

things get moved into the hands of buyers. For

instance, shipping is hardest and rarest in winter,

when some roads become impassable and most

ports in the Heartlands and more northerly areas

are iced in. So in winter, crafters work long hours

producing things for sale in the next seasonor

to trade with someone nearby for firewood or

food to last them until spring. This season is also

when shippers are most idle, and many of them

hire on as help for crafters, or turn crafter

themselves, making items such as harps, crates,

barrels, furniture, weapons, or tools as a sideline.

Slavery declined from the 1200s DR through

1400s DR everywhere except in Thay. As a result,

with the growth of the merchant class and the

ever-increasing demand for items and produc-

tion of items, labor costs have risen. This state

of affairs led to cutthroat competition in some

placesas well as more piracy, smuggling, and

trade wars between rival merchant cabals. And

these trade wars are not price wars, but include

real violence. In other places, it led to protection-

ism in the form of the rise of guilds and their

influence. Some places, such as Waterdeep, are

large enough to contain both strong guilds and

cutthroat daily trade dealings. An entire land,

Sembia, has risen from being a prosperous farm-

ing breadbasket to a glittering, bustling land of

riches and mercantile pride. From the early 1300s

DR onward, Sembia was known impolitely across

Faern as the land of fat rich merchants.

This prosperity and growth pushed farms out

of the land immediately around growing towns

and cities, which in turn made for ever deeper

carving into the wilderlands to create new farms.

Wild beasts are fewer, foraging is harder, and

forests cover less area than formerly. Druids are

losing power and influence, predatory monsters

come into contact with humans more often,

and as news travels ever faster, people all over

the Realms perceive dangers as becoming more

numerous.

Hence the rise of two professions: factors and

adventurers.

A factor is a trade agent employed as a sales-

man, paymaster, and buyer for someone else. In

rural areas, a factor might be hired from afar, and

might be employed by many people. Factor is a

profession that didnt exist before about 1270 DR,

except in the largest noble or royal households

or courts. Its a high-stress, travel-intensive job

that ages and devours many who hold itunless

they grow very fat and successful, or succumb to

a slayers knife or some other misadventure. The

most infamous factor is Sammereza Sulphontis

of Waterdeep, who spent most of his life travel-

ing far from the city, making deals and working

intrigues to shore up rulers who were friendly to

his tradingand to tear down those who tried to

play tyrant at the expense of merchants, the un-

hampered flow of trade, and the purses of their

citizens. The Realms is familiar with his type, if

not him personally, thanks to oily characters in

many plays, and to the factors who represent no-

bility in markets everywhere.

A few factors have risen to become kingpins

such as the infamous Mirt the Moneylender, who

came to employ dozens of factors of his ownbut

most spend their careers wearing out their boots

and backsides in endless travels, competing with

ever more and ever younger rival factors.

Adventurers are nowadays increasingly prized

or considered useful, where they were once widely

regarded as lawless nuisances little better than

outlawsan attitude encouraged by rulers and

many temples, who disliked the competition to

their lawful authority. People have increasingly

more coin to hire adventurersand at the same

time more need to hire adventurers to protect

their coin.

Factors and up-and-coming merchants need

bodyguardsor at least want bodyguards to im-

press others and to discourage snatch-and-grab

toughs (thieves). The rise of guilds and the ac-

companying inevitable rules, regulations, edicts,

and competition have frustrated many who see

such things as barriers to getting revenge on those

who have bested them. Adventurers, those who

step outside the law or proper behavior, where I

dare not, are seen as the best way to settle scores

or recover stolen (or at least contested) items or

even people (kidnappings are rising, too).

114

Chapter 4

A few of the most often seen glyphs, of many used all over the Realms. Some lore notes: 1. Symbara is an elven mark, now more widely

understood. Drow use it to mean refuge or healing. 2. Beware drow marks with horizontal lines above them; such lines denote false marks,

placed to misdirect the uninitiated. 3. The magic here rune is Halruaan (ancient Netherese, actually; much used before the scattering

among Low Netherese, to warn each other away from wild magic or powerful magic placed among them by archwizards from above).

MONEY MATTERS

115

It was once fashionable among nobles to hire

adventurers to do their dirty work so they could

portray themselves as loyal to the throne and too

civilized to threaten social order and etiquette by

getting personally involved in disputes. (Have

your champion meet my champion, and well set-

tle this with their swords and bloodas we watch,

over wine.) Now, its fashionable among wealthy,

rising merchants to hire adventurers to show

that theyre practically nobility. And of course,

such patrons want to see their adventurers doing

dashing, adventurous deedsboth for entertain-

ment, and to reassure those patrons that theyve

hired capable, true adventurers. Some nobles and

wealthy merchants even hire bards to script pre-

tend or play disputes, which the adventurers of

both sides (all sides, in some of the more confus-

ing cases) act out roles in, complete with moonlit

raids, swordplay along balconies, thrilling chases,

and grand confrontations. Its lucrative work

and a few adventurers even like it.

In recent centuries, the unpredictability of

mercantile matters has meant busier and more

complex lives for most people, and ever more coin

in circulation, driving increasing greed, need, and

opportunities.

As the merchants prayer puts it, All thanks to

Waukeen that we live in such interesting times!

Wealthy Traders

There are two sorts of merchant princes. The

first is very rare in the Realmsroyal princes who

happen to be successful and busy merchants. One

such royal prince and successful merchant is the

self-styled Prince Erendor of Highspires, a new

and tiny kingdom in the eastern Border King-

doms. Another is Prince Galarth Hevedryn, the

son of a bastard son of King Azoun IV of Cormyr,

who has lived all his life in Ormpur, comfortably

far from the Dragon Throne, as a wealthy trader

using his inherited-but-self-augmented riches to

live like royalty.

The second sortcommon-born merchants

who have amassed enough wealth to live like

princes, often acting imperiously and having more

real influence and reach than a real princehas

become numerous indeed in the Realms.

The exalted uppermost ranks of merchant

princes are the fabulously wealthy, whose worth

outstrips any need to engage in ruthless, energetic

daily trading, so they canif they wishfully in-

dulge their every whim.

The current Faernian term for a fabulously

wealthy person is coin mountain, and here are

five such coin mountains, all of whom are inde-

pendent individuals, not rulers.

Stort Melharhammer of Mirabar: This

shield dwarf, a former soldier, is a black-bearded,

honey-voiced, well-groomed trader who acts as a

moneylender, a money changer, and a go-between

for dwarves and visiting ship captains, smoothing

out negotiations. He often engineers false short-

ages so as to increase gem prices for the dwarves,

and always takes a cut of any increase he orches-

trates. Stort is completely amoral and doesnt

drink, and his only forms of enjoyment are watch-

ing elf maidens dance and listening to harp music.

He lives and breathes to scheme, manipulate, and

win the next deal. When he runs out of space in

his underground abode for his accumulated coins

and gems, he pays trusted young dwarves hand-

somely to go and buy him some more property in

Neverwinter, Waterdeep, or Baldurs Gate. As a

result, hes now a landlord of more than a dozen

buildings in each city, though hes never seen any

of them. If he didnt spend money to influence

politics in Luskan and Ruathym so as to prevent

widespread warfare, hed be even richer than

he isunless, as he judges, said warfare would

have hurt trade through Mirabar, and thus cost

him more.

Elmraeda Gondoalyn of Iyrynspire: Gon-

doalyn is the quiet, elegant, shrewd, and aging

rich widow of three wealthy Chessentan mer-

chants, all of whom she loved and none of whose

deaths she had anything to do with. Now gaunt

and frail, she protects her person with some pow-

erful items of magic, mainly ringsthough tales

vary as to which sorts, because she has a large col-

lection. Gondoalyn dwells in Iyrynspire, a castle

in the Chessentan countryside built for her by her

first husband, the shipping merchant Yarlos Mel-

rorn, with a devoted staff and a strong bodyguard

of knights. This bodyguard force is a sixty-

some-strong private army of full-plate-armored

veteran fighters. She entertains herself by watch-

ing others live their lives through her crystal ball

(a magic item that can detect others thoughts).

She lavishes money on her people but spends

little on herself. Her steward, Deln Maerintor,

is a powerful wizard who is devoted to her. Her

116

Chapter 4

wealth increases steadily through the rents from

properties in a dozen cities, and (through several

trading costers) the ownership of over forty trad-

ing caravels. Its rumored (correctly) that one of

the towers of her home is in truth the only pri-

vately owned Halruaan skyship in Chessenta.

Fuorn Fallingstar Avilanter of El-

ventree: This moon elf sorcerer is a seller of

spells and enspelled gems of his own making,

who trades discreetly with rich Sembian buyers

through trusted adventurers of the Dales. A re-

clusive master of disguises, Fuorn wears teleport

rings and makes himself impossible to find for

those who come seeking him. Fuorn spends all

his profits buying up city properties in Yhaunn

and Saerloon by way of agents and largely ficti-

tious Sembian trading companies. He also owns a

few buildings in Suzail and in Teziir, and spends

his free time magically spying on certain humans

he has found by accident. He likes to watch their

intrigues, achievements, and pratfalls, enjoying

their lives vicariously as entertainment in much

the same way that Elmraeda Gondoalyn uses her

crystal ball.

Burnyl Talongar of Phsant: Talongar is

known to most Theskans only as the Lord of

Gems. This unusually tall and thin, taciturn

gem cutter and appraiser secretly acts as a bank

and a sponsor for many merchants throughout

Thesk. His loans and deals are single-handedly

responsible for slowing the spread of the Shadow-

masters influence in the region, but that group

tolerates him because certain senior priests of

Mask owe so much to him that the deity has per-

sonally ordered the Shadowmasters to keep him

untouchedby anyone. Talongar is unaware

of this fact, and simply goes about his business,

which is to make fair deals with everyone and to

adhere to those deals strictly, dealing always with

politeness and honor. As a result, he is trusted

by everyone, gets a lot of business, and grows

steadily wealthier. Operating through sea cap-

tain clients, he regularly invests this wealth in

farms and warehouses in Impiltur, Alaghn, and

Westgate.

Nalune Tassarat of Ormpur: Tassarat is an

aging former escort who throughout her early

life invested her earnings in shady smuggling,

slaving, drug-dealing and thieving. Her invest-

ments earned a lot of coin that in later life she

put into building luxurious pleasure houses and

palatial city towers that she split into rental hous-

ing, floor by floor. The palatial rentals proved

a huge hit with Ormpurrians who werent quite

wealthy enough to own and maintain large man-

sions, but wanted luxury and haughty addresses.

Old Nalune always wanted hidden tunnels and

chambers in her buildings, and made much side-

line coin aiding individuals who needed to go into

hiding for a time, or who wanted to meet pleasure

partners discreetly. Now, in the twilight of her

years, she is increasingly investing in clever trad-

ers from Tharsult and Lantan, sponsoring them

on fair termsand raking in coins as a result. Its

said she sleeps on a bed of cabochon-cut, smooth-

polished rubies, and that she is beginning to

consort with necromancers with an eye to achiev-

ing undeath.

Cabals

Most folk of the Realms will never meet or be

crushed by the actions of a coin mountain. Their

foes, manipulators, and governors of what they

can buy or sell and at what prices, are far more

likely to be merchants of lesser power. That is,

local families and trading companies or just hand-

fuls of ordinary shopkeepers who meet in back

rooms to divide up local markets (Azreth can

sell all the apples he wants, so long as he leaves

the parsnips to me!), fix prices, set availability,

and decide which fellow merchants are welcome,

and who should be ruined and forced out of the

community.

These cabals can be benevolent, buthuman

nature (which is really the nature of most demi-

humans as well) being what it isthey are more

often ruthless. Until one is uncovered and some-

one sees a way to shatter its power or goes to

the trouble of taking it away, a cabal can be very

effective.

Cabals give jobs to each others sons and

daughters and slow relatives, cooperate to buy

up land or vacant shops, and generally arrange

matters to their mutual benefit. Few cabals do

any harm to caravan traders who stop for a night

and sell pots more cheaply than their own mem-

bers doother than to explain away the price

disparity by saying, Those are stolen wares, of

courseor scavenged from the homes of folk who

died of terrible diseases! Yet if an outlander pot

maker tries to settle locally and sell his pots, or

MONEY MATTERS

117

a crofter takes to often walking into town to sell

pots, something bad will happen. The interloper

gets beaten up and robbed by masked outlaws

who are really cabal members or their hirelings,

and if that doesnt settle things, the pot makers

shop or the crofters hut catches fire and burns

down.

All across the Realms, day by day, such sor-

did, local behind-the-scenes dealings govern

life for many. Family ties, secret pacts between

merchants (Boots? Ah, I dont deal in boots no

more; yed best see young Eldro Aldraunth, down

yon street, if its boots ye want!), and the illicit

acts of cabals rule the lives of common folk more

often and more firmly than do distant kings or

lordlings.

All of which leads to more work for adventur-

ers, of courseeither as hired thugs working for

a cabal, or as the only way those under the thumb

of a cabal can strike back at their oppressors.

COINAGE

A bewildering variety of coinage is strewn across

the Realms, with many different local names for

the familiar copper, silver, and gold pieces. There

are triangular coins, square coins, circular coins,

and oval coinswhich are by far the most com-

mon. They are of different metals, and some are

pierced when minted for stringing on rings or

cords. Many other coins are pierced with small

holes by merchants when in use, though very few

are cut in half, since partial coins are seldom con-

sidered to have any value. Decorations on coins

are almost always stamped on their faces, and

edges are left plain. These decorations can be

anything from crude numerals to detailed illustra-

tions, although certain countries tend to cling to

a consistent style, or at least an equivalent artistic

style. Calimshan, Sembia, Amn, Cormyr, Silvery-

moon, and Waterdeep are generally considered to

have the artistically finest coins.

Most coins bear simple devices, usually heral-

dic badges. Some display stylized crowns with a

rulers name underneath, and a few, mainly the

artistically finest coins of valuable denominations,

have lifelike rulers heads impressed on them,

usually in side profile.

In general, Waterdeeps coinage, except for the

harbor moon and the taol (or toal; either name

is correct), is accepted without question all over

the Sword Coast lands, the Sword Coast North,

and offshore from Calimshan north. Coins of

Cormyr and Sembia are considered the regional

standard for the Dragon Coast, the Dragon

Reach, the Vast, the Dales, the Moonsea, and

the Vilhon. The authokh and the bebolt (detailed

hereafter) are common coinage from Chessenta

southward. Common coinage means that a

given coin will be accepted at face value by most

folk. Merchants who travel accept a wider variety

of coinage, but are better at detecting false coins.

The origin of a coin (where it comes from) is

an important factor, as coins from different ori-

gins command different degrees of respect, based

on consistent quality and freedom from counter-

feitingor at least, freedom from counterfeits

using less valuable metal than the originals. Coins

of Amn, Cormyr, Luskan, Mirabar, Sembia, Sil-

verymoon, Tethyr, and Waterdeep are considered

the best-made in Faern and are the most highly

valued in trade. Cormyrean coins are extremely

pure metal, very heavy, and resistant to wear;

Sembian coins are deemed slightly inferior to

Cormyrean coins.

The Authokh and the Bebolt

These currencies are widely used in Chessenta,

the Vilhon, Border Kingdoms, the Tashalar, and

everywhere south of that. They began as the coin-

age of a single city in Chessenta, though exactly

which city has been forgotten.

An authokh (oth-awk) is a square coin stamped

out of delmed silver with a small central hole to

allow it to be strung onto a pay-thong or a wire

loop. Delming is an alloying process that stops sil-

ver from tarnishing by combining it with copper

and certain white metals in precise proportions.

This process has the side effects of turning the

silver a translucent green  and making its surface

incapable of taking a high shine, no matter how it

is polished. On one face, it bears an engraved ring

of twelve leaves encircling the central hole, and on

the other side a ring of twelve radiating daggers.

A bebolt (also called a belbolt, usually short-

ened to bolt) is a thick, heavy gold coin of a

curious shape. A circle with two shallow, match-

ing cut-outs in its edges, a bebolt looks like two

axe-heads fused back-to-back with their curved

blades outermost.

118

Chapter 4

Authokhs and bebolts are accepted in Amn,

Scornubel, and Westgate, but not in Cormyr,

Sembia, the Dales, the Dragon Reach, the

Moonsea, the Sword Coast lands, or Tethyr. In

Calimshan and Waterdeep, an authokh is consid-

ered simply a silver piece, and a bebolt is classed

as a heavy (a gold piece valued at 2 gp rather

than just 1 gp).

Shining Examples

Here follow details of some of the most elaborate,

artistic, and widely esteemed coinage in all of

Faern.

Calaunt: Coins of this city are roughly

stamped-out circles of gold, silver, and copper

with the Scepters sigil on one side and a key on

the other. The sigil is a vertical human right hand

clenched in a fist around a horizontal scepter.

The fingers of the hand are toward the viewer,

and the scepter is a plain metal bar ending in a

four-pointed star at each end. The key is a long-

barreled device etched on the diagonal, with a

two-flange-end at the viewers lower left, and a

three-loop-leaf handle at the viewers upper right.

Behind it are three parallel wavy horizontal lines,

representing waves and Calauntan shipping.

Cormyr: Modern Cormyrean coins bear the

monarchs face and name on one side and a date,

a denomination, and a mint mark on the other.

For nine out of ten coins, this mark is a full-on

bearded, hatless wizards face, referred to as Old

Vangey but meant to represent all War Wizards

and denoting the Royal Mint in Suzail. About ten

percent of coins instead bear two parallel cres-

cent moons, their horns to the dexter. This mark

denote a High Horn minting. The High Horn

fortress has always had a smithy and nearby dun-

geon caverns used to store metals mined in the

surrounding mountains.

Theres been only one minting since the death

of Azoun IV. Rather than an Obarskyrs face,

such Regency coins bear the Purple Dragon

royal arms with five parallel bars on its body.

Older Cormyrean coins (minted in 1290 DR

and earlier) dont bear dates, but instead have a

line saying first minting, second minting,

or the like, in reference to the reign of the mon-

arch under which the coins were issued. There

were eight mintings during the reign of Azoun

IV, but three is the highest count any earlier king

managed.

Sembia: Sembian coins have become more

numerous, thanks to the countrys growing

wealth, size, and ever-soaring mercantile activ-

ity. They tend to be larger but thinner than most

other coinage. All have the arms of Sembia on

one side and, on the reverse, the denomination on

the top of the coin and the date (in DR) curving

around a proof stamp (mint mark) in the mid-

dle. Sembian coins often have a bluish tinge from

being fire-cleaned of the grease they are exposed

to during their stamping. The grease is deliber-

ately cooked into the iron coins to inhibit rust,

and it does a fair, if not foolproof, job.

Westgate: After 1364 DR, Westgate stopped

regularly minting coins for about a decade. As a

result, its already easy acceptance of the coinage

of many lands became entrenched. In Westgate,

almost all outland coin is valued the same way

currency is in most places: by condition, purity

of the metal, size (as pertains to the amount of

metal), and origin. Exceptions are Cormyrean

and Sembian coins; those coins are accepted as

common coinage, just as they are in the Dales,

the Moonsea, the Vilhon, the Dragon Reach, the

Vast, and the Dragon Coast. However, Westgate

also accepts the authokh and bebolt, whereas

those other places do not.

Zhentil Keeps Currency

The Keep has been a trading center from its

founding, and so home to all manner of imported

currency. It also has a good deal of rough-smelted

trade barsa result of the wealth the metal

mines north of the Moonsea pours south through

Zhentil Keep. The Keep has had various local

mintings, most of them rough-edged and irregu-

lar. Zhentil Keep coins usually bear the crude

stamping of a portcullis gate on one side and a

diamond-shaped gemstone on the other.

In the years since the rebuilding of the Keep in

the 1370s DR, a few copper and silver coins and

a lot of gold coins have been minted, as needed

by the Zhentarim to pay their Zhentilar and sup-

pliers. The copper and silver are mere coatings

on iron, deemed worthless by most folk outside

Zhentil Keep. However, the gold coins are made

of the real gleam, a slightly reddish gold found

mainly northeast of Glister (and there are rumors

MONEY MATTERS

119

of vast amounts of the smelted red gold buried

under or near the Citadel of the Raven).

The details that follow apply only to these lat-

ter mintings.

Copper Coin: Square, pierced by a central

hole to allow stringing, the four sharp corners

snipped off. Face side: the Wingless Dragon (a

scaled serpent with a fanciful head) biting its own

tail and curled around a central hole; its head

faces counterclockwise. Obverse: ten tiny four-

pointed stars, encircling the central hole. Known

as a fang in Zhentil Keep and the Dales, but else-

where as a dung piece.

Silver Coin: Triangular, pierced by a central

hole to allow stringing, all corners intact. The

silver usually wears off quickly. Both sides: six

four-pointed stars encircling the central hole.

Known as a talon or a naal (nah-ull; probably a

distortion of the word nail) in the Keep and the

Dales, but everywhere else as a dung-flea bit or

just a flea bit.

Gold Coin: Square, with corners intact and

no central hole. Two parallel sides are concave for

easy grasping by thumbs. Face side: three cren-

elated castle turret tops, the central one slightly

taller than the others. Obverse: the profile of a

wolfs head with its nose to the dexter and with

three drops of tears or blood falling away beneath

it. Known formally as a glory, but called a weep-

ing wolf everywhere, even in Zhentil Keep.

Take My Coin, Sir?

Throughout the Realms, the acceptance of older

or unfamiliar coins depends on their condition

and the metal of which they are made. Gold coins

are accepted everywhere at face value unless they

are broken, unusually small, or obviously impure.

Silver coins that have tarnished to black are sel-

dom accepted, but if they are cleaned without

ruining their markings, theyll probably be ac-

cepted, too. For everything else, folk must go

to a money changer, which is no hardship since

most cities on any coast or major trade route have

several.

The oval, rather than round, shape of many

Faernian coins comes from the comparative ease

of getting oval coins lined up right in wooden

molds for striking their second sides. When the

coins are round, doing so is much more diffi-

cult and takes longer. The striking itself creates

distortion, causing meant-to-be-round coins to be

rejected because theyve ended up oval instead.

So, long ago, most realms just adopted oval as

their standard.

Coins from long-gone lands that have been

drilled, are lighter than todays norm, or less

pure are worth less. In present-day lands, even

for mintings from the reigns of much earlier

kings, the collective will of far-traveling mer-

chants firmly prevails. This influence is the same

reason why outland coins are present and ac-

cepted at all, rather than being melted down for

their precious metal content and refashioned into

something else. The merchants, mainly caravan

traders, want a gold piece from Amn to be equal

to a gold piece from Sembia to help keep every

single merchant from being cheated in every last

transaction.

Slighting coins (shaving them, cutting bits

off, and the like) reduces their acceptability but

not necessarily their value. A merchant might say,

Im not taking that coin, friendfind a real gold

piece in your purse, or the deals off! If a mer-

chant accepts a coin at all, it will be for its stated

face value, except in transactions when both par-

ties privately agree otherwise. For this reason,

contracts sometimes specify to be paid in law-

ful coin of Cormyr, or some other realm or city.

Moreover, coin alterations such as hole punching

and bisecting dont affect the acceptability of the

coin at all when such alteration is done officially

by the realm or a regional ruler.

In effect, the merchants of Faern act in

concertwithout any formal agreement or dis-

cussionsto establish the equivalent of a gold

standard.

Trade Bars

Trade bars are widely accepted because they must

conform closely to a given size and weight to be

accepted at all. They are an easy way to melt

down and reuse suspicious coins, because an ex-

isting trade bar can be pressed into clay to make a

mold for a new trade bar.

A 25 gp trade bar is a brick with rounded

corners of just over an inch thick, three inches

across, and six inches in length. The corners were

not always rounded in the past, but squared cor-

ners broke off too easily, and the unscrupulous

had a habit of deliberately breaking off corners,

120

Chapter 4

so rounded corners became the norm. Calishite

trade barsalso used in Tharsult, Tashluta

and the Tashalar, and other Southern trade

are seven inches long, but both long sides bow

smoothly inward half an inch on each side, mak-

ing the bar easier to grip.

A trade bar valued at 50 gp has the same dimen-

sions as a 25 gp bar, except it is three inches thick

rather than one inch thick. It also tapers inward

across that thickness, so the top surface of a 50 gp

trade bar is a half-inch smaller than its base. There

are no legal bow-sided 50 gp trade bars.

A 75 gp trade bar is an inch thicker than a 50

gp bar, with no taper to its sides at all.

A 100 gp trade bar is two inches thick, three

inches across, and nine inches long, with a central

hole for carrying on a cord, or for using a cord to

tie several trade bars into a bundle. The hole isnt

much more than an inch across.

Proof and ownership marks are commonly

stamped into the bottom surface of a trade bar,

and dont affect its value.

Trade bars minted more than two centuries

ago vary widely in dimensions and value. For

this reason, when they are traded they are either

weighed to ascertain their value or melted down

and recast. Most hidden hoards of trade bars are

the results of hasty burials in the face of advanc-

ing foes or fierce weather, and are soon snapped

up when nature or chance digging uncovers them.

Putting Money to Work

As the clergy of Waukeenand soon, everyone

elsehave said for decades, Coin kept at home is

begging to be stolen.

All wise Waterdhavians invest the money they

make, if its enough to more than cover their

debts and ongoing needs in the sure and cer-

tain. Often these investments are loans to guilds

or real estate in the citywhich usually means

new buildings in new wards, or buying collapsed

or tottering buildings in Dock Ward or elsewhere

grim, tearing them down, and putting up nice

new ones that they then rent out. Those who have

a taste for greater risk with higher margins invest

in caravan or ship cargoes.

Temples tend to fulfill the functions of real-

world banks, but their rates are ruinous to the

small lender and borrower, which includes most

laborers and commoners. These small lenders

and borrowers instead use moneylenders, such as

the infamous Mirt. Moneylending is a common

living for an adventurer or a mercenary who is too

old or wounded to continue that profession, who

has made a few coins and kept up on connections

with hireswords.

Most moneylenders are smallcoin folk who

deal with laborers. Stereotypically, this sort of

character is a Scrooge-style miser in charge of a

gang wholl beat you up if you dont pay.

More genteel lenders, known as rollcoins,

make large sums available to outfit a shop, or

buy an entire cargo or a herd or other large sure

thing purchase. Only the genuinely ruined de-

fault on one of these short-term loans, because

doing so means theyre finished in the city.

Rollcoins always demand collateral thats either

nonportable, such as real estate, or under the

hand (given into their keeping), so either way

they dont lose.

Rollcoins are treated with respect by all, since

successful city dwellers are always planning for

what might happen if grim days come, and ris-

ing citizens are always looking around to learn

who will be useful to them. This respect is exhib-

ited even when a lender is cordially hated behind

the smiles, as happens with grasping, leering,

unpleasant rollcoins who casually pilfer from cli-

ents or prospective clientsin other words, the

sort that always features in ballads and nasty

tavern tales.

An example of such a moneylender in Water-

deep in the 1370s DR is the thin, long-nosed,

nasal-voiced, black-robed, always-humming Ulk-

roun of Ship Street. Baerenth Ulkroun was a wily

and long-lived man who was succeeded in 1441

DR by his son Harlatlam, who in turn was suc-

ceeded in 1469 DR by his son Azimurl; all three

were very much alike.

Banking

Faern has no places or organizations called

banks, but there are providers of banking

services, which the Realms calls manycoin ser-

vices. Manycoin services include moneylending,

money changing, and keepsafe (safe storage).

In the Realms, several groups provide many-

coin services. Temples offer them to individuals

of the right faith, guilds provide them to mem-

bers, and some caravan costers provide them to

MONEY MATTERS

121

everyone located in the cities in which they are

based. In addition, independent moneylenders

offer manycoin services to everyoneincluding

adventuring bands and noble families.

By traditionand because they want to stay

in businessindependent moneylenders across

Faern provide manycoin services with no ques-

tions asked. That is, they wont report to local

authorities when and how much anyone prof-

fers (deposits) or redeems (withdraws), or if

someone proffers something stolen or sought

after by the government or anyone else (such as

a royal crown an entire army is searching for).

As the moneylenders saying runs, Utter discre-

tion, with coded receipts (priests of Waukeen

refereeing).

Keepsafe refers to the holding of coins

(which the moneylenders invest, to make them-

selves more funds), contracts and other valuable

documents, and small portable valuables such as

expensive jewelry worth too much to comfortably

store at home, or to carry while traveling.

So, a moneylender makes money from you on

loans, and charges you small storage fees for hold-

ing your money, without paying you any interest.

Which is why most noble families do their own

investing, or have their own factors (trade agents)

to handle such matters for them if they dont have

the time or interest for daily transactions and

wealth-building.

Citizens high and low often conceal their funds

by melting gold or silver and hiding the resulting

thin platelets inside thick castle doors, under roof

tiles, and the like. A farmer might bury a pot of

coins under the muddiest part of his pig wallow.

Many wealthy individuals and groups in the

Realms see the need for what we might think of

as a Swiss bank account and the Realms calls a

silent safehold. That is, a stash for money the

owner wants to quietly hold onto for later needs,

far from where foes can steal it or governments

can tax it or spy on it. So paying someone a mod-

est annual handling fee to quietly safehold large

amounts of wealth, for certain individuals, is both

a bargain and an ideal service.

Moneylenders tend to be individuals, except

for a handful of upper-crust lenders. A few of

these haughtiest are partnerships, yet still use

their partners own names, and so end up sound-

ing like real-world law firms. A few Waterdhavian

examples:

Anasader & Thelmuth

Bertoltan, Dunther, and Haroond

Kelthtor & Navarl

Tanntannath & Frynch

In addition to these partnerships, a handful

of individuals are moneylenders to the nobility,

in particular Gaerethus Haldrand (Horn Street,

North Ward) and Molneth Drathtorn (Tharleon

Street, Castle Ward).

Dealing with an upper-crust moneylender is

done in a private room. Servants accompanied by

hulking uniformed guards accompany every pa-

tron to his or her own room. There are generally

three or four of these rooms clustered around a

central strongdark, in which the moneylender and

the cash sit. The word strongdark is derived

from darkened strong room, and its usually a

room with many stub walls concealed by black

curtains that the occupants can hide behind if

attacked.

The entrance to the business, and all areas that

patrons see, are of imposing polished stone, with

ornate metal furnishings and trim. Everything is

crafted to be impressive and fireproof, so no visi-

tor can start a blaze and try to seize coins in the

resulting tumult.

Those going to one of the loftier Waterdhavian

moneylenders to access a safehold are conducted

alone through nigh-silent, lofty passages and

rooms of polished marble, gold (gold-plated,

rather, over cheaper and sturdier metal) doors,

and the like.

A safehold owner desiring to access his or

her funds then murmurs through a chased and

worked slotted metal barrier to the moneylender,

The [code name] safehold. This code name is

a word or phrase that represents the account; it is

not the owners name. Usually its something like

High Falcon or Three Toes or some unusual

phrase or word not directly related to a familys

heraldry or names.

The moneylender then asks, In or out? while

thrusting forward a shallow tray of smooth sand.

In means a proffering, and out means re-

demption. The requester replies, In, Out,

Both, or something else, and draws a symbol

in the sand. Whereupon the moneylender pulls

the tray back through the slot, examines the sym-

bol and perhaps checks it against a coded ledger,

then immediately draws a knife across the sand

to smooth the tray blank again. At this point,

122

Chapter 4

the moneylender either refuses the requester if

the symbol was wrong, or, if the symbol is right,

offers the first part of the pass phrase (which is

recorded in another coded ledger). The refusal of

a requester is often backed up with guards, loosed

war dogs, or the release of unpleasant gas or a

spray of onion juice.

The pass phrase works like this: The lender

speaks a word or a phrase (never a question), and

the person desiring to access the account must

make the correct response.

Typical examples of pass phrases are:

High tides answered by Land more cargo

and fish.

Three fingers answered by One is too many

to lose.

North of Silverymoon answered by Fell my

arrow.

TRADE GOODS

Naturally, almost anything can be bought and

soldand isacross the Realms. Ranging from

the pervasive to the esoteric, here are a few of the

most noteworthy examples of what Faernians

produce, purchase, and covet.

Mongery

Mongery is the usual Realms term for nails

and more exotic fasteners, hinges, hasps, hooks,

and the various straps, bolts, framing irons, and

the like used in building doors and windows and

their frames. Not to mention pots, pans, caul-

drons, spits, trivetsand horseshoes. In other

words, anything made of metal thats not a tool or

a weapon.

There are thousands of smiths in the Realms,

with the usual wide variety of skills, and they

all work to create countless thousands of metal

things folk want to buy. The pace of their creation

almost keeps pace with the destruction of rust,

hard wear, and extreme cold. So theres always

good trade in useful things made of metal.

In the 1370s DR, screws and threaded bolts

are holy secrets of Gond, and pretty much

limited to temples and to furniture and special

devices built, guarded, and used only by priests

of that god. Link bolts are created by dwarf

and gnome smiths, and by human smiths up and

down the Sword Coast and around the shores of

the Shining Sea. However, these link bolts are the

threadless sort: a rod pierced by a hole that can be

filled with a pin or a wedge. In use, the rod is run

through a hole in a timber or a stone block, and

the pin is applied to the hole on its far side to keep

the rod from being pulled back through. Shim-

wedges are used when it is necessary to make the

fastening secure and rigid rather than loose.

Metal strap hinges with simple, single pivot

pins are known and widely used, as are rigid

angle-braces of the same design. These angle-

braces lack a hinge, and instead feature a bent

right angle of metal. Both hinges are used to

protect and strengthen the corners and sides

of carry-chests and strongchests. Hook-and-

eye catches are known but are used only for

small-sized, interior projects. Seasonal freez-

ing problems make larger and exterior usages of

hook-and-eye catches rare in the North.

Nails, spikes, and wedges (wooden, metal,

and stone) are known everywhere, though only

dwarves and gnomes make and work with stone

ones, and wooden ones are less popular due to

weathering and short-life problems. Delicate work

such as needles and wire tends to be rare and ex-

pensive, except in Calimshan and the Tashalar.

Most mongery production among humans is

performed by smiths hand-making what is press-

ingly needed plus a few extra for sale. Apprentices

are often kept busy making nails and spikes, so

successful smiths tend to build up a fairly impres-

sive inventory of nails and spikes of all sizes, as

well as hooks and eye spikes (nails made for

driving into tree trunks or wooden walls, with

a long shaft made for fashioning into a ring on

which one can fasten ropes).

However, there are mass makers of mongery,

including surface human foundries, in Waterdeep,

Amn (several), Tethyr, Sembia, Turmish, Calim-

shan (many), and the Tashalar (many).

In Cormyr, there are five very busy local

smiths but no mongery-only foundries. One in

Arabel sells much of its wares either in Suzail or

to the wider Realms through the docks of Suzail,

with a trickle of trade flowing through the Dales

to the Moonsea. This foundry is known as Garth-

ens Hammer, after the now-aging smith Askarl

Garthen. Askarl Garthen is a human whose fam-

ily came from Everlund, and his own numerous

children and grandchildren work and run the

foundry to this day.

MONEY MATTERS

123

Garthens Hammer is a series of connected

buildings on the north side of the street that runs

right through Arabel, just inside High Horn Gate.

It was formerly across the street, due south of its

current location, but it expanded into the prem-

ises of a decaying old inn, and Garthen sold his

former location to a wealthy and ambitious Su-

zailan merchant. The merchant, one Handren

Tharmarklor, tore down the old smithy and built

on its site a mixed-shops complex that he rents

out. Tharmarklor himself inhabits the upper-

most three floors of Tharspirethe tower that

rises from the northwesternmost building of the

Tharmarklors Doors complex. Garthen more or

less permanently rents the southernmost House

of Thond warehouse for his inventory of nails,

spikes, axe heads, hooks, eye-spikes, door plates

(both kickplates and lockplates), and strap hinges.

Traders wagons run almost constantly from this

warehouse to Suzail and elsewhere. Garthen

himself takes no part in marketing his wares, re-

stricting himself to selling from his premises in

Arabel.

Glass and Ceramics

Glass is common in some parts of the Realms and

as rare as gold and gems in others. In most places,

windows are leaded affairs of many small panes,

rather than huge, rectangular unbroken panes.

Moreover, most glass is shiftyfull of bubbles

and uneven thicknesses and whorls that distort

reflections and anything seen through them.

Shutters are the norm: in winter, full overlapping

boards sealed with pitch, and in summer, slats

over which layers of gauze are tacked. The gauze

keeps the insects out, and if the dust gets bad,

occupants wet down the gauze to impede it. The

abodes of the poor have shutters but lack glass,

and some homes have frames around openings

into which boards are slid on a daily basis, but

precious glass can be used on special occasions,

such as royal visits and marriages.

In most parts of the Dales, drinking vessels

are made of carved wood, soak-sealed leather,

or ceramic, and a glass glass is regarded as an

incredible luxury. After all, why make a drink-

ing vessel out of something breakable, when glass

is so expensive? The wealthy tend to favor glass

drinking vessels to flaunt their wealth. They

capitalize on this display of wealth by concocting

social rituals that involve the deliberate hurl-

ing and shattering of glasses. (A tallglass, the

etched wineglass of the wealthier Realms, is

something like a champagne flute but slightly

larger. Capacity varies, but in real-world measure-

ments, it usually holds around 10 ounces.)

Mica is used in place of window glass in areas

where it can be easily found and mined, and

some dwarf and gnome clans know how to cut

certain types of stone very thin, producing slabs

that admit a glow of light when set into window

frames.

Homemade ceramics and copper cups in daily

use have a makers mark on the base and a sin-

gle badge-like design on the bowl or body that

identifies the owner. (Thats my cupsee?)

Commercial pieces are either decorated with

badges, runes, or devices for specific buyers or-

dering such finishes, or they have a few simple

decorations to encourage someone at a market to

purchase them.

A typical Dales ceramic drinking vessel has

a flat, rough, unfinished base that flares inward

slightly. The outside walls of the cup are either

vertical or slightly convex, and the inside resem-

bles a smooth bowl. The base and the handle are

often dark brown, the lip usually a natural clay

hue. The middle of the body is usually glazed a

deep blue, and the body is often decorated with

repeating waves, stippling drawn with a finger, or

even a series of fingertip impressions to outline a

face, sun, or flower head.

Ceramic containers share several kinds of

adornments with copper vessels. For instance,

some have a bearded smiling face sculpted in re-

lief on the body, across from the handle; some

have a handle shaped like the head and scaled

neck of a serpent, a wyvern, or a dragon, some-

times with a suggestion of wing outlined across

the body of the vessel; and some have an oval

frame on one or both sides of the body, enclos-

ing a scene. Such a frame is often shaped to look

like a snake biting its own tail, or a sword belt

with various elaborate buckles. The scenes inside

these frames are sometimes of birds or the heads

of animals (stags are popular), but are more often

simplified scenes of heroism, such as a lone knight

defending a bridge against many mounted foes, a

man wrestling off a hungry bear, or a depiction of

a local legend. A couple of popular local legends

are a wronged wife turning into a dragon or a

124

Chapter 4

swan, and a castle cracking and falling because its

owner broke his word or lost a bet.

Many folk imbibe out of a drinking-jack, which

is a beasts horn or the ceramic equivalent fitted

with a frame and feet to hold it upright when it is

not being held in the hand.

In the cities of Amn, Tethyr, Calimshan, and

Sembia, and in Waterdeep, glass is relatively com-

mon, and there are even glass ornaments for sale.

Exotic Trade Woods

Certain rare woods of the Realms have value as

trade goods because of innate properties that

make them ideal for carved furnishings and

household objects. The wood of the barausk tree,

found in Harrowdale and Deepingdale, has the

hardness of iron (once the green wood is dry).

Rosecork, native to the Inner Sea isle of Prespur,

is virtually fireproof and thus increasingly popu-

lar with builders.

When cut to expose its grain, barausk is dark

brown mottled with gray-green to the casual

glance. When it is more closely examined, the

gray-green tinges come from places where the

grain is folded back in on itself very tightly. The

grain of barausk looks like a maze, or like meat-

balls resting in much-folded spaghetti, or like the

crazed banding that surrounds burls in other

woods. The wood dulls or breaks blades when

dry, but can be readily cut when wet and green, or

after being soaked in water for a day or so. Spray-

ing the wood with water repeatedly for a few days

will make the surface soft to a depth of only about

a finger-width; once this much is carved away, the

newly exposed surface must be wetted again to

soften the wood for deeper carving. Dry barausk

turns brittleand stays that wayif heated, but

otherwise is both iron-hard and durable.

Rosecork, on the other hand, is useless for de-

tailed carving work because it splits along its grain

readily and cleanly. This same property makes it

ideal for inlays, building panels, and the like. It

has a pleasant light, reddish, speckled wood-grain

appearance akin to that of the more abundant and

familiar cork tree. It absorbs and holds moisture,

which is one of the reasons it resists firethink

of a wall that emits its own steam-sprinkler when

exposed to heat. This quality makes untreated

rosecork horribly susceptible to molds, and thus

a good base for the deliberate growth of fungi for

food or medicine, or for that matter for dungeon

traps (at the bottom of a pit, for example). Certain

herbal water concoctions, when brushed on rose-

cork, forever prevent spores from growing within

the grain while allowing the wood to retain its wa-

ter-holding qualities. Though it is spongy to the

touch, rosecork doesnt leak water if it is sucked

on, crushed, or prodded, though a thirsty person

could slash a panel of rosecork and glean a few

drops from each cut.

Smokepowder

This rare, legendary substance is viewed in most

places in the Realms as unreliable and often con-

sidered dangerous, corrupting magic. Many

colorful false beliefs about smokepowder abound

among commoners, some of them due to false-

hoods spread deliberately.

Most places have strict rules about its importa-

tion and possession. Importing smokepowder into

Cormyr during most of the 1300s DR requires a

Crown license and a full explanation to a senior

War Wizard, such as Vangerdahast, his second-

in-command Laspeera, or one of the six or so

mages a single step down from them, plus Ala-

phondar or a court clerk. This explanation must

include what the smokepowder is required for,

where and how it will be stored, how soon it will

be used, and so on.

In the case of someone officially trying to con-

quer the Stonelands, approval will be automatic

so long as the Crown is satisfied that the smoke-

powder will be guarded well enough so that it

wont immediately fall into Zhent hands.

The interview process is kept as secret as pos-

sible to keep the information from the ears of

treasonous nobles, and the license might come

with conditions. Common conditions are that the

smokepowder cant be taken south of Waymoot,

or into Arabel for any reason.

The license costs 500 gp, which pays for the

deployment of two War Wizards and two Purple

Dragon bodyguards, who become full-time spies

watching over the licensed smokepowder. The

precise strength of this watch isnt shared with the

importer of the smokepowder, but that person is

warned that selling, giving away, or moving and

hiding the stuffparticularly by trying to split it

up and put small amounts in many placeswill

result in its immediate confiscation.

MONEY MATTERS

125

What the importer isnt told is that if this con-

fiscation occurs, it will be carried out by dozens

of War Wizards with Purple Dragon bodyguards,

all of them acting with alertness, weapon and

spell readiness, and ruthlessness in keeping with

full wartime orders.

As for individuals creating their own smokepow-

der in Cormyr, anyone trying to become Baron

of the Stonelands is already under covert magical

surveillance by the War Wizards. If such a person

reports making more than around a handkegs

volume of smokepowder, he or she very swiftly

receives a visit from an unamused court official,

bolstered by all of the above-mentioned force, who

demands the purchase of a license and the assump-

tion of all the conditions described above.

In Waterdeep, smokepowder is banned, aside

from what the City Guard possesses and very

small amounts granted to specific Watchful Order

magists for experimental purposes. Even those

limited uses must be observed and supervised by

city officials.

Smokepowder can be bought freely in the

wild trading city of Scornubel (and in later

years, in Mistshore and Downshadow). In Luskan

and Westgate, small quantities can be purchased

covertly, but any buyer invariably acquires an in-

terested trail of spies.

Lantans Works of Wonder

In pre-Spellplague times, two factors govern what

fantastic gadgets from Lantan get into circulation

in mainland Faern: price and self-control.

Price is based on demand and the nature of

buyers. How many folk will pay serious coin for,

say, a clockwork toy, or even a clock, when the

sun and local religious observances govern daily

events and when no one makes or keeps appoint-

ments by the minute or on the hour? Palaces

and temples have their own timekeeping, and no

one else lives in accordance to a clock.

Self-control is the usual merchants internal

battle between greed and the wider implications

of selling an item. Really powerful weapons,

beyond individual battlefield firearms and the

printing press, which have already found their

ways onto the mainland, are likely kept on Lan-

tan. Such items are sent out of Lantan only

under strict conditions, such as having a Lan-

tanese minder with them at all times, under the

fiction that the gadget in question is so complex

that it will keep working only under the supervi-

sion and maintenance of a trained Lantanese. In

other words, young maverick inventors of Lantan

are restricted in what they can export by their

forward-looking seniors, who thanks to the reli-

gion of Gond have the moral authority to do so.

Lantan-made clockworks of great complexity

are known mainly through rumors on the main-

land. Many nobles have complex toys, clocks,

and even water clocks. However, full-sized clock-

work tin soldiers are another matter, thanks to

the severe weather and the tasks a garrison must

perform. If a client wants dummy soldiers that

can march along the battlements, or move in

very simple formations to block an entry arch,

lower pikes, and fire (not aim) loaded crossbows,

fine. If someone wants to rig a means of replac-

ing the windlass that each crossbow requires with

a mass-cranking mechanism, also fine. If one

desires a very slow way to power simple wagons

or handcarts without steering them, or a means of

helping to load cart-mounted cranes and winches,

fine again. However, anything more complex is

beyond the machining competence or mainte-

nance time (all that oiling!) of a lone Lantanese

expert. Mechanicals cant run on uneven ground

or stairs, or use the judgment of living warriors

that is required for even simple tasks such as aim-

ing at a visible foe, reacting with speed to enemy

tactics, or doing anything else of the sort.

If the intent is to create metal men that ape

the movements of a human controller (telefac-

toring), years of spell research are necessary.

Additionally, such a pursuit requires a lot of

spacecourtyards and large chambers, not con-

fined passages or small roomsfor a cluster of

rod-and-link-driven mechanicals to surround

the human operator. Mechanicals that sprout

from the faces of doors, and those that carry out

repeated movementsthreshing blades, for in-

stance, or devices that fire arrows in a repeating

high-medium-low pattern down a passageare

both practical and deadly.

Not many rulers or law keepers seem to have

yet realized that all manner of drugs, poisons,

weapons, and contraband goodsif suffi-

ciently disguisedcan be readily hidden in

plain sight inside elaborate clockworks, and

thereafter brought into close proximity to rul-

ers, important officials, or wealthy individuals.

126

Chapter 4

It does seem that mind flayers, doppelgangers,

kenkus, and others who regard civilized folk

as prey, dupes, cattle, or potential victims have

grasped this ruse all too well.

Scents and Perfumes

Many humans in Faern use scents or perfumes

on themselves and their surroundings. The term

perfume, in contrast to scent, is increasingly

used to mean stronger smells that can be used on

objects or misted into the air to provide a lasting

smell that masks less pleasant odors.

Most scents are made from natural substances

such as plant saps and distillates, and beast ichors

and organs, combined with each other along with

herbs or spices. The base is usually alcohol dis-

tilled from vegetable sources. The source for most

Waterdhavian vegetable alcohol is the nearby,

sprawling temple-farm of Goldenfields.

The combinations and processes are secret, be-

cause its not easy to create scents that dont stain

garments and skin and are stable. Unstable scents

tend to go off, rotting into a disgusting, sticky

mess, or separate.

The price range for most scents is from 1 gp to

16 gp per flask, with less savory equivalents (the

sort sold in Dock Ward, in Waterdeep) available

for 4 sp to 3 gp per flask.

Guilds try to control scent-making in Water-

deep and Cormyr. However, Waterdeep is so full

of purveyorsindependent alchemists; charlatans

pretending to be alchemists; importers from the

busy perfumers of Calimshan and the Tasha-

lar; and elves, gnomes, halflings, and dwarves

who make, use, and prefer their own traditional

scentsthat any guild control over perfume-mak-

ing is a mere fiction. Almost every shopkeeper has

a bottle of something to sell you, as do most fest-

halls. (Like how our staff smells? Take some of

that home with you!)

Some large-scale producers and some fairly

well-known formulae do exist, resulting in many

producers making very similar scents. Some of

the most widely available and best-known scents

are discussed below.

Bluestars: A blue translucent liquid with gold

flecks, bluestars has a strong medicine smell until

it is applied to the body of a humanoid, where-

upon it turns transparent and smells like fresh

before-storm winds (with the exception of orcs,

on whom it smells like fresh-baked bread). It also

instantly and lastingly banishes body odors and

strong food-related smells such as curry and gar-

lic. The effects last for about a day. Bluestars is

purportedly made from forest dew that has mir-

rored starlight, virgins tears, and a distillate of

alicorn (unicorn horn), but in fact it contains

none of these things. It is actually derived from

a specific kind of clay, the powdered shells of

a particular type of snail, and the saps of three

weeds. The cost per flask (holding about a pint) is

220 gpits high price due to its odor-banishing

properties and alleged but false efficacy as a ward

against poisons.

Darkdew: A scent that has been associated

with dangerous women for nigh a century, this

opaque black oily ointment is said to come from

the Underdark and to have something to do with

both the blood of monsters and the sweat of fe-

male drow. In truth, it is a combination of three

plant oils, six herbs, and a distillate of slugs. It

turns transparent upon contact with the skin, and

it imparts a musky smell to the wearer for most of

a day that most folk, from fey to goblinkin, find

arousing. Darkdew tastes like black, bitter, unsug-

ared licorice. The cost per flask is 176 gp.

Harlyr: The cheapest widely known perfume

in Waterdeep, harlyr (har-leer) is a rose red trans-

lucent liquid that feels slightly oily or gummy, and

smells of nothing at all. When applied to the body

of a humanoid (except for goblinkin), it turns

transparent and sinks into the skin and for the

next three hours or so, the wearer smells strongly

of a clear and pleasant fragrance like that of

freshly opened roses. If the wearer is a goblinkin,

the smell is like scorched urine. Harlyr is cor-

rectly known to be made of nut oil, alcohol, and

the sap of three abundant, nondescript field flow-

ers. The cost per flask is 4 sp.

Jassal: Subtle but capable of wafting for long

distances, jassal is a fashionable scent that looks

like a blue-green translucent alcoholic drink and

smells like ripe cherries. It feels chilly when ap-

plied to the body, turns transparent, and imparts

that same cherry smell to the wearer for around

six hours. It is widely believed to be made from

cherries, alcohol, and some secret ingredient,

but in fact is made from alcohol and the distilled

roots of thistles, nettles, and three small flowering

weeds. Priestesses of Loviatar long ago discovered

that if a body drenched in jassal is whipped, the

MONEY MATTERS

127

skin briefly feels intense, on fire pain, but heals

itself of all scratches, weals, bruises, and other

small wounds. The church of Loviatar now uses

jassal in many rituals because of these properties.

Jassal-coated flesh makes a loud, cracking sound

when struck, and emits an intense cherry odor,

even if the initial smell has faded almost to noth-

ing. The cost per flask is 140 gp.

Sunrise: A yellow-orange translucent liquid,

sunrise smells like freshly grated lemons. On the

body it turns transparent and imparts a minty

smell with a citrus tang that lasts for around six

hours. It is widely believed to be made from alco-

hol, various citrus fruits, and a secret ingredient.

In fact, it is alcohol in which specific sorts of mus-

sels, oysters, and snails have been boiled, with the

addition of a few drops of the juice of a certain

sort of melon, and more than a few drops of rab-

bit urine. The cost per flask is 20 gp.

Tanlarl: A reddish brown, oily ointment, tan-

larl turns transparent and stops feeling oily upon

contact with the skin. It smells of faint wood

smoke before contact with a body, and on some

bodies has no smell at all. However, on most fe-

male bodies it smells mildewy, and on most male

bodies it smells warm and leathery, and the odor

is very attractive to females. Tanlarl is widely be-

lieved to be made from the bodily secretions of

rare monsters, but is in fact derived from vegeta-

ble oils, the livers of oxen, and certain herbs. The

smell is a very strong aphrodisiac to orcs and half-

orcs, who might be moved to accost beings they

would otherwise shun. The cost per flask is 12 gp.

Rope, Chain, and Wire

From leather thongs, to thigh-thick mooring

cables, to man-sized links of chain, to fine wire

sharp enough to cut flesh, coiled goods are

among the most useful and expensive everyday

items in the Realms.

Everyone needs long, flexible lines of some

sort. Sailors need rigged sails in order to voyage.

Cooks need chains to hold pots over hearth fires.

Caravan merchants need something to bind their

precious loads in place. And miners and other

climbers, such as adventurers, need something to

aid them in ascending and descending.

Hempen ropes and fire-hardened jungle vines

have seen such use for untold centuries, and chain

has been known since the first dwarves, but the

making of truly fine wire is still being perfected

in the Realms as of 1350 DR, and that is a pro-

cess fated to continue for more than two centuries

thereafter. In the mid-1300s DR, cable (ropes

woven around a continuous wire core) is still un-

known, though the word cable is heard betimes,

meaning a massive rope respected for its strength.

Much wire is soft, brittle (and so easily snapped

or severed where it has been kinked or bent more

than once in the same spot), and thick.

Gnomes, and right behind them dwarves,

are the most skilled crafters of fine wire and

chainand humans just cant get enough of the

stuff. Throughout the 1200s DR, the use of fine

chain in jewelry and garment adornment blos-

somed, increasing the demand for fine and even

finer chain. The most popular variety of fine rope

among humans is the thin, strong, flexible waxed

cord of the sort preferred by thieves everywhere.

Blacksmiths who lack the skills or the right

metal to make wire or fine chain know the value

of making and keeping in stock sturdy hooks,

open links, wall-rings, strap-rings, and other

fasteners. Strap-rings are collars that go around

pipes, posts, or columns and are affixed to rings

that connect to a chain or rope. Such under-

stress fastenings break frequently, and someone

desperate to buy a swift replacement knocks on a

smithys door about as often.

Like food and fuel, coiled goods bring steady,

high-coin sales. Every manygoods merchant

tries to keep some coiled goods on hand, often

keeping them in the strongchest that serves as

his trading seat. (If hes sitting on it, its diffi-

cult for someone to sneak away with it without

him noticing.) Along with their stores of coiled

goods, manygoods merchants keep a forge-chisel

and two pairs of pliers for doing off lengths for

customers. Coiled goods are always bought by

length, with long, unbroken pieces commanding

the highest prices, because no one wants to climb

down a mine shaft on a line made of short hunks

of rope knotted together.

Salt

The salt trade is very important in the Realms,

but not quite as vital as it has been in the real

world for two reasons. One, there are other means

of preservation, which was salts primary impor-

tance in the real world; and two, salt has never

128

Chapter 4

The job of protecting a caravan doesnt end when the procession pulls into town. In the storm of activity that accompanies its arrival and

the unloading of its cargo, even the most vigilant guard cant have his eyes everywhere at once.

been as scarce in the Realms as it was in large

areas of the real world. In Faern you can always

get some salt fairly cheaply from a nearby source,

so shipping sacks of it is not usually important.

So exactly where does all this handy salt come

from? It can be obtained in one of the many salt

marshes of the Realms by ladling salty water out

on large, flat, sun-baked rocks and waiting until

the water evaporates. A few of the better known

salt marshes include the Flooded Forest between

the Moonsea and the Dragon Reach, the Adder

Swamp in Chessenta, the Spider Swamp, and

Rethild (the Great Swamp). Salt also washes up

and deposits naturally around certain shores,

such as the Lake of Steam and around Azulduth,

the Lake of Salt. Huge salt plains also exist in An-

auroch and Raurin, the remnants of once-large

bodies of water that have become dry land.

Salt mines operate in Chult, Calimshan, under

certain islands in the Korinn Archipelago and

north of Mintarn, in the mountains girdling

Amn, in the Orsraun Mountains, and other

places. The point is: Salt is plentiful.

D

N

A

L

G

N

E

E

N

Y

A

W

Many gnome families make a good living min-

ing small salt deposits and trundling the results to

the nearest human town or village market, so you

wont find a Salt Road or salt caravans, though

you will often find a salt wagon in a mixed-goods

caravan.

Childrens Toys

The most desirable toys by far are small, whittled

wooden warriors, wizards, dragons, and other

monsters. Also well-loved are large, whittled

wooden dolls, often princes and princesses,

dressed in clothes sewn from scraps of old rag.

Next come marbles made of rounded stones,

whittled-down nuts, frozen berries in winter, and

sometimes blown glass. Finally, carved wooden

toy swords and, in rural areas, slingshots are fairly

popular.

A bit more pricey are the cuddle-in-bed toys

known as hearth faeriesintricately sewn, stuffed

with scented herbs and ward-away-sickness

charms. These keepsakes are often retained into

MONEY MATTERS

129

slave to unwitting dinner guests, such as other

nobles and the Lords of the city. They also regu-

larly magically transform slaves into all manner

of beasts and different humanoids, including

beasts of burden that they use or sell, food and

breeding stock animals that they sell, and body

doubles of hated rivals or lusted-after persons

that they torture. They also use slaves as objects

of fun and for spare parts for their own aging or

wounded bodies.

The Sultlues experiment with drugs, poisons,

and scents on slaves so as to refine ever-stronger

concoctions for sale up and down the Sword

Coast. Through intermediaries (often hired

adventurers who are misled as to who theyre

working for), they sell body-double slaves to those

who want to frame particular persons for crimes

or accomplish kidnappings without getting caught

by substituting the slave for the snatched person.

They have also recently dabbled in sending to foes

slaves that they can magically cause to explode

from afarand in the blast emit deadly bags of

nails that have been sewn into the slaves bodies.

In short, the Sultlues are thoroughly depraved,

consider themselves above all laws, and take great

care to amass magic items, hired wizards, and

caged monsters so that they can make a fighting

escape if the Lords justice ever comes for them.

The most energetic of these darkhearts are

the elder Sultlue uncles Darrambur and Pelmaer,

and their sultry sister Jaszmaeril. Other family

membersincluding the patriarch Asbrior, his

wife Pera, and their young daughter, Taszeana,

and two of their five sonsare largely ignorant

of the activities of their kin. These innocents

also consider themselves above all laws, but know

they shouldnt get caught in lawbreaking, and

are themselves guilty only of small cruelties and

swindles, and the keeping of personal slaves.

They know that some of their kin are up to wild-

nesses and shady little pursuits, and they take

elaborate care never to find out much about such

matterswhich suits the darkhearts just fine.

adulthood and used as pillows. Also popular are

cast metal little warriors (model soldiers) and

dragons and other monster figurines that are

large, well painted, cast from metal, and pose-

able (with articulated joints). Then there are large

knight-and-horse figurines even more realistically

modeled and painted, with real hair and such.

Temples of Gond sell very expensive little

clockwork toys, such as revolving-egg jewel boxes

that play tunes. The egg of one of these jewel

boxes is an upright, ovoid sculpture that has

several layers that rotate within each other by

clockwork, revealing elaborately detailed etched

and painted scenes inside. Common scenes for

egg jewel boxes include feasts in castles, men

fighting each other with swords, and skeletons

escaping manacles in a dungeon. The temples of

Gond also sell expensive marching warriors

(the familiar walking soldier with windup key

in his back). In some large cities, a few crafters

make large stuffed lions, cute dragons, and other

shapes that children can use as pillows, sleeping

bags, play-steeds, and friends.

SLAVE TRADE

Everyone knows about Thay, and (to quote the

sea captain Bhrond Thaerin, master of the Red

Bird, out of Urmlaspyr) its teeming slaves, live

ones and more and more undead ones. Yet a

greater concern to rulers and law keepersand

if they know the true danger in their midst, gen-

eral citizens, tooare the more covert dealers in

slaves who operate in lands and city-states outside

Thay. At the same time, some rulers arent above

turning a blind eye to local slavers who provide a

handy means of making rivals or problem citi-

zens . . . disappear.

Waterdeep provides a horrible example of a

long-successful family of slavers: the House of

Sultlue. This is the most depraved and villain-

ous surviving, still titled, and still in power noble

family in the City of Splendors, and demonstrate

how deep into decadence nobles can go, if theyre

wealthy and discreet enough.

Long ago (and, secretly, still!), the House of

Sultlue was among the largest Waterdhavian

slavers. The Sultlues regularly dabble in canni-

balism, eating cooked slaves prepared in various

ways, and delighting in serving cuts of roast

130

Chapter 4

The Realms began as a known world of the Sword Coast, the Savage Frontier, and Cormyr and the Dales. Other areas were mapped,

because adventurers could buy or peek at some very good merchant costers and rulers maps, but they mostly knew about them through

merchants from X look like this, dress like that, speak and act thus-and-so, sell these, and buy those. At first, Rashemen was one such

exotic faraway place. And then my characters started to travel.

MONEY MATTERS

131

5

132

Almost all beings in Faern worship many gods;

as a rule, only zealots and clergy venerate just one

deity. In other words, a farmer could mainly re-

vere Chauntea, but also pray to appease Talos to

keep crop-damaging storms away, Malar to keep

beasts from attacking him or his folk in the fields

and to send vermin elsewhere, Talona to keep dis-

ease and blight at bay, and so on.

Any mortal of any race can worship any deity.

Of course, a would-be worshipers upbringing

and moral or ethical stance make some match-

ups of faith and individual highly unlikely. The

most unusual ones are usually the result of an

individual searching for the right calling, or as-

cribing the outcome of an important life event to

the influence or direct action of a particular deity.

That phenomenon extends to divine casters, too,

though some priesthoods dont welcome unusual

races, such as drow or illithids, as clergy.

The average Faernian lives long enough to

worship (or serve through ones actions) one deity

above all othersthough in many cases, which

deity a given person has served most might not be

clear to a dying mortal or anyone else. If a mor-

tal dies before finishing a mission or a task for a

particular deity and its a matter he felt strongly

T

T

O

R

T

H

T

E

B

about in life, he could be sent back by that deity,

reborn as another mortal, to try to complete

that task. Otherwise, he ends up in the afterlife

serving the deity most appropriate to his moral

and ethical outlook. Only those who repudiate

the gods (or who as a result of their actions are

renounced by their gods), despoil altars and frus-

trate the clerical aims of any deity, or never pray

or engage in any form of deliberate worship will

qualify as either Faithless or False.

A few deities, Cyric being one, are insane

enough not to recognize and accept the polytheis-

tic appease this deity and that, as life situations

and strivings demand model. These mad few

demand that their faithful worship them and only

them. Almost all other deities accept and engage

in competition for worshipers, though most mor-

tals cant begin to perceive and understand the

intricate, long games of divine machinations, and

might well misinterpret what little they see. For

almost all mortals, religion is a matter of embrac-

ing primary worship of one deity aboveeven if

only slightly aboveall others.

HOW FOLK WORSHIP

Most people in the Realms embrace a patron (pri-

mary) deity, and carry a token, a holy symbol, or

a remembrance of that primary god. Adventurers

usually pray briefly to this deity in the morning,

when they arent under attack or in some emer-

gency, as well as at moments of crisis, such as

healing a wounded friend or trying to keep a sick

or poisoned person alive. They offer lengthier

private prayers following evening meals or upon

retiring to slumber. Such prayers are usually re-

quests for protection and direction, and deities

or their servitors often reply with guidance in

the form of dream visions, or more rarely in sud-

den mental visions received while awake. Each of

these visions is usually a snapshot seen only by

the worshiper, and it usually comes tinged with a

feeling of favor or disapproval.

Rarely, a divine response to a worshiper comes

as a sign visible to everyone present. Lathander,

for example, might manifest as a rosy glow

around a weapon, a person, a keyhole, or a secret

door. Lurue might send an image of a unicorn

that guides by movement or by touching persons

or things before glowing blue-white and fading,

to make its divine nature clear.

Upon arriving in a town or village that has

a formal shrine or temple to ones patron deity,

most Realms folk attend a service and give an

offering. The offering is customarily coin, but

sometimes food or trophies from fallen foes, or

something appropriate to the deity. For Malar,

hunted game makes a good offering, and for Tem-

pus, the weapons of defeated foes are favored

gifts. Empty-handed worshipers usually offer in-

formation about their deeds and observations to

priestsbut paltry or verbal-only offerings often

result in a request from the clergy to do a service.

This service can be something as simple as Help

move this temple furniture or Confess in full to

the superior priest tomorrow or Help guard the

temple doors tonight.

A traveler who comes across an untended or

desecrated shrine of ones patron deity is expected

to cleanse it and pray there using one of the more

elaborate prayers of that faith, usually involving a

chanted or sung ritual. Wayfarers who encounter

holy hermits or traveling priests of their patron

deity are expected to share food and drink with

those personages, and offer to encamp with the

priest and provide any protection they can render.

Those residing in a locale that has a temple usu-

ally attend services at least once every two days.

Priests of many faiths do a lot of influencing the

laity work by dispensing news and gossip slanted to

promote the importance of their god as well as the

creed and the aims of the faith. At the end of formal

services, sometimes while blessing departing wor-

shipers, priests also try to motivate the laity to do

certain things that further the work of their god.

Every settlement in the Realms has private

family chapels as well as public shrines to most

deities, even if it lacks a temple. So, the lack of a

temple to a particular deity in a community does

not mean that deity is not venerated locally. Tem-

ples, in contrast, are permanent buildings staffed

by live-in clergy, each dedicated to one deity.

Folk in the Realms also pray and make of-

ferings to deities other than their primary one.

They often make these offers in the hope of ap-

peasement, such as Weve got to cross the Neck

in a boat, so Umberlee, please dont sink us, and

Talos, send no storms . . .

It is not acceptable to treat any gods disrespect-

fully. Their worshipers and clergy can be resisted,

GODS AND FOLLOWERS

133

yes, and sometimes, for followers of good-aligned

deities opposed to human sacrifice, their altars

can be shattered, too. However, the gods them-

selves are known to be very real, so while you are

thwarting their mortal servants, its always best

to not personally defame the god. Mocking their

holy sayings is about as far as most folk dare go.

For example, a man slaying a Stormsender (priest

of Talos) in battle might snarl, Send a storm

now reap a storm!

Only clergy, paladins, and fanatics specialize

in the worship of certain deities. Everyone else in

the Realms is constantly poised between the gods,

making offerings, participating in rituals, and

seeking guidance as they see fit from among all of

the gods, as the situations and necessities of their

personal lives suggest is most appropriate.

Becoming a Priest

Usually an individual desiring to become a priest

has received vivid dream visions from various di-

vine servants. If that person responds to some of

these visions in the right ways, by desiring to see

more and asking local clergy or deity-tied  persons

such as temple guards, paladins, and hermits

about the visions or about a particular deity, more

are sent.

If the individual chooses to respond, he or she is

on the road to becoming a priest. Since those who

are not brightly loyal to a deity make poor clergy,

no one is forced into worship or holy service.

Stepping forward on that road often takes the

form of contacting a temple or a passing preacher,

or undertaking a vigil at a known holy site to re-

ceive more guidance. Someone who meditates at

such a holy site might receive more vivid dreams

or even a manifestation or a visible sign, such as

Lathanders holy glow coming briefly into ex-

istence around the persons head and upon the

altar, holy stone, marker, or site. Each faithand

in some cases, each templehas its own way of

taking in supplicants, should the character at that

point reach out to the organized church.

It is possible for a priest to serve more than one

deity, but its not easy, and so is rare, even among

adventurers. Both the personal nature of wor-

ship and devotion and the rarity of close sharing

among deities work against such double-dealing.

If a character does attempt to serve two masters,

the opportunity arises for extensive roleplaying,

with ongoing moral dilemmas, god-sent tests, and

the occasional tug of war between the two deities

over the deeds and loyalties of the character.

WHY PUT UP WITH

EVIL?

Good-minded individuals among the common

folk usually tolerate evil clergy and their deeds

and practices because they must. The servants of

evil are personally strong, vicious, or well-con-

nected enough that they are tolerated, avoided, or

appeased rather than attacked.

Governments, taking a wider view, put up with

evil faiths because hostility wont get rid of them,

and because they can be useful.

If, for example, the church of Malar in Cor-

myr is permitted to breed monsters or hunt beasts

only in specific border areas, the Malarites can by

their very presence serve as obstacles to would-be

raiders from the Stonelands, Archendale, or Tun-

land. The presence of such a church would also

discourage Sembians from conducting smuggling,

livestock rustling, and suchlike along the Thun-

der Peaks, and cut down on brigands operating

across the borders. Genuine marauding monster

populations might also be kept in check by the

church of Malar. So, the Crown of Cormyr han-

dles the church of Malar in this way. War Wizards

often covertly mind-scry Malarite priests to see

what they have observed in the wilderlands and

to uncover evidence (if any) of their working with

foes of the realm for coin or other inducements.

In Cormyr, Malarite priests most often breed

monsters for temple butchery in rituals, to sell

trophy heads and other body parts, and for the

feast tables of the wealthy. The latter two uses are

major sources of temple revenue. Malarites also

breed monsters for temple guardian roles, deploy-

ing them in areas where they cant get out to roam

greater Cormyr, confined to temple property.

Malarite monsters are also popular among

nobles as quarries for the hunt. Such beasts are

released by Malarites in specific locations at

reported-to-the-Crown-beforehand times, for no-

bles to track down and slay. The Malarites must

stand watch to down the beasts if they get away,

and the Crown of Cormyr holds the Malarites

responsible for any monster-caused deaths to per-

sons not of the hunting party. The War Wizards

134

Chapter 5

also watch over all such beast releases, and it is

a serious crime to perform such a release with-

out informing them well beforehanda crime

proclaimed into law after the third instance of a

Malarite priest hired by one noble family acci-

dentally unleashing monsters into the estate of a

rival noble family.

All monster breedings must be reported in de-

tail to the War Wizards to prevent two practices.

First, this requirement prevents the creation of

secret crossbreeds, such as chimera-like beasts

of which the Crown is unaware. Second, it pre-

vents the establishment of secret-from-the-Crown

armies or packs of monsters, in either temple or

private hands.

Violent and evil faiths such as those of Malar

and Loviatar get along with governments by wor-

shiping largely behind closed doors and always

within agreed-upon limits. A Malarite in Cormyr

or any other well-ruled locale wouldnt think of

trying to kidnap innocents, citizens, or govern-

ment representatives to be part of a hunt. No evil

clergy anywhere in a well-ruled land or city would

dare to use drugs, blackmail, or other coercion to

gain converts or subjects for rituals. A masochist

can volunteer to be flogged by a priestess of Lovi-

atar, but neither she nor any lay Loviatan can try

to gain any sort of hold over the person to force or

strongly influence ones agreeing to be flogged.

Like anyone else who conspires against the

Crown, traitor priests are subject to Crown jus-

tice. Churches that openly defy important laws

(criminal, as opposed to minor civil matters), or

that openly work against the Crown by attack-

ing or mistreating soldiers or Crown agents, are

harshly dealt with.

Being holy confers no immunity, as opposed

faiths will happily speak out against the miscre-

ant clergy, and the Crown can always claim to be

trying to be the impartial, secular central balance

between various faiths, for the good of all. Only

the loftiest holy rank or status wins any form of

absolution or light treatment from secular author-

ities for major crimessuch as killing, torture,

treason and sedition, kidnapping, slavery, coer-

cion of the unwilling by force or threats, fraud,

and theft.

As a result, priesthoods tend to work against

governments only through means of subtle influ-

enceunless they can become the government (at

least locally).

In Sembia, for example, clergy of all faiths that

are seeking to achieve something most quickly

get what they want through bribery or otherwise

playing the mercantile game. Whereas in Cor-

myr, the best way to get ahead is either by covert

cooperation with noble families or ambitious mer-

chants, or by quietly reaching explicit deals with

the Crown and then strictly adhering to them.

Deals with the Crown really means with Van-

gerdahast from 1306 DR to 1371 DR and with

Alusair thereafter until 1384 DR. In other words,

very carefully following the often unofficial rules

set down by the authorities and in return being

allowed to do certain things while the authorities

turn a blind eye.

Coming to the aid of Crown agents, sometimes

militarily, when a certain summons or alarm

is raised is a promise that both the churches of

Loviatar and Malar have made to the War Wiz-

ards. Priests of Loviatar help maintain law and

orderand apprehend certain specific individu-

als, when askedin Marsember, Arabel, and

Suzail, and the church of Malar does the same in

rural areas. In return, the Malarites are permitted

to hunt certain miscreants, some of the royal deer,

specific monsters, and specific sorts of beasts

an activity to which they can invite nobles, the

wealthy, and others they hope to convert if they

so desire. The church of Loviatar, on the other

hand, has earned the right to carry on some of its

more enticing rituals for nonmembers in certain

clubs and other establishments in hopes of gain-

ing offerings or converts.

No evil church can expect to incite people

against the Crown or any law, or publicly practice

rituals that scare or harm people or defy the au-

thorities, and continue to be tolerated in the land.

The heavy stuff goes on behind firmly closed

temple doors, and much secrecy and excitement is

thereby attached to it.

In public, the clergy of evil deities are models

of good behavior. As such, although average citi-

zens respect or fear and avoid said clergy, they will

almost always not attack, deride, or dispute with

them. Everyone in the Realms believes in all the

gods, and so understands and accepts the purpose

and major aims of every faith. This doesnt mean

everyone necessarily agrees with or supports every

religion, but that they tolerate and understand the

place in society each faith occupies.

GODS AND FOLLOWERS

135

Likewise, this does not mean every devout wor-

shiper in a faith sees eye to eye with every cleric;

indeed, many faiths have bitter internal fights,

schisms, and ongoing debates, and many high

priests are watched very closely by lay worshipers

trying to decide which temple to obey the most,

and gift with the most, and which to treat with by

doing the bare minimum their beliefs require.

Priests who perform willful murder in public

or otherwise charge into unlawful behavior in

a well-governed realm like Cormyr suffer conse-

quences. Depending on the severity of the crime,

theyll wind up dead (killed by the Crown or oth-

ers), delivered to the Crown for secular justice,

or cast out of the church to appease the authori-

ties. More often than the general public would

be pleased to know, such miscreants are hustled

covertly out of Cormyr to postings elsewhere by

fellow clergy, who then tell the authorities that

internal punishments as directed by the Divine

One have been enacted upon the wayward. For

more minor crimes, wayward clergy might pub-

licly repent, and their church make redress to the

Crown and wronged citizens.

There have been incidents when a priest who

persists in covert self-serving dealings that give

his or her church a bad name is caught by Crown

agents or hired adventurers because other mem-

bers of the church have tipped off the authorities

as to when and where to catch the offender. Such

tips usually end up in the priest being caught red-

handed and therefore deserving of on-the-spot

justice, particularly if he or she decides to fight.

Clergy of faiths that work against law and

order, such as those of Shar and Talos, thrive in

socially chaotic areas like Westgate and Sembia,

where they can play one group or employer off

against another. However, these priests keep a

much lower profile in well-policed lands such as

Cormyrwhere they tend to operate a service

wherein you can pay and take part in this en-

ticing ritual, and the deity will attempt to make

your desire real, over time, in some nonspecific

manner. Most of the time, these clergy prey

upon worshipers more than they really achieve

anything. At least this way, they reason, they

can maintain a presence in the land and wait for

events to make their faith more important or at-

tractive to factions in the realm. Only then would

they dare any open defiance of the authorities.

The priests of Talos in Cormyr, for instance,

work magic (in their locked temple rooms) only

to add strength and destructive force to natu-

ral storms that are hammering areas of Cormyr.

They never cause such storms or steer the paths

storms take, because they know the War Wizards

watch for that. However, if a storm should cause

harm to a War Wizard, how is that their fault?

(They ask this oh so innocently, after helping a

storm to collapse a cottage on a wizards head.)

Priests and priestesses of Shar, Loviatar, and

Sharess often use amorous wiles to establish per-

sonal relationships with persons in authority.

Through this angle, they try to sow chaos by sug-

gesting particular deeds, decrees, and ideas to

their lovers.

Even priests of the most violently evil faiths

are seldom foolish enough to draw daggers and

seek to carve up soldiers or Crown agents in the

streets. A dead foe is just that: dead, and soon to

be replaced by another. An influenced foe, on the

other hand, is well on the way to becoming an

ally, increasing the sway of the deity.

CHARITY

Almost all rural temples and monasteries provide

basic food and water for handfuls of half-wits,

the disabled, orphans, lepers and other disease-

sufferers, the destitute, and in some cases, even

outlaws claiming sanctuary, or lycanthropes. In

return, these people offer basic labor, such as

splitting and stacking firewood; shoveling and

transporting dung; watering and tending crops;

peeling potatoes and other crops for kitchen cook-

ing; and picking fruits, vegetables, and herbs.

As a general rule, the sick are to be tended

without question or hesitation. In practice, hesi-

tation occurs if the sick brought to the temple

are monsters, appear to be under the influence

of dangerous or multiple enchantments, or are

clearly the clergy of another god. Those of this

last variety are rushed to the proper temple, if one

is available.

Treatment of adventurers, the displaced, and

those who have fled battle or been left behind

for being wounded in battle largely depends

on existing local attitudes. (Thesere some of

the dwarves whove raided us for years? Well,

kill them!) It can also be affected by what has

136

Chapter 5

happened recently. For example, has the com-

munity been overwhelmed by refugees? Have

other adventurers marauded locally in the past?

If residents dont try to dispatch such problems

outright, or direct them to areas of danger where

a known monster will eliminate them (or they

will dispose of it, making them therefore worthy

of aid), the locals either provide charity (You

can shelter in my barn, and heres some stew and

water and bread; please be gone in the morning)

or bring local priests to examine them and decide

if the church will offer aid.

TEMPLE INCOME

Most folk in the Realms know that priests of some

faiths (such as Waukeens) sell pardons and medi-

cines, and demand offerings or sometimes set fees

for performing certain rituals, such as cleansings,

weddings, and atonements.

The income of a temple is usually far broader

in source and nature than that. Offerings of food,

accepted from poor worshipers, go to temple

kitchens to defray food expenses. Almost all cler-

gies expect offerings in return for the utterance of

certain prayers and certainly in return for spell-

casting. Most clergy also expect compensation

for most services, such as burials, consecrations,

blessings of new businesses, or the gods favor for

a journey. Almost anything that requires prayer

before the altar is also cause for an offeringas

opposed to advice given by priests without the

guidance of prayer or ritual, which by tradition is

supposed to be freely given.

Faiths of fierce deities such as Umberlee and

Talona deal in protection rackets (in effect) by

demanding offerings of appeasement to keep the

holy wrath of their deity away from those making

the offerings. Even wandering clergy of gentler

faiths (such as the Alicorna, priests of Lurue)

might request payment from landowners when

they eliminate dangerous local monsters.

Some priests sell holy relics and their lesser

cousins. Favors of the god are blessed items

meant to bring good luck to the bearer or house-

hold, and tokens of the god are holy symbols of

recognition and veneration for lay worshipers (not

to be confused with a clerics holy symbol).

The largest source of daily income for most

churches is payment for the delivery of verbal or

written messages, documents, and small valuables

over vast distances, from one individual to an-

other. All such deliveries are altar-sworn safe.

The priests swear before their deity to deliver

their charge faithfully, without altering or distort-

ing it, pilfering from it, or violating its privacy

if possible. Obviously, the contents of a verbal

message are known to the bearer, but a writ-

ten message will not be unsealed or read by any

member of the priesthood, nor will anyone allow

a third party to read it. This oath is sworn upon

pain of losing the favor of the deitythat is, being

expelled from the church.

This widely available service has given rise to

an interesting dodge: Someone in possession of

something that could get her killed, such as stolen

royal regalia, might in desperation deliver it into

the hands of temple priests with a fee for deliver-

ing it to either a fictitious person or one whom the

sender, but few others, knows to be dead. This

enables the priests to keep and conceal the item

forever as they attempt to deliver it to the proper

person . . . whom they will never be able to find.

Many temples serve as banks and keepsafes

(safe deposits), securely storing all manner of

things for worshipers, from legal documents to

great-grandmas mummified fingers. Temple

storage is especially popular with the homeless;

poor commoners who fear for the security of their

property while theyre working or seeking food;

and those who travel for a living, such as drovers,

caravan guards, and wagon merchants.

Temples also perform the same moneylending

and money changing functions as our real-world

banks, and of course charge fees for doing so.

Like real-world banks, they invest such funds

(and the money they earn from offerings and

rents) in livestock and farm crops and cargo ships

and businesses, charging interest on every loan.

So, most urban and verdant breadbasket rural

temples are usually wealthy, not poor.

Almost all priesthoods use their income to buy

land, build properties, and become landlords,

taking in a constant stream of rents from tenants,

tenant farmers, and rental farmers. They also

acquire houses, farms, and sometimes even cara-

van companies or shipping fleets, willed to them

by the devout. In this way, many temples have

slowly become the owners of large amounts of

valuable city real estate. Its generally understood

that being a landlord does not allow the clergy to

GODS AND FOLLOWERS

137

discriminate against tenants who primarily ven-

erate rival deities, or to curtail prayers and other

religious observances of other deities performed

in rental premises that a temple happens to own.

Certain priesthoods, particularly those of Mask

and Waukeen, often engineer price increases and

currency inflations, and profit by loading or un-

loading their stores of coinage or goods at times

of high margins. Clergy of Siamorphe work to en-

rich nobles who have pledged much to the church,

when we can afford it. Priests of Mask sell dis-

guises, and for much higher fees can hide people

for short periods.

Some faiths pay children copper pieces in re-

turn for business or political information that

such innocents see and overhear, which temple

agents then resell for much, much more, saying

only of their sources that The god sees all.

PRIESTHOODS

OF THE REALMS

Even more so than rulers, the priesthoods of the

Realms influence the daily lives of folk every-

where. If there were only a few churches, clergy

would be absolute rulers. However, Faern has so

many deitiesall of them believed in by everyone,

albeit in different waysthat their competing ef-

forts offset, block, or deflect each other, as well as

blunt the tyranny of kings, and everyone else lives

in the breathing space between.

Many common folk are unaware of all the of-

ficial, overt aims of every deity. One might know

what is demanded personally of a deitys indi-

vidual worshipers, and still not know the formal

creed of a church. People of common birth are

unlikely to know any unofficial aims of the priest-

hoods, which are often geopolitical, selfish, and

secret.

Unless they become adventurers, and get

caught in the sharp points where competing

aims and strivings meet . . .

Published Realmslore details divine avatars

and gives some details of their faiths and mortal

followers. It would take many more books to give

proper coverage to the prayers and rituals of the

Faernian faiths, so here instead are some details

of what each clergy professes to do and some hints

of the more worldly efforts of their mortal leaders.

This covers the creed of each church, which is

largely but not wholly the same as the dogma that

applies to all worshipers. Remember, the Realms

is a fantastic setting; none of these creeds are to

be taken literally or applied in the real world.

Auril, the Frostmaiden

Creed: Make all Faern embrace the cold and

work to chill the Realms by means of weather

magic to hasten the rightful and inevitable Icing

of All. Willingly adapt yourself and society to

increasingly colder conditions, as ice, snow, and

frigid winds spread to cover the entire world.

Everyone should shiverfrom cold, not fear

at least once a day. In the cold times, strive to

nightly force or persuade someone not of the Em-

bracers (from Willing Embracers of the Cold;

Aurilian clergy) to undertake the Cold Cleans-

ing prayerbeseeching Aurils mercy outdoors,

aloud, for as long as it takes a piece of ice the size

of the praying ones hand to melt entirely against

his or her bared flesh. At least once per winter

seasonand more often is betterpersonally slay

at least one creature either with cold magic or by

forcing it to die of natural cold. It is best if any

such death benefits others not of the Embracers

by providing food or eliminating an oppressor to

the greater glory of Auril.

Secular Aims: Rise to dominate and control

all surface Realms overland roads and trade-trails

in snowbound regions. Once control is secured,

demand reverence to Auril for passage, both in

prayers and monetary offerings. You may keep

the offerings so long as the customary scatter-

ings in Aurils name are made.

Wherever there are no roads and winter way-

farers must blaze their own trails, create new

trails. It is both permissible and pleasing to Auril

to magically force both beasts and intelligent be-

ings of the Realms to aid in this endeavor. When

the spells given you by the goddess make it pos-

sible, create ice roads across lakes to shorten

journeys, and be sure it is made known that this

is done in the name of Auril, who should be

thanked and reverenced.

Aurilian clergy make no secret of their road

buildingor their demands for tolls from users of

these holy roadsthough they will avoid admit-

ting that theyve been directed to try to control all

surface routes. Aurilian clergy are mainly lightly

organized wanderers who keep any offerings they

138

Chapter 5

I never like to miss an opportunity to deepen Realmslore by adding lore and recent news about any elementin this case, fang dragons, one

of several dragons Ive created as lower-level, deployable fight-em dragons that can duke it out with most adventurers without reducing

the characters to ashes, or the DM having to play a stupid or asleep dragon to allow the heroes to surviveand at the same time introduce

new NPCs with strong opinions, and dredge up neat-sounding words like infandous. Let language be thy sharp and ready weapon.

GODS AND FOLLOWERS

139

receive for themselves after they render unto

Auril with snow-scatterings and castings of some

coins into river ice. However, recurring attempts

are made by senior Aurilian clerics to force dis-

cipline and a patrolled hierarchy upon the rest of

the Embracers.

The most notorious of these organizers was

Raerele Redtresses Aronthan, a now-dead

priestess who styled herself High Icemaiden. She

so dominated some forty Aurilian clergy that they

carved a slender-spired castle for her out of solid

ice in the glaciers northeast of Citadel Adbar in

the 1340s DR. Ever since, this castle known as

Frostspire has been the secret heart of the church,

the place its most wayward clergy are summoned

to be judged by their fellow Embracers. Aronthan

tried to bring every last Aurilian to Frostspire, to

obtain oaths of obedience from each one and to

set them in their places in the church hierarchy,

but many defied her, and one finally slew her in

1352 DRand received no rebuke from the god-

dess at all.

No one has managed to rise to Aronthans level

of dominance since, in part because the priest-

ess is said to haunt Frostspire in the form of an

embittered and chastened spirit controlled by

Auril herself. At present, two rival male Auril-

ians, Faerovel Hawntar of Glister and Amgrel

Vlorund of Fireshear, are trying to command all

Embracers by traveling and coercing each one

they meet, individually. Hawntars aimsbeyond

powerare as yet unstated, but Vlorund has no

less a goal than conquering one or more coldland

realms, starting with Vaasa and Damara, and

certainly continuing to Impiltur and Narfell. He

wants to achieve this in the name of the faith, so

senior Embracers can rule those lands. He is plot-

ting to corrupt key military commanders in Vaasa

and Damara to his cause, and will destroy them if

they refuse.

Azuth, Lord of Spells

Creed: The Art is a force for better lives and

better ruling, and should always be used for

such. Wielders of the Art should conduct them-

selves in a manner that makes them valued and

respected so that acceptancenot mere toler-

anceof magic will spread and grow stronger.

Everyones life is bettered by magic, but can be

enriched and exalted so much more if the Art is

used responsibly. School the irresponsible, resist

and oppose those who habitually use the Art for

tyranny or coercion, and aid the clergy of Mystra

in their work wherever it is in accord with ours.

Help arcane spellcasters who have spells wrong

or who struggle with their mastery. Curb, rather

than contribute to, wild magic. Discourage ir-

responsible and reckless spellcasting. Locate and

identify those who can wield the Art; follow their

deeds and statements, and be aware of their aims.

Be alert for new ways in which arcane spellcasters

deceive or make war on their fellow wielders-of-

Art. Craft a new spell every year, or modify an

existing one to produce new effects and uses.

Grow in the Art personally by constant study and

experimentation.

Secular Aims: The Enlightened (clergy of

Azuth) who are only arcane spellcasters are to

pray to Azuth for guidance in tasks to be person-

ally done by the god until he grants them access

to divine magic. Enlightened who are only priests

must do the same until granted access to arcane

spells by the god. This access might never come

to pass, but the striving to attain it must not stop.

Traditionally, Azuths priests had no secret,

secular aims, beyond participating in all projects

that the church of Mystra was pursuing. In 1352

DR, however, the self-styled High Spellmaster of

Elturel, the wizard Emdrur Harvultsoon sup-

ported by the Narthraumurge of Tashluta, the

wizard Leiyonar Braskrazrabegan to preach

that it was time to make rulers everywhere in the

Realms friendly to arcane spellcasters. This was

to be accomplished either by becoming rulers (by

dethroning the incumbents) or by becoming the

power behind many thronesa tactic Alustriel

dubbed the Vizier Gambit.

Some clergy of Azuth are certainly hard at

work to usurp thrones or aid others in such at-

tempts, but not all of them are in agreement with

the High Spellmasters insistence that they ac-

cept his authority and maintain a strict hierarchy

of command within the church. The Narthrau-

murge seems to have drifted from being Harvults

ally to becoming his rival, trying to establish his

own chain of command with himself at the top.

The bulk of the Enlightened, whether they

agree with this bid for worldly power or not, cling

to independence. They serve the High One him-

self, and are bidden by him to work with fellow

Enlightened, the more powerful outranking the

140

Chapter 5

lesser but all working as comrades, not in a hier-

archy of formal ranks. The god has guided all to

follow their hearts in this matter.

Behind all of this remains an older heresy,

known as Yauntarism after Ilmurk Yauntar, the

Enlightened. Yauntar vanished in 1347 DR and

his fate remains unknown, though some whisper

he took a dragons shape and lives as a dragon.

Yauntar took the view that priests of Azuth should

enrich themselves by their service, charging fees

to commoners and coercing funds from rulers so

Azuth would truly be respected. Elminster be-

lieves as many as three in every ten Enlightened

are secret Yauntarists.

Bane, the Black Hand

Creed: The world is made stronger by mighty

and ordered rule, with the ruled made to fear

their rulers and to hate common foes. Weakness

and frivolity should be publicly destroyed for all

to see and heed. Good is but a shelter for weak-

ness and the whims of those who profess noble

goals. Evil is the true state of nature, for winning

is everything, and oppression is natural. Fight

against good, and exalt evil. Tyrannize and de-

stroy the weak, so that all in time become better

and stronger, everyone knowing their place and

not daring to question or foment disorder.

Be a tyrant. Make others fear and hate you,

but awaken in them hatred of others. Aid tyrants

and oppressors, but if they disagree with you or

fellow Dark Hands (clergy of Bane) over policy,

or turn back from tyranny or oppressing others,

shatter them. We are the forge that tempers rul-

ers, to make them ever harder, stronger, and more

evil. Laws and rules, not wanton chaos, should

reign. Eliminate lawbreakers. Kill or thwart a

good creature every day (kill is better). Bring

down arbitrary law keepers, and aid the brutally

law-abiding. Make others fear Baneand fear

youwhenever possible.

Secular Aims: Since the fall of the High

Imperceptor, the church of Bane has been domi-

nated not by the coldly correct hierarchy of

obedience it had been known for, but by vicious

battles for dominance among clergy. Dark Hands

browbeat lesser Dark Hands and fawn over or are

carefully correct to superiorsas they seek ways

of betraying, thwarting, and bringing down those

superiors. As a result, its every Banite for himself,

and few personal secular aimsbeyond climbing

in the church hierarchy at the expense of others

are achieved.

In the lowest ranks of the clergy, personal

power is so meager that most such priests become

the near slaves of someone a few rungs higher up,

so as to rise with that person. As a result, priests

in the middling and upper middling ranks of the

Dark Hands can get some long-term aims accom-

plished with the aid of these lackeys.

Almost all Banites seek to establish control

over trade in a region that can be used for ty-

rannical purposes, such as selling or smuggling

weapons or slaves. They then attempt to use the

proceeds from this effort to enrich the Church

and themselves, as well as to try to win themselves

land, wealth, and ever-increasing influence over

local rulers. Many become advisors to (or dirty

work agents for) nobles.

Unholy Champion of Bane Ohlzrak Larandrar

is one of the few who has become a local noble

himself, and he is almost ready to make an open

bid for rulership of the city of Ormpur. Since al-

most no one in the church of Bane is a fool, and

Banites employ or coerce many into spying for

them, fellow Dark Hands know perfectly well who

among them is rising in secular power, and where.

Its rare for a Dark Hand to be allowed to rise as

high as Larandrar has. He is an exception because

hes extremely ruthless and capable, foreseeing

most moves against him and preparing fatal traps

for opponentsand also because several powerful

senior Dark Hands are waiting for him to succeed

in his bid for leadership before they rush in to de-

stroy and supplant him.

Quiet confidence, and cold, clipped speech or

murmurs dripping with menace, is the preferred

style among most Banites. Swaggering, shouting

and ranting are for lesser clergy of lesser gods.

Note that within the Zhentarim, the clergy and

the wizards tend to loathe each other, and only

the beholders keep the groups from erupting

into open strifea feat they accomplish by mak-

ing examples of those individuals who lash out.

This hatred isnt divinely dictated: In Darkhold

and other outposts, certain clerics and wizards

who must work together daily have become firm

friends and even companions.

GODS AND FOLLOWERS

141

Garb of Banes Clergy

In the Field: When going into battle, Banites

wear black cloaks with the red fist of Bane painted

on below and between the shoulder blades, and

a breastplate of the same colors and decorations

over black armor.

Casual Dress: Dark clothing is preferred, but

Banites can wear anything so long as it includes

a fist of Bane. If concealment is absolutely nec-

essary, the fist of Bane can be worn as a hidden

locket; otherwise, Banites should wear a black

sash tied at the hip, with a red fist of Bane design

clearly visible on it.

In pre-Time of Troubles days, the fist of Bane

was a closed human right hand wearing a spiked

gauntlet with its fingers toward the viewer and

three drops of blood dropping from the horizon-

tally severed wrist. After the Time of Troubles,

the fist changed into a bare hand with fire or

lightning bursting from between the fingers.

In the Temple: Formal dress varies from tem-

ple to temple. Poorer, rural temples can be pretty

casual, sticking to black cloaks at a minimum. At

the height of the most elaborate ceremonial cloth-

ing, under the High Imperceptors rule, dress for

Banites was far more complicated. The temples

supreme priest dressed in all black; senior officers

in black with purple sashes; senior priests in black

with red sashes; upperpriests in black with fiery

orange sashes; and general clergy in black with

fist of Bane gorgets denoting rank. All of these

priests wore full, black cloaks, and generally, the

more fists on a priests gorget (usually from two to

seven), the higher ones rank. Lower-level priests

and lay people were dressed slightly differently.

Newly accepted priests wore black tunics over

crimson breeches; novices wore crimson robes;

and lay brothers wore orange robes. All of these

lower-level priests and lay people were also al-

lowed to wear black half-cloaks.

All priests of Bane should carry at least two

consecrated holy symbols of Bane at all times: one

in a hollow boot heel, and one mounted on their

belts. Even when undressed, Banites should wear

at least one symbol, typically on a neck chain.

Beshaba, Maid of Misfortune

Creed: Lady Doom must be feared. Spread

fear of her daily in persons high and low. Neglect

not the low in birth and station, for ignoring them

is the flaw of lesser clergies who venerate arro-

gantly blind gods, such as Bane. It is person by

person that the cause of the Maid of Misfortune

is won. Fear of her is just and prudent, for mis-

fortune is inevitable. The so-called good luck

of Tymora is made of lies and bright glimmers of

false hope; Beshabas way is the way of the world.

In the end, Beshaba shall reign triumphant, and

will protect and preserve those who have spoken

for her and served her. Be among them, or perish.

Trick people, spread mystery and worry by

what you say and do. Repeat true tales of misfor-

tune befalling those who repudiated or neglected

their veneration of Lady Doomand whenever

you are faced with such repudiation, punish the

repudiator in ways swift, dramatic, and public, so

as to spread fear among witnesses. Evoke pleading

or screams daily. Work what misfortunes you can

without falling afoul of local law or authorities

and spread chaos by thwarting or destroying law

keepers and government officials whenever pru-

dently possible. Make them miserable by harming

or frightening their families, or by spreading

rumors about them, or by stealing or ruining

whatever they hold most dear. Be the reaching,

ravening talons of Beshaba!

Secular Aims: The church of Lady Doom

has long taught its Doombringers to profit per-

sonally, taking two coins from every ten gleaned

by the church, and to enrich the church when-

ever opportunities arise to make, seize, or receive

wealth amid the chaos. Civil war is to be started

wherever possible. Since 1460 DR, Doombringers

have been concentrating on starting strife be-

tween Sembias wealthy and poor, which theyve

been doing in Amn since the spring of 1344 DR.

Theyve also been trying to stir nobles of Cormyr

who are unhappy with the Dragon Throne into

open rebellion since 1347 DR.

Increasingly, down the years, Beshaba has

anointed this or that individual cleric as one of

her Favored. There is never just one Favored at

a time, and other Doombringers are expected by

the goddess to obey any Favored unquestioningly,

to the death. However, Favored status doesnt last

long, and those who lose it are always informed

of their lossusually sneeringly and accompa-

nied by an attack by fellow Doombringers. The

goddess never tells those unfortunates directly.

While one enjoys the status of Favored, a Doom-

bringer tends to work in frenzied haste to do

142

Chapter 5

great things so as to please Beshaba and retain

ones title. These works usually include attempts

to conquer cities, topple thrones, or openly hunt

down and slaughter clergy of other faiths who

have thwarted the church of Dooms schemes or

harassed Doombringers.

A few fallen Favored have tried to seize great

wealth, then disguise themselves and fleebut

since Beshaba knows where each one is, such

a tactic inevitably turns the short remainder of

ones life into a hunt that can have only one end-

ing. Just two fallen Favored are thought to have

survived: Avalant Rauntur, who turned himself

into a dragon and has remained one ever since;

and Calathra Hargentle, who slew so many

Doombringers that the church of Doom stopped

sending them after hergiving her time to disap-

pear through a gate into another world.

Bhaal, Lord of Murder

Creed: Murder is natural. Slaying is what all

creatures in Faern do, daily if they can. At least

daily, slay something livingand the Lord of

Murder is most pleased if the victim is one of your

own kind and as formidable as, or more power-

ful than, you. Kill with swift skill, not by torture,

forced suicide, falls, or collisions. Do it person-

ally, with ever-greater deftness and elegance, and

teach others the skills and the delights of slaying.

Deathbringers are to slay with enough skill

that witnesses are impressed. They are always to

challenge those more powerful than themselves,

the clergy of other deities being prize targets. Slay

with pleasure, but never with anger. Be in exqui-

site control of yourself. Utter the name of Bhaal

so the victim can hear it. Ideally, it should be the

last word a victim hears.

Secular Aims: Some Deathbringers have

always sought to enrich themselves by their kill-

ings, usually by thereafter plundering and swiftly

reselling the wealth of their victims. Deathbring-

ers are expected to share half of all coins thus

gained, but the church has always been silent on

nonmonetary gains, such as land and rentable

buildings. Every Deathbringer has a designated

senior priest that should be paid, if one cant fully

share at a nearby temple of Bhaal. Some Death-

bringers avoid paying their superiors by bartering

what they gain, so coins, gems, and trade bars are

never directly involved.

After the Time of Troubles, prayers to Bhaal

went unanswered for a time; then they were

answered againbut the god himself remains

silent. Deathbringers receive instructions from

him only rarely, and only in nightmares . . . com-

mandments that most of them inwardly believe

come from some other deity. Essentially, the few

surviving Deathbringers are on their own, roam-

ing Faern as independent slayers. Some of them

make a living as assassins or trainers of assassins,

but slayings they do for coin dont count as holy

reverences of Bhaal. Several Deathbringers have

managed to become city rulers or the heads of

city law-keeping forcesand their minions now

stalk the night streets slaying undesirables and

rivals to increase their wealth and tighten their

rule. Increasingly, Deathbringers seek positions

where they can live comfortably, make lots of

coin, and kill often with few consequences. Ad-

venturers far from home are godsend targets, as

are outlaws or brigands; few care if such folk meet

a bloody doom.

Chauntea, the Great Mother

Creed: The Earthmother is everything, and

her health is our health. She feeds us, clothes us,

waters us, and shelters us. No god is greater than

her, though many are noisier. No god is more for-

giving, more nurturing, or more essential. Truly,

Chauntea is All.

Uphold no other gods above her, and champion

no causes over her needs and nature. Fight dis-

ease and blight and those who spread it, especially

the foul servants of Talona. Give seeds freely

to those who will use them well, plant and sow

wherever it seems best, and restore green grow-

ing things that others have despoiled. There is no

higher cause than that of Chauntea.

Secular Aims: Chauntean clergy go by many

appellations, but the most popular name used

among themselves is Nurturers. Their hierarchy

is based on length of service and wisdom, embod-

ied in the accumulated understanding of nature,

its cycles, and the smallest details of life. From

monsters to erosion and from currents to wind

patterns, Nurturers seek to learn it all. Acquir-

ing such knowledge through action and by talking

to druids, farmers, woodcutters, hunters, quarry

folk, and others who work close to the land daily

is one commandment of Chauntea. Opening

GODS AND FOLLOWERS

143

choked watercourses and burning diseased ma-

terial so as to prevent plagues from spreading

is another. The paramount duty, however, is to

plant and to tend something growing every day,

even while traveling. Nurturers can feel Chauntea

speaking to them through the soles of their feet

when they walk barefoot, and whenever they lie

down and press their hands and faces against rock

or soil. When she is angry, they can hear her rum-

bling when others cant, and feel her displeasure

through the soles of their boots when they walk.

Few Nurturers have the inclination to allow

themselves to take personal advantage of their

holy office, and few would darefor they know

Chauntea is everywhere, and there is no hid-

ing anything from her. However, some develop

enough hubris that they think farms and ranches

and even woodlots are better owned and tended

by themselves than by non-Nurturers. These cler-

ics begin to assemble land they love, to be their

own. The Earthmother will drive them from

these plots of land if they stop wandering alto-

gether, but she seems to tolerate Nurturers who

make their own land into a central base that they

wander out from and then circle back to. As such,

some Nurturers spend ever more time and effort

trying to cajole, coerce, trick, or trade their way

into owning good growing land. Some see noth-

ing wrong in the slightest with stealing coins, land

deeds, and other treasure so as to use it to acquire

landfor what other good are these disks of dead

metal, that one cannot eat or use as fuel to keep

warm? Humans are much better freed from their

thrall, to spend their time in healthier work with

the welcoming, nurturing land. To keep land they

have gained, or to prevent someone from despoil-

ing any land, some Nurturers will attempt any

sort of deceit, and lie straight-faced upon altars,

for they are merely countering human foolishness

with . . . human foolishness.

Cyric, the Prince of Lies

The stability and power of the church of Cyric

are by no means certain; as Bane grows in power,

Cyric inevitably loses. Bane is an inherently

stronger (less insane) personality, and thus will

probably eventually win the big bad guy con-

test between them. The faith of Cyric is much

younger than the other large priesthoods of

Faern, and from the outset has been dominated

by opportunists from other churches seeking

more personal power. This situation has proved a

recipe for schisms, struggles, and a weak church.

Whatever happens to the gods themselves, the

church of Cyric is by no means a predictable or a

consistent force for anything.

Deneir, Lord of All Glyphs

and Images

Creed: Written and drawn information har-

nesses what it describes, enabling readers and

viewers to better live in harmony with the world

around them and with each other. In this way,

over time the world itself will be improved.

Information should be freely available to all, ev-

eryone should be literate, and those who destroy

or despoil writings, or conceal them, should be

punished. Glyphscribes (priests of Deneir) must

gather information, copy it, and share it with

those who desire it and with their fellow Glyph-

scribes. Additionally, they should catalog and

clearly identify the context of all writingsfor not

to do so is to spread the three sins: ignorance, un-

certainty, and speculation.

Travel the Realms for at least one of the four

seasons of the year and seek out records that are

lost in tombs, ruins, and abandoned dwellings;

forgotten in storage or in the homes of folk who

dont read; or suppressed by courts, governments,

and guilds.

Secular Aims: Certain senior Glyphscribes

fell into the habit of assembling written informa-

tion they knew would be precious to a ruler, an

archwizard, or other powerful individual. They

would then trade that information to that individ-

ual in return for access to other records they knew

the individual possessed, which they could gain

access to no other way.

Over time, this behavior split into two practices

on the part of a handful of Glyphscribes. One

is selling information, which they justify doing

on the grounds that it empowers the church of

Deneir to purchase other records, or to buy ac-

cess to spellbooks and other valuable tomes for

Glyphscribes to copy. The other is using the in-

formation they possess to manipulate or blackmail

powerful beings. They justify such worldly deal-

ings as getting closer to recovering some part of

the ultimate truth, but in the eyes of Elminster

144

Chapter 5

While a Glyphscribe carves the mark of Deneir in the air of a forest glade before him, one of Eldaths Guardians stands by to make sure

that matters dont get out of control. The symbol does not seem to be actual fire, but one never knows. . . .

and other observers, they are becoming as adept

at, and addicted to, controlling others as the

Zhentarim are.

Most active among these worldly Glyphscribes

are the cold, paranoid you are with me or you

are my foe High Scrivener Ambaerostrus of

Athkatla; the sly and softly smiling everyones

friend Belurtus Mhellovrar of Zazesspur; and

the urbane, superb actor Taumpras Irorlar of

Saerloon.

Eldath, the Quiet One

Creed: Seek stillness, and so find peace.

Preserve, cleanse, and repair pools, waterfalls,

fastnesses (sacred glades), and groves. Take no

thinking life save to defend it, to defend yourself,

or to defend other life it directly threatensand

then only when there is no alternative. Replant

where there is felling or burning, and work with

the faithful of Mielikki and Silvanus to make

forests strong, lush, and beautiful. Do no vio-

lence that is not needful. Prevail not in anger or

R

O

N

N

O

C



O

M

A

I

L

L

I

W

pride, but in sorrow. Improve something in a for-

est every day, from watering what has dried to

tidying brush to clearing the course of a rivulet.

Reflect on your own deeds, think on what is to be

done, but brood not. Merely understand, accept,

and find peace without seeking it. Explain to oth-

ers that this is Eldaths way and the trail to true

serenity, but proselytize not. Help others when-

ever possible, so that they may become friendlier

to the forest.

Secular Aims: All Eldathyn are enraged by

deliberately set forest fires, and will fight with

their spells to douse such blazes or minimize

them and try to get as many animals safely away

from the flames as possible. Any creature theyve

seen setting or augmenting such a blaze will not

receive their help, and although they wont attack

them, they wont seek to protect them, either.

Eldathyn are formally referred to as Glade-

guardians but usually call themselves merely

Guardians, and they are popularly known across

the Realms as Gentle Guardians or the Gentle.

GODS AND FOLLOWERS

145

They are encouraged to make their living from

the forest by way of harvesting plants and brew-

ing potions, and they often serve as herbalists for

nearby villages or hamlets. Very few have self-in-

terested aims that stray from Eldaths way, though

some find peace in whittling wood, painting, or

making items they can sell.

A notable exception is one of the few wander-

ing Eldathyn clerics, the priestess Hornlarra the

Feller Braeszund, who finds peace only when

the heart of a forest contains no walls, fences,

or buildings. When she sees construction in the

heart of a forest she fells and scatters it, calling on

the aid of forest creatures such as treants when

she can, aiming for its obliteration. If a build-

ing is in use, she wont fight its occupantsbut

she might calmly dismantle the structure around

them or bring it down on their heads. If the oc-

cupants appear formidable and belligerent, she

avoids confrontation, melting into the forest and

waiting, silently and with incredible patience, for

a time when everyone has left the building. Then

she will bring it down.

Finder Wyvernspur, the

Nameless Bard

Finder is worshiped by small groups of folk who

gather in secluded rooms of private homes owned

by believers, and in many places in the Realms,

the faith of Finder is largely an upper room

cult. The faith isnt evil, suppressed, or frowned

upon, but it has thus far taken a low-profile, We

know these divine secrets that the temples of

more famous gods have missed approach. Yet

inevitably some priests of other faiths are angered

by the so-called false beliefs and claims of those

who venerate Finder because they differ from the

teachings and beliefs of their own faith.

In Waterdeep, worship of Finder occurred at

the Plinth and in upper rooms of private resi-

dences until 1372 DR. At that point, a modest

temple of Finder was opened in Trades Ward in

a substantially unaltered, commonplace building

that had formerly been a street-level shop with

two floors of living suites above it.

Gond, the Wonderbringer

Creed: Encourage innovation and the in-

vention of new tools, mechanics, and gadgets.

Procure and record every new tool, process, and

mechanical assembly. Yet preserve and record old

ways of doing things, as well as improvised-from-

nature processes and tools, so fresh starts can be

made if any mechanized means go wrong. Assist

inventors and those who sell new tools and new

mechanical things, whether they venerate Gond

or not. If rulers or scoundrels seek to harm or

capture these inventors and sellers of inventions,

to destroy or seize their works, then you must de-

fend them, free them, and liberate their works.

Copy everything, so that nothing will be irretriev-

ably lost. Show mechanical devices to everyone,

and demonstrate the lever, the swivel joint, the

gear, the cog, and the pulley, so every eye can

see there are other ways to capture wonder and

accomplish things than just magic and prayer.

When clergy or mages oppose you, cooperate

rather than confront, and make common cause

rather than enemies.

Secular Aims: Gondsmen are formally styled

Wonderbringers, but since Gond himself is The

Wonderbringer, they prefer to address each other

as Fellow Artificer, Brother Artificer, or Sister

Artificer. They subscribe to both a public creed

(above), and a secret creed. Their secret creed is

as follows:

Influence or control every ruler possible, so the

works of Gond will be embraced byand forced

on, if need beeveryone, smashing guilds and

others who wont champion them. Covertly en-

rich oneself personally by selling Gondar wonders

and by cheaply buying up the lands and buildings

of those ruined by competition over such won-

ders. Work to become so wealthy that you can

live like a kingand overwhelm and subsume the

church of Waukeen, just as Gond shall conquer

and wed Waukeen herself.

Whenever a wizard or other wielder-of-Art de-

stroys something mechanical or its maker without

just personal cause, avenge that blow. Eliminate

spellcasters who openly deride, hate, or fear in-

ventions and mechanicscovertly, whenever

possible, but openly if you must. To the public,

magic and mechanics are not at war. Privately,

they are deadly foes. So smile and be an ally in

146

Chapter 5

public, but await a good chance to smite spellcast-

ers who denigrate or oppose Gond.

Both the stationary Gondsmen in Waterdeep,

Athkatla, Selgaunt, Saerloon, Baldurs Gate, and

the other burgeoning cities of the Realms, and

the majority who wander, include ambitious indi-

viduals who hunger for power and wealth. They

tend to be bold but to think ahead, establishing

hidey-holes for caches of weapons and transport

vehicles, inventions that entrap intruders, and

wealth. Every one of them has plans of his or her

own, for Gond doesnt seem to mind his clergy

doing well for themselves so long as they use in-

ventions, modify inventions, and stir others to

invent and innovate as they proceed.

Hundreds of Gondsmen scheme to make them-

selves coin mountains or rulers or both, just

as soon as they can. One example is the golden-

eyed and urbane Aersilk Krondamar in Athkatla.

Another is the striding, whirlwind-swift Mad

Madeenan Breldart, who races around the Heart-

lands selling small disguised pistols and blades

that fold down into scroll tubes, all the while

aiding inventors and shopkeepers who want to

mechanize things. Some Gondsmen are bound to

succeedor blow up Faern trying.

Helm, the Vigilant One

Creed: Guard perfectly, attentively, and with

forethought; be ever vigilant. Guard what you are

ordered to guard, including that on which your

charge depends. If ordered to guard the king,

guard also the throne and the castle around the

throne. If ordered to guard a man, keep safe also

his family, his drinking water, his food, his liveli-

hood, and whatever else he holds dearest. Be alert

for slow and subtle attacks, not merely bold fron-

tal challenges.

Yet let not your guardianship extend into offi-

ciousness and attempts to use your status or office

to control others. Be prepared, know your foes,

and be fair and farsighted in the performance of

your duties. On duty, do not stray, sleep, or allow

yourself to be distracted or lured from your post.

Consider weaknesses in guardianship and deal

with them. Corrupt or false guardians must be

exposed and replaced. Be ever watchful for cor-

ruption, even among fellow Vigilators. Guard

with your life; Helm expects no less.

Secular Aims: Helmite clergy are colloqui-

ally referred to as the Watchful, and are formally

known as Vigilators or Hands of the Vigilant One.

They are trained military personnel who keep

themselves and their weapons, armor, and other

gear in the best of shape and readiness. Other

gear includes a dagger with a magnifying lens in

its pommel and a far-seer, which is a sturdy tele-

scoping spyglass. Frequent drilling with weapons

and the establishment of handy caches of hidden

backup weapons are church requirements.

The Vigilators have always hired themselves

out as guards of both persons and places. Thieves

and intruders have long known that to slay a Vigi-

lator guard is to court Helms disfavorand his

priesthoods, too. If you slay a Watcher, no one

who knows about it will guard and protect you,

as the old folk warning goes.

Vigilators strive to be exactingly attentive to

the orders they are given when guarding and

protecting, and the church itself is a disciplined

hierarchy. As such, corruption within its ranks

tends to occur only in the upper echelon of offi-

cers, who consider themselves to have some room

for interpretation of orders, and for particular tac-

tical and strategic determinations.

One early Vigilator who fell from grace was

the Archancel (arr-chan-sell) Rhordren Thar-

dras, who came to believe that some groups and

individuals had to be protected against them-

selves. This belief led to his giving orders that had

Vigilators commanding during a crisis and then

openly ruling those they were protecting. Several

Vigilators since then have succumbed to similar

sins, believing that various folk need to be ruled

by priests of Helm for their own good or their

own protection. Commanding in a crisis is now

frowned upon within the church.

The Supreme Watcher is the highest office in

the church of Helm. The post has been long va-

cant, since Helm saw evil awaken within the last

three holders of the office and thus decided not

to affirm another Supreme Watcher for a time.

Below (and nowadays in lieu of) the Supreme

Watcher, four Archancels meet in council to

steer the faith. Each commands the faction of the

clergy of Helm that operates in a certain quarter

of Faern. Traditionally, the first-designated of

these quarters includes the Sword Coast as far

south as the northern boundary mountains of

Amn, everything west of that in and across the

GODS AND FOLLOWERS

147

Sea of Swords, and everything east of that as far

as the western fringes of the High Forest. The

second of these quarters contains the North as far

east as Rashemen and as far south as the north-

ern shores of the Sea of Fallen Stars, and from

the north shore of the Dragonmere west to the

northern boundary mountains of Amn. The third

contains everything west and south of the north-

ern boundary of Amn and the south shore of the

Dragonmere and Inner Sea, to the Chondalwood

and the Landrise. The fourth quarter consists of

everything east of the first three quarters.

The four Archancels are nominally equal, but

have precedence among each other based on per-

sonal seniority, which is determined by length of

service combined with personal standing in the

regard of Helm. Reporting to each Archancel are

four Chancels, who serve as personal agents and

envoys. Chancels oversee Vigilator activities in

their Archancels quarter and investigate matters

of internal discipline.

These Vigilator activities include the making of

arms, shields, and armor. Vigilators dont exclu-

sively use church-made armor and weapons, but

instead have over the years founded many armor-

ies to equip fellow Watchful, and also make armor

and weapons for sale. These sales have proven

to be ongoing sources of minor corruption, as

Vigilators sometimes sell to one side in a conflict

but not another on the basis of offerings to the

church made by one side that are really personal

bribes.

Below the Chancels are varying numbers of

Bishous, each of whom administers to a realm, a

region, or a city-state. Below the Bishous are Lec-

tors, who are local investigators and Helmite force

commanders; Ardeacons, who train and spiritu-

ally guide lower ranks of Vigilators; Prelates, who

are Helmite force unit commanders; Vicarphs;

Pryats, who are priests; Novices; and Honored

Laity, who are nonclergy holding offices in Hel-

mite churches and other properties.

As Ardeacon Baeryk Halholdaun famously said

in 1236 DR, Our zeal is oft our undoing. We see

the flaws in those we guard, then seek to address

them because they are weaknesses that make our

guarding less perfectand in our seeking we

stray over the line into tyranny, or into causing

strife, and so drift from the purpose and grace

of Helm.

As Elminster added dryly, Helmites mean

well and are the best of sentriesbut almost all of

them are human, and so are forever drifting away

from Helm.

Ilmater, the Crying God

Creed: Share and give counsel and listen

whenever needful. Be a comfort and a support.

Stand up for the oppressed, guide the lost, and

give food, water, medicines, firewood, clothing,

and shelter to all in needand burial to those be-

yond mortal need. Life is sacred and suffering is

holy, but life implies the freedom to make bad

choices or embrace danger and hurt; thus, seek

not to control what others do. Sacrifice and know

pain and loss on behalf of others, but do not in-

dulge in the sin of enjoying pain, benefiting from

your sufferings, or seeking revenge primarily to

inflict more pain.

Secular Aims: Ilmatari priests are collectively

called the Adorned (formally Adorned Sufferers),

and include among their ranks Healers, Pain-

bearers, and Sanctars. Healers work directly with

common folk, to heal and lessen suffering. These

individuals are often found in slums and sanctu-

aries where the destitute and ill can find shelter

and be tended. Painbearers travel Faern and

work to lessen large causes of suffering, such as

wars, feuds, slavers, class and racial exploitation,

and even local bullying. The Painbearers and

the Sanctars work with clergy of Tyr and Torm

(fellow deities of the Triad) and with priests of

Lathander to further fairness, security, happiness,

and hope for all.

Sanctars are the highest and most secretive

clergy of Ilmater; they are the judges of other

Adorned, internal investigators of the faith, and

the enforcers who fight to protect fellow Adorned

and their work. Where other Ilmatari merely suf-

fer and endure, a Sanctar seeks to punish any

being who has harmed or mocked the clergy of Il-

mater. Ilmatari paladins are Sanctars and knights

of their particular orders.

Certain Sanctars have apparently received

personal direction from Ilmateror believe they

have, and have not suffered any rebuke to dis-

abuse them of this beliefthat suffering would

be shared more broadly, but lessened in its worst

excesses if wealth were redistributed from the

very wealthy to the poorest. These few Sanctars

148

Chapter 5

are at work in Athkatla, Waterdeep, the cities

of Sembia, and elsewhere to steal or manipulate

any coins, trade goods, and property they can

get from the rich and successful. These spoils

they then pass on to the needy. They also work

to equalize taxation, to pressure governments

into providing for their poorest citizens, and to

ensure that courtiers and other officials found

guilty of corruption are heavily fined rather than

merely jailed or dismissed from their posts. Some

Sanctars work tirelessly to find and expose such

corruptionparticularly when it involves the

misuse of public funds that would otherwise have

benefited the wider populace.

Lathander, the Morninglord

Lathanders priests are the clergy most concerned

with business start-ups, new ideas, get-rich-quick

schemes, social renewals, and reorganizations

usually involving smaller groups rather than

governments, though sometimes of government

bureaucracies, too. They are the folk to see if you

need a larger loan than a local moneylender will

provide.

Optimists are preferred as clergy, and their

upbeat nature is infectious, making Lathand-

erites popular. The clergy host parties to which

they bring carefully chosen eloquent thinkers

who like to converse. Once everyone is together,

they watch over the proceedings with sober-up

spells held ready to keep anyone from getting so

intoxicated that heated debates turn into brawls

or enthusiastic agreements drift into lovemaking.

They want the revelers to listen and talk and then

go home feeling inspired, uplifted by new ideas,

and a part of new endeavors, movements, and

ways of daily doing things.

Some Lathanderites are matchmakers, seeing

this activity as fostering newness in lives, but oth-

ers believe this function is more properly left to

Chauntea, or Sharess, or even Siamorphe, if the

partners are noble.

Creed: The Morninglord stands for new

beginnings and ideas, innovation and artistic ex-

pression, renewal and self-perfection, birth and

fertility, creativity and vitality, youth and athleti-

cism, and dawn and spring. He abhors undeath

and desires to see it destroyed, and is a fierce foe

of evil and the tolerance of evil. Be as Lathander.

Support new beginnings of all sorts, be they

lives, businesses, ideas, fashions, art, or ways of

doing things. Scorn not old art in favor of the

new, for all art is expression that stirs new think-

ing in those who work it and those who behold

it. Plant seeds and seedlings, and make common

cause with the clergy of Chauntea. Sow hope even

more often than you sow seeds. Greet each dawn

personally, so as to be closest to Lathander and

so as to drink in the bright hope that every sun-

rise brings. Helping others and instilling hope are

more important than laws, rules, and adherence

to authority.

Secular Aims: The Awakened (novices of

the priesthood) are trained and manipulated by

Dawnbringers (Lathanderite priests) to experi-

ence hope and to share hope with others. Belief in

the uplifting power of daily hope is their strength

and what drives them, and kindling and main-

taining this zest for life is essential for one who

would do successful service to Lathander. Spread-

ing hope and enthusiasm is your holy task, your

lifes work, and your daily salvation, in the words

of Dawnmaster Istorn Malvantur of Elturel.

Every Dawnbringer is encouraged to share

new ideas, as well as to help common folk every-

where with their new ideas. Lathanderite clergy

fund new endeavors and facilitate cooperation

between crafters and traders by bringing them

into contact, guaranteeing loans, and witness-

ing agreements. From there, its a short step into

going into business for oneselfand many Dawn-

bringers do just that, becoming wheeler-dealer

moneylenders, traders, investors, and lobbyists in

the mercantile world all across Faern (but con-

centrated in cities, ports, and market towns).

The popular expression as eager as a Dawn-

bringer seeking to sell you a rag folded in a new

way speaks to public bemusement at the tire-

less hucksterism of some Lathanderites. In the

faith of the Morninglord, promotion of the

new trumps possible negative consequences

or the (very rare) disapproval of the church of

Lathander. As a result, most Dawnbringers are

avid boosters, sponsors, and abettors of swindles,

new business ventures, and (often covert) new

ways in trade. As a merchant of Selgaunt put it,

Intrigues? Theyre what you cant hear or see us

doing behind all the excited bustling and cajoling

done by the dawn-dancing, hope-happy-heads of

Lathander.

GODS AND FOLLOWERS

149

Leira, the Lady of the Mists

Creed: The meaning of life lies in deception

and falsity. To deceive is to live, and to manipu-

late through deceit is to triumph. Bald fact is

mere existence, and even death can be an illu-

sion. If you believe nothing you see or hear, you

embrace the Goddess of Deception and Illusion,

and will succeed. Plain and whole truth must

be spoken to fellow Mistshadowedamong the

ranks of the Unmasked, there must be no deceit.

Outside our holy fellowship, let untruth always

swirl strong. Lie to someone every day. Weighty

and well-told lies are better than merely frivolous

ones. The best sort of lie is wholly believable and

spurs those who believe it to do things they would

not have done had they not heard it. Foster and

pass on rumors daily, and revel in the delicious

sharing of confidences and gossip that are untrue.

The truth is worthless; falsehood is the allure and

satisfying drink of life.

Spread superior falsehoods and deceit and

prosper thereby, for in your success, the Mist-

shadow deepens, and the Lady succeeds, too.

Secular Aims: The Mistshadowed (clergy of

Leira) are expected to deceive outsiders as often

as it is possible to do so well, and at least once

daily. They are also expected to try to profit from

their many deceits, and to sharewithout decep-

tion as to the amounta tenth of what they make

with the church of Leira. Fellow Mistshadowed

are expected to aid in deceptions they deem el-

egantfor a share of the takings, of course.

Deceiving a fellow clergy of Leira can lead to

one being expelled from the church and victim-

ized by the Shunning of the Lady: Leiras curse,

which means no one will ever believe anything

regarding the cursed one, even what they can see

with their own eyeswhich state of affairs usu-

ally leads to the accursed becoming an outcast or

finding death through bitter fighting or a swift

suicide.

Priests of Leira will work together ruthlessly

against anyone who deceives one of them, but

otherwise tend to operate alone, working decep-

tion upon deception in every city of Faern.

Under multiple names, they accumulate prop-

erties and hide caches of wealth in many clever

places. In one Leiran priests house, a cracked,

filthy chamber pot was accidentally broken one

dayand was discovered to have seventy gold

pieces hidden in an unfired clay slurry lining that

had been used to reseal and repair the pot.

Mistshadowed never stop swindling and ma-

nipulating and investing. As Exalted Mistcloak

Irltobrand Zamrest of Ormpur puts it, We like to

feel the Ladys smile.

Lliira, Our Lady of Joy

Creed: Joy is the essence, the spark, and

the reward of life when expressed in revelry.

Joy bound up inwardly is joy unshared, and joy

shared is joy increased for all. Celebrate daily

with non-Joydancers, even if only in impromptu

dances and chanted ditties and jests imparted.

Awaken smiles and laughter, lighten hearts, and

encourage folk to express their joy. Sing without

shame or criticism; mimic without malice; lam-

poon without nasty intent, but only in laughter.

Secular Aims: Joydancers (priests of Lliira)

are expected to put on revels, large and small (but

larger is better), whenever they can. To share joy,

they want strangers and passersby to join in, and

they are pleased when crowds are lured together.

Although unbridled horseplay can be a feature of

many such events, Joydancers are good at revelry

and so often get hired by nobility, the wealthy,

and courtiers to put on events. They are experts

at organization, subtle crowd control, costumes

and decorations, food and drink, the establish-

ment of proper mood, and the pacing of revels.

They are expected to share twenty percent of

their takings with the church of Lliira, but may

keep the restand many Joydancers do quite well

from sideline businesses such as training dancers

and acrobats, selling and renting costumes, and

catering.

Some of Lliiras priests arent above covertly

causing or encouraging local rivalries between

the sponsors of revels. This interplay results in

each side trying to outdo the other, year after

year, by putting on larger, longer, and more ex-

pensive festivitieswhich Joydancers and others

derive ever-increasing profits from. In Sembia

and Amn in particular, such efforts have led to

a rise in flamboyant high society over the years,

setting trends among nobility and the wealthy,

making increasingly florid clothing fashionable,

and popularizing ever more costly feasts and rev-

els. As Joydancer Mralaera Tretta of Saerloon put

150

Chapter 5

A priestess of Lliira and a priestess of Loviatar both love to dance, one for joy and the other for pain. Yet are their dances, all matters con-

sidered, so different? How you answer that question defines you.

it in 1354 DR, Times hard? Play harder! Times

good? Play harder still!

Whenever possible, Joydancers create a cul-

ture of celebration in which folk rich and poor see

no reason not to hold frequent nightly feasts and

revels, after the days work is done. These events

inevitably become the places where adventurers

meet those who want to hire them, where deals

bright and shady are done, where strangers and

long aways hear the latest local news and gos-

sip, and many go to see and be seen.

Loviatar, the Maiden of Pain

Creed: Spread pain, and the love of pain.

Visit pain often upon others, but in a kind, ten-

der way that makes them seek it. Kiss the lash

and feel its sting at least once daily, while praying

to the Maiden. Do hurt, cause agony, inflict tor-

ment, induce suffering, and work tortureall in

a loving manner, so that those you inflict the ca-

resses of Loviatar upon will seek them willingly,

and want more. Never force or coerce.

Be an ever more accomplished actor, playing

the part of someone who cares deeply, so that you

will be loved and longed for by those you hurt.

Doing so makes the hurt deeper. Seduce kings

and other rulers, influential persons, and heads of

wealthy families to the Kiss of Loviatar whenever

possible, that those they influence shall fall into

acceptance of the Sacred Pain. Be mysterious and

alluring, be kindly and flirtatious, and awaken

love and lust. Slay clergy of Ilmater whenever co-

vertly possible.

Secular Aims: Loviathan clergy are formally

called the Lashes of Loviatar, and informally

known as Inflictors. They are encouraged to de-

velop personal relationships, particularly with the

influential and powerful, dealing pain with love

or feigned love so as to dominate their victims.

GODS AND FOLLOWERS

151

E

L

S

I

L

E

B

C

I

R

E

They may keep any wealth and prizes they gain

thereby, so long as they use such relationships

to increase local social acceptance of the Kiss

(willingly suffered pain) and bring more willing

participants to the reverence of Loviatar.

In the mid 1300s DR, the goddess purged her

church of many of its highest-ranking clergy, and

replaced its top-down hierarchy with a far more

independent, broadly based structure. The hi-

erarchy used to consist of a High Whipmistress

pontiff atop seven Exalted Scourges, and a strict

hierarchy of fourteen clerical ranks beneath them.

The new structure has seven Exalted Scourges

and their envoys and discipline agents, the Pains,

at the top. Then, there are administering En-

trusted Whips, who are the heads of temples, and

to whom any number of Lashes (senior priest-

esses) and Lesser Lashes (ordinary priests) report.

This change stimulated personal initiative in the

lower ranks and started the transformation of the

faith from a widely feared, secretive cult cater-

ing only to the wealthiest and highest-ranking in

secular society to an increasingly trendy church.

Inflictors who have risen since this great change

include the following personages.

Lady Ladaeliya Larkoond, the Entrusted

Whip of the Tower of Sighs, which is the temple

of Loviatar in Zazesspur. Larkoond is an allur-

ing beauty who has entranced wealthy merchants

in Amn, Tethyr, and Calimshan, and been gifted

with no fewer than six castles and more than a

dozen vineyards and farms.

Tathjanesse Waerntyr, the Entrusted Whip of

Lashtail House, a temple she founded in Sara-

dush with the personal approval of Loviatar. She

accomplished this after making great personal

advances in the regionseveral rulers seek her as

their consort, and no less than sixteen important

merchants publicly want her hand in marriage.

She is a political confidant in the region, with

ever-increasing influence. As she once told Ex-

alted Scourge Hevendra Vrayn of the Whip of

Athkatla, They come for the pain, and stay for

the embraces and advice.

Andratha Dorntalon, Pain of Elversult, is one

of the most energetic and far-traveled Inflictors.

Dorntalon is a priestess whose exploits would

shame many a veteran adventurer. By turns sub-

missive and a charismatic ruler who projects

absolute authority, Dorntalon enjoys a special

relationship with Loviatar. She carries out secret

missions given to her by the goddess, answers

only to the Exalted Scourges (who treat her with

great respect), and always seems to have con-

cealed weapons or waiting allies to rescue her if

she faces doom. Fellow Inflictors know that her

duties include destroying the most formidable

foes of the church.

Lurue, the Unicorn

Followers of the Dancing Unicorn believe she is

the Art embodied in divinity. They believe that

all that is good and natural in magic, as opposed

to the self-interested castings of mortal spellcast-

ers, is due to Hernot to Azuth or Mystra, who

respectively curb the excesses of wizards and see

to the magical balance of all Faern.

The touch of Lurues horn restores life. It can

cleanse and purify, driving out insanity and the

strongest poison, and even change a persons psy-

chological makeup or race.

Contact with Lurues horn brings the greatest

rapture possible to anyone who can cast magic,

imbuing such peopleone time per individual

with glowing inner peace and endowing them

with nine spells they can cast, by silent act of will,

once each at any point later in their lives. These

spells appear instantly in the recipients mind, are

chosen by Lurue, and might be linked to a destiny

or an intended mission the recipient is unaware

ofor the spells might inspire him or her to walk

a certain path through life.

Luruans travel the Realms interviewing wit-

nesses of Lurues dancing and consulting records

of her past dances, trying to visit every spot where

the Bright Unicorn was seen dancing. Or, rather,

right underneath every spot Lurue was seen danc-

ing, since she usually dances in mid-air, a tall

mans chest height off the ground. They believe

that for every dancing place they stand under,

they rise in Lurues regard, and she will impart

through dreams more and more magical lore to

them. Such lore might be the locations of lost

or hidden magic items, scrolls, or spellbooks, or

it might be knowledge of areas of wild magic or

nodes of power they can draw on simply by step-

ping into them.

Wild magic areas and nodes can harm most

mortals, but those who enter them with the

blessing of Lurue can only be aided by such free

magicor so Luruans believe. And theres strong

152

Chapter 5

evidencemany personal reports of benefits

that theyre right. Usually it heals, restoring lost

or withered body parts and closing all wounds.

Malar, the Beastlord

Malar tends to be worshiped in hunts only in

rural areas, not through city streets, except where

theres a local tradition of a night of misrule or

a night when the old gods walk. Local Malar

worshipers often take advantage of such traditions

to stage their own hunts on the same nightsand

persons who go out on these nights often wind up

as corpses lying on the cobbles in the morning.

Urban-based holy hunts can take place in sew-

ers, large walled gardens belonging to wealthy

worshipers of Malar, and within Malars temples.

When a hunt takes place in a temple, participants

are sometimes blindfolded and in the dark, lightly

armed and unarmored, with all the doors of the

temple spiked open, to give the quarry a fighting

chance in the small confines.

Malarite clergy and fanatical lay worship-

ers prize the scars that they receive from wild

beasts, though one such must be gained through

unarmed grappling with an angry or hungry

monster to be truly worthy.

Some Malarites drink the blood of wild

animals and monsters as if it were fine wine, be-

lieving that such imbibing imparts some of the

power of the creatures to them. A few hold blood

feasts, using whatever blood they can harvest

when a great beast is slain. Other Malarites see

this practice as foolishness, or even blasphemous

straying from the way of Malar, because it deni-

grates beasts that should be exalted.

Creed: Hunt often, in honor of the Beastlord.

Slaughter your quarry bloodily, so it knows its

slayer and its doom. Slay no young, no gestating

creature, and no deepspawn, so as not to lessen

the quarry for hunts ahead. Ignore laws, and

battle law keepers. The only true law is the will of

Malar, and where Malar is silent, the law of the

wild prevails: The strong do as they please, and

the weak flee, obey, or die.

It is Malars will that a quarry that escapes

a hunt not be hunted ever again, but instead be

treated with respect as an Unblooded. Stand

against woodcutters and clearers of the land, feed

the hungry from the bounty of your hunts, and

obey no priest of another god. Taste the blood

of those you kill, and never slay from a distance.

Know cunning and the ways of the wild, but

never fear. Face your foes and prevail.

Secular Aims: Malarite clergy are known

as Bloodhunters, though in some lands theyre

called Beasts, a name of which many are rather

proud. Nominally allied to the clergy of Bane and

Loviatar, and subject to the priests of Silvanus,

in practice Bloodhunters trust no one and make

allies only if they see no other hope of survival

and then only temporarily and reluctantly. They

are bidden to slaughter clergy of Nobanion (Ma-

lars mortal foe) on sight.

Because their kind has been spurned and

treated with open contempt and mistrust for

centuries, some Bloodhunters decide to become

implacable foes of all societies and peoples. How-

ever, they do not attack openly and in so doing

risk getting overwhelmed, but skulk with subtlety.

These Bloodhunters pounce on rulers, courtiers,

envoys, and law keepers they can assault without

witnesses, and tear them apart so that the after-

math looks like the work of wild beasts.

From the 1350s DR onward, in Cormyr, the

environs of Westgate, upcountry Sembia, and the

forests of Tethyr, some Bloodhunters have taken

to quietly accepting payments to make certain

inconvenient individuals the quarries in their

hunts. In this way, they have slowly built up small

personal fortunes. They are well aware that they

are easy scapegoats, though, and are alert for

attempts to betray them or send them into hope-

less missions. Notorious among these skulker

Malarites are the huge, bearlike Orn Belaskar,

who is the Talon of Malar in Daerlun, and Trusk

Mrond, who is the Fang of Malar in Westgate.

Other Bloodhunters have taken to living wild

in caverns, dedicating themselves to out-hunting

bears, leucrottas, and goblinkin for their lairs.

From there, they mount infrequent raids in great

force on nearby settlements, passing caravans,

and farms. Raiding Bloodhunters seek to kill

everyone and leave no witnesses. Then they with-

draw in such a way as to lure any response into a

prepared trap where they can slaughter from posi-

tions of advantage. Then they plunder the fallen,

taking food and other gleanings back to their

lairs, and plan where next to strike.

GODS AND FOLLOWERS

153

Mask, Lord of Shadows

Creed: Steal or deceive daily; the Lord of

Shadows is most pleased if you manage both.

Subtle deception and manipulation always tri-

umph. Convincingly feigned honesty is a sharp

daily sword, misleadingly selective honesty is

subtlety, and pure honesty is for fools. Acquire,

deal, deceive, and acquire more. Give a single

gem every month to the Shadowed Altar, or 2,000

gp in coin or trade bars only if you cannot thieve

a gem. The rest is yoursif you can keep it. Steal

not from fellow Darkfingers, but with style and

frequency from everyone else.

Secular Aims: Priests of Mask are known as

Darkfingers, or sometimes Darks informally. Col-

lectively, they are referred to as the Circle of the

Gray Ribbon, though they consider Circlers an

insult. Mask doesnt require them to steal daily,

but he does command his clergy to engage in de-

ceit dailyand to steal when the time is right, to

gain the best prize or the most wealth. So long

as the altar tithe is made, Darks may keep every-

thing they steal. This not-so-fringe benefit has

made Maskarran clergy into some of the great-

est and most energetic swindlers, smugglers, and

thieves the Realms has ever seen. Most of them

spurn pickpocketing and snatch-and-grab work

in favor of stealing entire loaded coaches, or ships,

or the contents of a warehouse.

A few have sideline businesses in quickly mak-

ing exact look-alike replica gems and jewelry,

for nothing delights a Dark more than stealing the

cost of a castle in gemsand deftly replacing the

gems with nigh-worthless duplicates so the theft

isnt discovered for years, if ever. That sort of act

combines theft with deceit, which earns Masks

highest approval. The Darks Nathel Awbrunton

of Mordulkin and Torsel Halivar of Yhaunn make

particularly fine false gems that can fool many

jewelers and gem cutters.

In earlier times, when Mask was God of In-

trigue, Darkfingers were encouraged to dabble

deeply in local politics, so as to hide their thefts

behind a swirling web of possible treason, suspi-

cious dealings, and misdirections. This web of

intrigues lured law keepers and spies away from

Maskarrans and their illicit activities. Darks often

thrust realms or city-states into civil war or to the

brink of it for amusement, easier thefts, and swin-

dlesand to the greater glory and praise of Mask.

After 1358 DR, Mask grew angry with Darks

who engaged in politics, requiring of them less

bold public activities. Henceforth, they were to

deceive on a personal level and cling to the shad-

ows. Most Darks are inwardly relieved by this

edict, because avoiding politics is far safer and

takes a lot less time and effort. Presently, Dark-

fingers keep lower profiles, buying and selling

properties by means of hired factors unaware of

whom theyre really representing, and concern

themselves with growing richer.

Mielikki, the Forest Queen

Creed: Our Lady of the Forest requires her

Arms of the Forest (the clerics and druids dedi-

cated to her) to defend the trees, and keep the

Balance. An Arm of Mielikki should drive out

or destroy magical and unnatural blights and

evil beasts not native to forests. Each one should

live in the woods, be as one with the woods, and

teach others the ways of the woods. All should be

taught to love and respect wood life, not fear it.

Plant anew wherever the woods are lessened or

harmed. Protect, support, and when need arises

obey the clergy of Silvanus and Eldath.

Secular Aims: Forests must be kept healthy,

and accomplishing that goal might well require

manipulating or bargaining with rulers and gov-

ernments. For instance, an Arm of Mielikki

might let local authorities cut down dead or dying

trees in one place so long as they leave alone a re-

growing area in another place. Mielikkis priests

maintain hidden-vale nurseries of seedlings of all

sorts of forest plants, and defend deep-forest pre-

serves where rare forest animals can breed and

flourish in peace.

Often, in the 1340s DR, the relatively few

elves in the Dales lived and worked hand in hand

with Mielikkis Arms, relying on them to be our

shields. The term arose because if an Arm fell in

battle, there were many more humans to replace

the victimwhereas when an elf perished, there

were no reinforcements to be had. A decade or

so of being battle-companions forged a deep and

abiding trust between Mielikkians and local elves

that survives to this day.

In the 1350s DR, Mielikki marked Florin Fal-

conhand with her favor. Her avatar made love to

him, set him special tasks, and later commanded

him to wed Dove of the Seven Sisters because

154

Chapter 5

By the tenth Realmslore package, my faithful typewriter had run out of ribbons, and my move to the countryside (and the house wherein

I still dwell, amid ever more perilous stacks of books and games) had left me in territory devoid of office supply shops. Yet my editors (and

beyond them, the gaming world) were waiting, so I sat down and handwrote, at top speed, short alphabetical entries regarding names on my

maps that the TSR folks wanted to know more about. Pronto. Decades later, that We gotta know more now situation hasnt changed.

GODS AND FOLLOWERS

155

this unionand its issueare needful. Florin

and Dove had a son, Azalar, whom they took

turns raising in Evermeet.

After the mid 1360s DR, on the outskirts of

Secomber and in upcountry Sembia, some Arms

of Mielikki began purchasing large tracts of land

with coins they had recovered from forest ruins

and hidden caches. They planted these ranches

in ordered plantations of trees rather than as a

natural woodland, creating forest shields to

provide the expanding populations in both areas

with ready timber that the Arms felled and sold

very cheaply. This practice was later repeated in

Amn and Tethyr. Woodcutters in these areas who

instead prefer to despoil the natural forest are met

with violence, often at the hands of outlander ad-

venturing bands that the Arms hire as armies of

the trees, in preference to fighting most of the

battles themselves.

Milil, Lord of Song

Creed: Teach music and the making of in-

struments, always with joy. Encourage those who

make music to teach it to others and record its

lyrics and tunes, so that no music will ever be

lost. Seek new tunes and new instruments con-

stantly, and master both. Work for ever greater

acceptance of music, everywhere, so that sponta-

neous song and instrumental performances will

be accepted and not merely tolerated, or shunned.

Perform music freely, and awaken the love of song

in all creatures. Work with the clergy of Oghma,

Lliira, Sune, and Mystra, and make common

cause with elves whenever possible. Encourage

the clergy of Gond to remember music in their

mechanicsand all clergy to use more song and

music, not just more volume, in their rituals.

Secular Aims: Sorlyn (priests of Milil) are

called upon by Milil to perform and to teach how

to make instruments without charging a price,

but they need not tutor for free or give away in-

struments that they have made. Many Sorlyn

in their travels tutor the poor and hard-working

commoners at no charge, or perhaps in return for

a meal or a drink, but when they become regu-

lar tutors of nobility, royalty, or the very wealthy,

those same Sorlyn charge fees. The casually orga-

nized priesthood of Milil expects every Sorlyn to

donate what coins he or she can spare to church

coffers once a year, preferably in winter or at the

coming of spring. Some Sorlyn engage in friendly

competition with their fellow priests, donating

ever-increasing amounts to show off their per-

sonal success. Nonetheless, Sorlyn are essentially

entitled to keep every coin they make. Many Sor-

lyn charge healthy fees for making or repairing

instruments (how healthy depending greatly on

the perceived wealth of the client) and become

quite rich.

One such affluent individual is the minstrel

Ilmer Yuskalorn, who is famous around the Inner

Sea by his last name alone. Yuskalorn settled in

the Sembian city of Selgaunt and worked tire-

lessly to make paerehel (personalized entrance)

tunes a customary feature of government meet-

ings and rituals. In other words, whenever a

courtier, a ruler, or a guild representative formally

enters a meeting place or a room of state, that

persons very own brief tune is played, rather

than merely a war-horn fanfare for the ruler and

nothing for everyone else. Other people attending

such affairs started to demand their own tunes,

and Yuskalorn was happyfor fees, of courseto

compose tunes for them and to teach those ditties

to other musicians. The fashion of paerehel tunes

has caught on and is spreading, notably to Cor-

myr and the rest of Sembia, though it has thus far

been frowned upon in Westgate.

Another Sorlyn of interest is Daretha Haelim-

broke, a bard in Chessenta who has some small

talent for the Art. She works with three indepen-

dent wizardsEndrelle Laryndar of Mordulkin,

Berem Duntrel of Luthcheq, and Aumdror

Velaszkyr of Gheldanethon linking spells to

tunes. Her short, simple melodies, when played

correctly, in the right key, and with the right in-

strumenttrigger the magics they are linked

to, opening doors, turning on or shutting down

wards, unleashing offensive spells, and so on.

Myrkul, Lord of Bones

Creed: Make certain daily that all fear the

Lord of Boneswho cannot be evaded, hidden

from, or shut out. For the dead are his sub-

jects, and the slide into death his pleasure and

his dominion. Speak daily to all you meet of the

Doombringers to come and Doombringers past

those moved by Myrkul to bring death, delivering

souls to the one who shall have them all in the

end, the mighty and the low-born, the cloaked in

156

Chapter 5

proud Art and the barely able to speak. Silently

remind folk of death by your garb, the skulls you

carry, and the finger bones you trail behind you

as you travel. You fear nothing, for to harm you is

to die.

Secular Aims: Myrkulyte priests are known

as the Anointed, and are sometimes called the

Grinning Anointed in reference to the human

skulls they carry and the skull masks some of

them wear. They tend to remain silent, and when

they speak, it is in a whisper or a calm voice, and

it is only ever a few words. It is poor form among

the Anointed to show emotion when one can

instead speak coldly and flatly, and maintain ap-

parent calm.

Word spread during the early 1300s DR that

to do any violence to a priest of Myrkul was to

die. Not on the spot; the belief is that Anointed

of Myrkul know when one of their own dies, and

how, and inexorably hunt down any responsible

slayers. This reputation led to a few thieves and

desperate individuals seeking to escape justice

or manhunts by masquerading as clergy of the

Reaper, so that no one would be inclined to ap-

proach them. These people dressed in black robes

and skull masks and carried skulls or scythes to

look like Anointedor like Myrkul himself. For

these folk, Myrkulyte clergy make an exception:

They slay on sight anyone who had been attempt-

ing this ruseand as painfully as possible. Word

of such encounters has got around, with the result

that fewer and fewer folk dare even get in the way

of the unhurriedly strolling Anointed.

In turn, this enhanced reputation means that

priests of Myrkul are free to just walk up and take

almost anything they desire. This freedom ex-

tends only to nonliving objects; the loved ones of

someone an Anointed assaults or attempts to take

captive typically will fight to protect their kin or

beloved. Some Anointed use this privilege to go

through life never paying for a meal or any item

they fancy; others use it to amass large personal

fortuneswhich Myrkul doesnt seem to mind.

The Anointed are a casually organized priest-

hood, with rank (Higher Anointed, Anointed,

Lesser Anointed, and Initiate) based largely

on seniority and experience in the presence of

Myrkul himself. Myrkul is known to visit those

he favors personally, chilling them with his touch

or embrace. Those who survive the terror and

permanent withering that such contact brings

improve their standing in the church. Myrkul

did away with supreme high priests at the head

of his church after several rebelled against him

or sought to deceive him. Lower-ranking priests

must obey, aid, and give money, food, or shelter

to higher-ranking onesbut this is expected to be

temporary aid of the moment, not a way for the

higher-ranking to live off those in the lower ranks.

Such abuse is rightful grounds for a lower-rank-

ing Anointed to simply defy a higher Anointed.

Anointed of Myrkul are expected to slay (or at

least coerce into changing their ways) law keepers,

courtiers, and rulers who harass, arrest, jail, or

slay necromancers or anyone purely for practicing

necromancy. Otherwise, they are free to spread

fear dailyand to enrich themselves in any man-

ner they see fit, short of betraying the faith.

Mystra, Mother of All Magic

Creed: Seek to learn and create new magic

always, and love the Art for itself, not for what it

can do for you. Know when not to use magic and

when a little of it, skillfully applied, can suffice.

Be deft and efficient in wielding the Art, never

careless or reckless. Be mindful that the Art is the

gift of the Lady of Mysteries, and use it humbly,

not proudly. Teach magic to all, high and low,

and use it to benefit others, so that acceptance of

magic grows and the ability to wield magic wid-

ens from a select few to almost every creature of

Faern. Let magic prevail and brighten life, not

reign over it and constrain it.

Craft new spells and magic items as the Ladys

visions and mysteries move you. Delight and thrill

in the use of magic, but strive to master it ever

more precisely, so that less of it can achieve more.

Preserve magical lore, but share it rather than

hiding it, that all may taste it and set aside their

fear of its power.

Secular Aims: Of old, priests of Mystra were

known as Mystrels, and later Mystwardens or

Bearers of Mystery. By the 1300s DR, they were

popularly called Magerobes, though they called

themselves Servants (after Servants of Mystra).

Like the Chosen of Mystra who are so infamous

in tavern tales and legends, her Servants travel

the Realms instructing creatures in the use of

magic, and leaving spell scrolls, workbooks (sim-

ple spellbooks), and even magic items to be found.

The intent is to leave so much magic in so many

GODS AND FOLLOWERS

157

places that rulers, law keepers, and selfish wizards

cant hope to find all of it. Servants of Mystra are

to work against those who seek to restrict magic,

and humble or throw down those who seek to

use magic for tyranny. Yet they are also to make

sure that magic is alive everywhereand used

for good as well as for evil and selfish reasons, so

that folk have some respite from brute force and

the sword, and so that succor does not become a

worse scourge than the sword it opposes.

The Servants of Mystra are few, and in the

early 1300s DR they were so often attacked by evil

spellcasters, and by rulers or rebels seeking to cap-

ture and control potent magic, that increasingly

they took to traveling in disguises. A common

disguise for Servants was as caravan merchants,

in trains full of ordinary traders who had no idea

who was in their midst. These Servants revealed

themselves only in private to spellcasters or to

those who had a gift for the Art but knew it not, or

knew not what to do with their abilities.

So long as the Servants teach magic and spread

it, Mystra cares not if they pursue side projects or

hobbies, such as ruling small villages, founding or

joining families that rise to wealthy near-nobility

through their magical aid, or making themselves

rich through their magic. Several became reclu-

sive rulers in the Border Kingdoms, but covertly

taught scores of people in upcountry Sembia

and the Vast to cast spells. Others did the same

in the Tashalar and around the Lake of Steam,

intending that no Calishite conqueror would suc-

ceed in expanding into such areas without being

unexpectedly opposed by fierce magic. Mystras

Chosen meddled in politics on a grand scale, and

some of her lesser Servants have followed those

examples, seeking to curb rulers who use brawl-

ing brawn in favor of those who respect magic and

use it wisely, not tyrannically. Others prefer to

work illusions to delight children and elders alike

around a campfire or in a tavern taproom.

Nobanion, Lord Firemane

Creed: The Lion God of Gulthmere decrees

that hunting must be done to eat or feed those

that one provides fornever for sport or mere

slaughter where the meat is wasted. True strength

lies in teamwork and compassion, protecting the

weak rather than bullying them. Live with the

land rather than against it. Seek not to tame, nor

to prolong suffering. Kill swiftly and cleanly.

Learn dignity and honor from the visions sent by

Nobanion. Make offerings to Nobanion by giv-

ing hunted meat to the hungry. Lead rather than

command. Inspire by example, and do your own

hard and dirty work.

Secular Aims: Priests of Nobanion are col-

lectively and individually known as Nobanim, or

the Pride of Nobanion (not Prides, and never the

Proud, though their foes in the clergy of Malar

customarily call them so). They are charged to

disrupt and frustrate the practices of Malar when

they encounter them, scattering Malarite hunts

and rescuing the quarry whenever possible. They

are to demonstrate compassion rather than ruth-

lessness, and are expected to be noble examples at

all times. Nobanim may not sell beasts nor break

them, though they may assist in the sort of ani-

mal training where one animal (or a herd) teaches

another animal, rather than a human forcing an

animal into obedience. They are encouraged to

help breed, birth, and tend injured, sickly, and

very young or very old beasts. They are charged

to befriend animals and guide them to shelter,

their own kind, water, food, and a way out of a

place they no longer want to be. The Pride of

Nobanion are allowed to accept breeding fees

and payments for animal feed or grazing rights,

but water must always be given at no cost. They

can accept payment to tutor animal handlers and

trainers who work with animals rather than seek-

ing to command them.

Nobanim work to encourage views among

civilized Faernians that wild animals must be

allowed to share the Realms with society, not all

be tamed, eaten, or slain as monsters. In horse

breeding and ranching country, they encour-

age the belief that some herds must be allowed to

roam free, providing stronger breeding stock for

domesticated herds to occasionally mingle with.

At least one Pride of Nobanion is the Herdlord

of a pack of mixed wild beasts in the Chondal-

wood, where he hunts Malarites, leucrottas, and

hunters in his quest to prevent the Chondalwood

from being encroached upon by farmers, ranch-

ers, and woodcutters.

Most Nobanim have little use for grand homes,

possessions, or much coin. They live simply, close

to nature, and they prize vigor, clean water, good

food (much of it raw leaves, tubers, and nuts), and

the freedom to roam.

158

Chapter 5

Oghma, Lord of Knowledge

Creed: Whether a member of the orthodox

church of Oghma or the Oghmanyte church in

exile, the two branches of the divided priesthood

of the Binder, a priest of Oghma is popularly

known as a Keeper. Orthodox Oghmanytes say

this is short for Keepers of the Faith, while their

rivals, the exiles, claim its an abbreviation for

Keepers of Knowledge. The schism occurred

over who was truly the true Grand Patriarch of

the faith, and a difference in outlook. The ortho-

dox church places the highest value on recording

the past and analyzing records to know all

that can be known about what is and has been,

whereas the exiles hold that knowledge of the

past is the key to the future, and that it is unholy

not to make and continually refine predictions

and preparations based on that knowledge.

Active and passive, some have termed these

two approaches, though Elminster warns this is

a gross oversimplification. Exiles were originally

centered in Sembia and later Cormyr, before relo-

cating in the mid 1400s DR to Akanl.

One heresyor true belief, depending on

ones point of viewamong Keepers is that the

Grand Patriarch who disappeared during the

Time of Troubles was hidden by Oghma himself

as a test of his clergy, to see if they would remain

true to the quest for uncovering and recording

knowledge, or would be tempted into the human

failings of power struggles and reinterpretations

of the faith.

Secular Aims: Keepers of both branches of

the faith are formally known as Namers, and re-

main charged to assemble and preserve written

knowledgeparticularly ideasand to share it

whenever possible. A priest must copy out valu-

able written lore and give it away at least once

annually, and must teach others how to read

and write at no cost. As a source of income, one

may sell writing implements, maps, and written

lore, and give learned opinions, definitions, and

explanations in return for fees. Some sell and

make books of all sorts, including blank ones,

or provide to order writing services, covering

anything from love letters to advertisements, and

from formal business letters to torrid fiction for

personal entertainment.

Namers encourage a love of reading, theater,

and music everywhere, and push for the social

and court acceptance of sages, bards, experts, ac-

tors and performers, and researchers. Namers

might sponsor and be investment partners in pub-

lishing endeavors, theaters, touring productions

and troupes, and scrivening businesses. A few,

located in larger cities, have done very well from

such livelihoods, including:

Sartrove Kalisskryl of Athkatla

Simbrew Archyne of Baldurs Gate

Erdrem Savallaskur of Calimport

Tammurth Tarndrover of Iriaebor

Dar Lassen of Ormpur

Imreth Hyldohbrand of Procampur

Danneth Trellbrand of Saradush

Surue Ladylore Layvenvore of Saerloon

Faerdar Ophardyn of Selgaunt

The sisters Ilidue and Narlylle Jahnessper of

Silverymoon

Ildor Marcownt of Tharsult

Gordryn Haeront of Waterdeep

Belaphar Saltune of Yhaunn

Red Knight, Lady of Strategy

Typical offerings on the altar of the Red Knight

are coins won in wagering over games of skill

(such as lanceboard, a version of chess) but never

in games of chance. The greatest possible offer-

ings are new strategy games (board, pieces, and

rules) personally devised by the worshiper, pro-

vided they are well designed.

If such an offering is given in a temple, these

new games always vanish from the altar, taken by

the clergy, of course. If given in private, whether

in the open or at a shrine, the worshiper buries

the items along with a symbol of the goddess in

earth into which a single drop of his or her blood

has been spilled. (A crude horse-head chess piece

design scratched into a piece of bark or onto a

stone will suffice as a symbol, if nothing better

can be had.)

It is sinful for the same worshiper to unearth

such things and reuse them as offerings, or for

other faithful of the Red Knight to knowingly

use the offerings of another in their own prayers

to the goddess. However, its quite acceptable to

use the offerings of others in different ways

wagering with them, selling them, or giving

them away.

Devout faithful of the Red Knight often have

scores of red horse-headed lanceboard pieces

GODS AND FOLLOWERS

159

made for them to use as symbols in just such

situations. If nonclerical worshipers of the Red

Knight are traveling with a priest of the Lady of

Strategy and make prayers to the goddess, it is ac-

ceptable for the priest to collect and carry along

all such offerings, meaning to turn them over to a

temple of the goddess at the first opportunity. If

doing this becomes impossible, such sacred goods

should be buried.

Typical prayers to the Red Knight are whis-

pered pleas for insight into the thinking of foes

and requests for inspiration, both when strategiz-

ing. A true follower of the Red Knight believes

that all tactical thinking or dreams of battles and

battle strategies are bestowed by her. A devout

worshiper never takes credit for a brilliant strat-

egy or tactic, believing such inspiration always

comes from the goddess.

When a devout follower suffers defeat, over-

looks some stratagem of an opponent, or is

outwitted, the follower typically makes an offer-

ing to the goddess by procuring a shard of good

quality battle armor, gashing himself or herself

with it, and leaving the bloodied metal on the

altar with a prayer. The supplicant does not bind

the wound or seek healing for it until the prayer

is complete. Many worshipers of the Red Knight

take good armor from opponents they have per-

sonally felled and shatter it, so as to have a ready

supply of such shards for times of failure.

Great victories are celebrated by placing tro-

phies of the defeated foes on an altar of the Red

Knight, accompanied by prayer. Such trophies

can be weapons, armor, or blood and body parts.

If no altar is handy, the prayer may be offered lit-

erally on the body of the fallen, on the battlefield

or by the place of death.

Prayers to the Red Knight often begin O,

Lady of Clear Calm, or Great Lady of Armor

Blood-Red, and the goddess betimes gives

long-worshiping individuals a secret name by

which they can call her. This name is imparted

in dreams and is different for every individual.

These names are not thought to be even echoes of

her true name, but rather personal tokens or pet

names symbolizing her favor of the individual.

Formal priestly prayers often include the lines

lady whose armor is drenched in blood for us,

and armor blooded to remind us of our faults

and defeats, but eyes bright to make us mindful

ever of unquenchable spirit and the battle mastery

of fields to come.

Selne, the Moonmaiden

Creed: Worship the moon and embrace moon-

light. Fight darkness, evil, and those who shout

down the moon. Fight fell darkness in the forces

of Shar. And fight the Twisted (evil lycanthropes).

Call on the power of the moons magic and what

it tells all in silence (navigation). Dance in the

moonlight to the glory of the Moonmaiden. Pray

in the moonlight, for Our Lady of Silver gains

tangible power from prayers made to her at these

times. Meditate in the moonlight, for Selne can

guide all who do, even if they do not venerate

her. And love in the moonlight, for the moon-

conceived have the moon alive within them and

will cleave to the worship of Selne.

Secular Aims: So long as priests of Selne

(popularly called Mooncloaks and formally called

Ladyservants) follow the creed, they are free

to make coin by any means they desire. These

sources of income can include wandering the

Realms leading worship under the moon and

accepting offerings, or weaving, shop keeping,

smithy work, or even farming in accordance with

the phases of the moon. They are particularly

valued as ship navigators and as guides through

forests and wild places by moonlit nights. Most

Mooncloaks are female humans, and they range

from barefoot-poor, rural, uneducated, brawny

farm girls to sophisticated, stylish urban nobil-

ity. Most are content to make a comfortable living

rather than engaging in shady dealings in an ef-

fort to get rich or rise in political power or social

influence. Clergy of Selne regard being pushy as

poor form for anyone, not just fellow Mooncloaks.

The Mooncloaks are more collegial than hi-

erarchical, though they do have ranks, from

Postulants, who have expressed an interest in

serving Selne but not yet been taught anything

about the faith, through Novices and Runrae

(roon-ray; singular Runra, meaning simple

priest), up through Alrunrae, Tenembrae, Sar-

tembrae, Trintelrae (upperpriest), and Aumrae

(singular Aumra, akin to a bishop). Outranking

Aumrae are the Calunalae (cal-loon-ah-lay; sin-

gular Calunala). These are independent agents

of the Moonmaiden who go their own way, talk

160

Chapter 5

Above a battlefield strewn with bodies, the Lady of Strategy appearsher aspect bearing a striking resemblance to her symbol.  When a

master stroke of strategy is needed to win the day, nothing can inspire the followers of the Red Knight more than her presence.

often and personally with the goddess, and are

something akin to holy secret agents of Selne.

Aumrae and Calunalae can go moonglow if

they see the need: When an Aumra or a Calunala

is partly or wholly in moonlight, she can at will

instantly change into a glowing gaseous form for

as long as several minutes. A Calunala can also

call up moonblades. These moonblades, unlike

the famous elven swords of the same name, are

glowing swords of force-forged moonlight that

last for a minute or two at most. They strike si-

lently, are weightless, and deal significant injury

to their targets on every hit.

To become a Runra, a Novice is typically given

a small, simple taskan adventure the applicant

should be able to accomplish alone. If she acquits

herself well and is accepted by the goddess, who

will signal this acceptance by sending her a vi-

sion in her dreams, she is thereafter a priest. Each

priests has normal holy duties plus two missions

at a time: something small assigned to her by a

higher-ranking Mooncloak and something greater

(and secret) that the goddess personally asks her

to do. Selne often gives her Ladyservants tem-

porary abilities or spells to aid them in carrying

out her missions, and Mooncloaks often lend their

services to other Mooncloaks to whom theyve

given tasks. In the words of Calunala Alyzmra

Hantulgard of Everlund, The Moon waxes and

wanes, and the fortunes of holy folk of the Moon

rise and fallbut the Moon is ever with us, sail-

ing on no matter how dark the sky.

Shar, Mistress of the Night

The Lady of Loss has always dealt in fear of the

dark and the unknown, and she offers alluring

guidance to those lost in grief or poverty. She

whispers suggestions in the dreams of mortals,

appearing in their visions as tall, beautiful, and

unclad, but more than half-hidden by darkness

and her swirling hair. Her hair moves at her bid-

ding, slithering, clinging, and coiling like a den

of serpents, not in response to gravity or breezes.

GODS AND FOLLOWERS

161

Y

E

L

S

R

O

H

H

P

L

A

R

Even when enraged, she hisses or speaks very

softly; she never shouts. She is cold silence and

soft menace, not storming or bragging.

Yet Shar can be frightening indeed. She sends

the severed heads of humans flying silently out

into the night to watch and listen, seeing and

sometimes speaking through them. She needs

humans, for human suffering is her sustenance.

When she feeds, she takes the misery from those

she feeds on, leaving them temporarily uplifted,

and in this way gains faithful who revere her.

She calms the mad and brings them silent seren-

ityfor a time. She sees all mortals as tools, to be

cast aside when she tires of them, no matter how

powerful they have become in her service, for all

should know lossevery mortal, and Shar herself.

So, if she uses Shade and its princes as her tools

now, there will come a day when she destroys

them utterly, in favor of someone much weaker

and very different. For that is the way of Shar.

She is no tyrant, to build dark empires. That is

Banes delight, and Banes work. She is Shar, the

Lady of Loss and oblivion.

In her words, Out of the darkness we all come,

and to the darkness we all return. Some swifter

than others, and many not swiftly enough.

In homage to the Dark Goddess, some Sharran

clergy of both genders walk by night unclad ex-

cept for magical nightcloaks and their own long

hair. These cloaks are actually garments that en-

able flight and can mute any sound around them

when willed to do so. A priests hair is sometimes

natural, and sometimes a wig of the braided

hair of many others, enspelled so the tresses can

carry daggers, small lanterns, and other items of

like size and weight, as well as catch and cling

to things. These enchanted wigs are not strong

enough to hold the wearers body weight, but they

could, for example curl around a branch while

maintaining hold of a lit lamp, so the cleric can

part company with the wig and do something in

the lamplight.

A cleric of Shar undergoing penance or being

punished by a superior might go around lit by

magical light cast on him or her for a day or sev-

eral. The darkness is for those who deserve it.

Creed: Darkness is your cloak and your spur

to action. Strike down the moon and those who

serve it, and work against laws and law keepers,

rulers and the powerful, by corrupting them and

sewing dissension. Weave discord through secrets

and rumors and falsehoods, so that all that is now

mighty shall in time be swept away, and all that

will remain is the darkness of Shar. Work in secret

when necessary, obey your superiors in the Night

Church without question or defiance, and give

your life when Shar deems it needful, for you will

reap her Dark Reward.

Secular Aims: The Night Church works in

secret in many parts of the Realms where it is for-

bidden, such as Cormyr, the Dales, Waterdeep,

Baldurs Gate, and Amn. The places it can show

itself in the open include Calaunt, Mulmaster,

Scornubel, Sembia, and Westgate. Sharran priests

are popularly known as Darshars (a corruption

of Dark Sharran), but they refer to themselves

as Martyrs, because their lives are forfeit to Shar,

whom they know will eventually claim the ex-

istences they owe herprobably sooner rather

than later.

Popular belief has it that Shar is malicious

(true), ever-present (true), and an implacable,

nigh-unbeatable force of evilwhich is false, as

many priests, worshipers, and allies of Shar have

learned at their personal cost. The Dark God-

dess is fickle and has repeatedly turned on or

abandoned hitherto-favorite agents. Those who

flourish under her support, such as the princes of

Shade, might suddenly find it withdrawn, or even

used against them. Shar is, after all, the goddess

of loss, and she delights in reminding mortals

never to rely on anyone or anything, lest a painful

price be paid all too soon.

The Dark Reward her senior clergy promise

is the prospect of being raised as a undeadusu-

ally a lesser undeadunder the control of the

Martyrs. Sometimes Shar prizes especially capa-

ble and accomplished priests of the faith enough

to bring them back to life augmented in some

way. Usually such priests, called Shadowed, gain

a short-term ability to become invisible or assume

a gaseous form, but are marred by having a black

talon for a hand, or a short black serpents tail

in addition to their legs. All such individuals are

greatly feared within the clergy. They universally

return bearing jet-black eyes without whites or

irises, and voices that are hoarse, cold whispers.

Priests of the Night Church are encouraged

to sow discord and weaken order and respect for

laws. They do this by abetting rebels; murdering

peacemakers, trade negotiators, and accomplished

diplomats; goading those engaged in feuds into

162

Chapter 5

The Martyrs who devote their lives to Shar receive considerable blessings from their goddess in return. This priestess has the ability to

reach into a realm of darkness and pull forth a hideous creature to do her bidding.

deeper bloodshed; and spreading hatred-of-

outlander rumors. Those they kill should always

know they are being slain in the name of Shar, not

taken when asleep or unawares. Indeed, if these

deaths arent intended to foment strife by being

mistaken for the work of someone else, Martyrs

write the name of Shar in the victims blood be-

side the body.

Martyrs often travel the Realms posing as

merchants, refugees, or pilgrims of another faith.

Although their eventual fate depends on how well

they have pleased Shar before they die, nothing

in Shars commandments or the Night Churchs

doctrine bars priests of Shar from stealing, ban-

ditry, murder for gain, smuggling, or any other

legitimate or illicit business dealings. They are

free to enrich themselves throughout their vowed

service to the Lady of Night as they see fit. Using

pawns, such as rebels or discontented guilds,

and hiring talons (often adventurers) to aid

in the work of the Night Church is considered

good form, not cheating or a sign of weakness.

As a result, many Martyrs have made scapegoats

of hundreds of people, and have amassed vast

fortunes in lands and propertymost of which

they dont have time to enjoy before death greets

them (and Shar sends someone else to use what

they gained). In any land or city where Shar can

be worshiped openly, her clergy are forbidden to

work against the ruler and the law keepersbut

everywhere else in the Realms, in ways great

and small, Martyrs of Shar are at work to stir up

dissent, dethrone kings, and sow cynicism and

disrespect for principles, authority, and the way

things are.

Some notoriously successful Martyrs are out-

lined below.

Rortryn Waend: An accomplished actor and

murderer, usually based in Athkatla, later in

Crimmor.

Crella Cruel Lannathond: A former dancer,

based in Yhaunn, who usually poses as a travel-

ing vendor selling scents and flashy revelwear

clothing, and who is an expert at passing

GODS AND FOLLOWERS

163

T

T

O

R

T

H

T

E

B

information to and from Martyrs and Night

Church allies and spies. Lannathond covertly

dabbles in politics wherever she goes.

Abran Dathengar: A retired veteran soldier of

Tethyr now based in Saradush. Darthengar is an

enforcer within the Night Church who also fol-

lows up against foes who have defeated or escaped

Martyrs that were sent after them.

Dracol Havnor: A cool-headed, acrobatic, and

stealthy skilled slayer and master trap maker who

has killed many courtiersand even more adven-

turers who were hired to eliminate him.

Shaundakul, the Helping

Hand

Creed: Guide the lost and the uncertain,

widely share all you know of hidden places, and

fight against the loathsome servants and works

of Beshaba and Shar. Visit all the shrines of

Shaundakul in your life, tend them and worship

at them, and encourage others to do so as well.

Build new shrines where it seems right, by the

divine signs sent to you. Find, repair, and master

portals and learn their destinations. No matter

what the weather or the perils, bring common folk

safely back home.

Secular Aims: Priests of the Helping Hand

are popularly known as Windriders after the an-

nual holy rite of the Windride, when they all take

gaseous form for a day. However, they call them-

selves Seekers of the Trail or more often, simply

Seekers.

Seekers live off the land, hunting and gather-

ing as they need, and are allowed to work for fees

so long as they keep traveling. Many hire on as

guides and guards for adventurers, caravans, pil-

grims, explorers, and prospectorsor become

explorers and trail makers for various costers and

rulers.

Many Seekers sell accurate-as-possible maps

of trade routes, ways through mountains, and

even the layouts of castles and palaces with their

known secret rooms and passages marked. They

also sell maps of short underground routes, such

as the cellars of ruins, catacombs and sewers

under cities, and merchants shortcuts in the

Underdark. As one Seeker, Thal Pevrem of Ber-

dusk, put it, My telling you a route is free, but if

you want a map, itll cost you coins.

Seekers give maps and information regarding

portals reluctantly and in small amounts. They

will give out only one portal link at a timethat

is, one portal and its destinationand only for a

very high price. Before giving such information,

Seekers need to know those who seek it dont plan

to do anything that would harm a portal, or that

would force a ruler or a powerful organization to

move to destroy, magically seal, or stand heavy

guard over a portal.

For a time, foes of the faith cast magical traps

on portals to make them dangerous to Seekers,

but this deterrent moved Shaundakul to grant his

clergy special abilities. Seekers can now merge

with the magic of a portal and hide within one

indefinitely, use its energies to heal and restore

themselves, and ride through the harm of any

portal traps simply by being part of the magic of

the portal.

Rumors have recently risen that every shrine to

Shaundakul incorporates an underground shelter

room with basic provisions (true) and has a por-

tal nearby (not true, yet). As Seekers know, there

are plans to expand the portals of the Realms

into a vast networkbut not until the church is

powerful enough to defend it against any conceiv-

able foe, such as illithids, beholders, dragons, or

the priesthood of an evil god. Therefore, as any

Seeker will ruefully admit, Such a dream will be

no more than a dream for a long, long while yet.

In terms of years, several thousands. Or more.

Siamorphe, the Noble

Creed: Instruct royalty and nobility in the

right way of conducting themselvesnot mere

etiquette, but the manner in which they should

think, speak, and plan ahead. Do this so they will

rule well, support good decisions, and oppose bad

ones so as to bring about correction rather than

dissension or strife. Support nobility and royalty

in their times of doubt, grief, and need, and bring

them into the company of wise counsel wherever

you cant provide it. Seek to prevent them from

making dire mistakes that lead to widespread dis-

satisfaction, rejection of royalty or nobility, or

war. With the divine right to rule comes great re-

sponsibility, and great rulers supported by great

nobility can lift a realm so that its citizens high

and low enjoy better lives. See that this happens

often and wherever possible.

164

Chapter 5

Secular Aims: The clergy of Siamorphe

(see-ah-morf) have never been numerous. They

usually come from the ranks of older nobles and

courtiers throughout the Heartlands, the North,

and all the lands around the Shining Sea except

for Calimshan. Known as Scions, they sometimes

serve as court viziers and sages, but more often

attach themselves to rulers or noble matriarchs

and patriarchs as secular, practical, and ethi-

cal spiritual advisors. More than one Scion has

sprung into action as a bodyguard, or even imper-

sonated a ruler or a noble when an assassination

attempt was likely. Scions represent what is good,

steadfast, and truly noble about nobility, rather

than the decadence, pride, folly, and corruption

that all too often creep in after generations of

privilege. Faern has seen its share of corrupt ad-

visors and courtiers, many of them even agents of

a rulers foes, and Scions try to expose such false

advisors as well as to provide a balance against

those corrupt advisors they cant touch or havent

yet discovered.

The church of Divine Right has kept rulers

on thrones and enabled nobles to be tolerated far

more than they would be otherwise, and has led

to better governing and better lives for the gov-

erned throughout the 1300s and into the 1400s

DR. As the years pass, its reach and interests

grow steadily to encompass noble houses and rul-

ing courts far from its bases in Waterdeep and

Tethyr.

As of 1359 DR, Siamorphe is incarnate as the

former Lady Durndatha Greatgaunt of Cormyr, a

gruff, crusty hunting, riding, and reveling sort

who married Lord Harmantle Helmfast of Water-

deep in 1357 DR and so became Lady Helmfast.

She was poisoned by a Zhentarim agent a year

later, but exposed her slayerthe wizard Ultcan-

tleand foiled his plot to poison wine in many

noble wine cellars across north Waterdeep rather

than seeking help for the poison that ultimately

slew her.

As of 1360 DR, her ablest Scions include the

following individuals.

Darlynd Immur: The retired former High Vi-

zier of Tashluta, Immur is an advisor to the

Rowanmantles, and fleetingly, from time to time,

to various Obarskyrs and senior courtiers of

Cormyr.

Melvurth Horncasset: A pompous, prissy, thin-

as-a-spear veteran courtier from Zazesspur,

Horncasset knows every court dodge, is a shrewd

judge of human nature, and has a secret wild

talent: From time to time, unreliably and in-

termittently, he can read snatches of the inner

thoughts of individuals he is either alone in a

room with, or close enough to touch. This talent

allows him to utter particular remarks, hear

the thoughts they evoke, and sometimes thereby

know the true loyalties or intentions of someone.

Ilmurra Tarlhawk: A vivacious escort who works

for the palace in Waterdeep, Tarlhawk is a superb

thespian and a very good sympathetic listener and

spy who can manipulate and befriend effortlessly.

Cynical and world-wise, she smells deceit and

spots most schemes and ploys the moment theyre

launchedyet sees in her holy work the salvation

Faern needs. She tirelessly strives to inform,

improve, and support nobles, urging them to do

better and think better for the benefit of all.

Felvor Elcaskur: Elcaskur is descended from

a noble of Tethyr who escaped the Black Days

(the start of the Tethyrian civil wat, in 1347 DR),

changed his name andwith magical aidhis

face, and fled to Waterdeep to live out his days as

a seneschal to the Waterdhavian noble family of

Kormallis. Elcaskur grew up knowing all about

the gossip and peccadilloes of the nobles of Wa-

terdeep. He knows who owes whom favors, whos

feuding or just quarreling with whom, and how

to delicately negotiate ways to strengthen friend-

ships, improve relationships, and deepen ethics

among the nobility.

Silvanus, Oak Father

Creed: Maintain the sacred Balance, the natu-

ral cycle of life. Work against those who disturb

the Balance and make others see it more clearly.

Prevent the felling of forests, fight disease, and

plant anew the sylvan green growing things, daily

if possible. Seek, befriend, and serve dryads, and

guard the forests by seeing threats, anticipating

what lies ahead, and quietly manipulating. Use

violence only when necessary. Be vigilant against

fire, woodcutters, and other despoilers of the

wild, and limit farms and ranches to land already

cleared. Fight those who do the bidding of Malar

and others who threaten forests. Work to deepen

your understanding of the Balance and of the

lives of all growing things.

GODS AND FOLLOWERS

165

Secular Aims: The Forest Father gives his

clergy simple, firm dictates, but allows much per-

sonal leeway in his priests lives, so long as the

activity engaged in deepens ones understand-

ing of life. For instance, a Silvanite could assist a

farmer in his egg-selling business, or attend the

butchering of a boar, or help in a human child-

birth, all to learn more about life in one of its

many forms.

Silvanite clergy have been called Forest Mas-

ters or even Staglords, but they prefer to call

themselves Tenders of the Forest, Balancers, or

Oakservantsthe last of which has been gaining

popularity steadily as the years pass. Priests of

the Oak Father work with woodcutters to mini-

mize the felling of good trees and the clearing

of land, in favor of removing diseased trees and

selectively thinning a forest to open it up to the

sun. They often teach or compel woodcutters to

replant as they cut, and see a forest as a slow

farm to be tended and harvested over decades,

rather than a waiting woodpile to be cut from the

outside in. Oakservants sometimes go into busi-

ness with others to produce platter candles, which

are multiple-wick, slow-burning candles as wide

as a platter, lit for warmth as well as for light.

They also collaborate to make peat and manure

cakes, charcoal (from downed wood), flammable

oils, and other alternative fuels for cities. All of

this manufacturing is meant to lower the de-

mand for firewood. Others work with dryads and

other forest folk to compel and control dangerous

beasts, such as wolves, owlbears, and the like, that

prowl forest verges. Their presence helps bolster

local beliefs that forests are dangerous, monster-

roamed places best to be avoided rather than

casually invaded for foraging.

Oakservants are encouraged to magically take

beast shape or tree shape from time to time, so

that each can experience the forest more fully and

come to know it better. Many of them hide in the

forest this way to evade enemies or to be alone to

think or deal with grief, or to await and entrap or

eavesdrop on foes.

Oakservants are responsible for some of the

underglass (greenhouse) and hanging-basket

and window-box gardening fashions in cities.

These city gardens are meant to help with food

production, and therefore reduce the incidence

of new farms and forest-clearing operations. This

is the only way in which Oakservants will deal

directly with the influential and powerful; they

shun any wider political involvement. In places

such as Cormyr and Tethyr that have active rural

nobility, Oakservants encourage boar and stag

hunting in the woods, because they know that

those nobility who own such territory and indulge

in such hunting will fight to protect or even ex-

pand their woodlands.

Sune, Lady Firehair

Creed: True love wins all, and so love should

be encouraged everywherefor people, for beauty

and the arts, for hobbies, and for well-done

accomplishments. Foster attraction, allure, and

the display of beauty. Perform a loving act every

day, and acquire things of beauty not to keep for

private enjoyment, but to share and display. Move

beautifully, dress beautifully, and meet others

with warm affection that deepens into friendship,

respect that deepens into admiration, and flir-

tation that deepens into romance that becomes

love. Let all of this behavior be genuine, for true

beauty is found inside rather than in the artifice

of outward display.

Secular Aims: Sune (soon or soon-ay; the lat-

ter is more recent and rarer) expects her clergy to

guide others to follow her creed as well as follow

it themselves. As such, theyre called Heart-

guides. In a similar fashion, the upperpriests are

known as Heartwardens, and the high priest is

the Heartwarder. Sunite clergy network very well,

having many friends to whom they offer support

and loyalty. They are valued partners in any busi-

nesses concerned with fashion, such as garments

and accessories as well as those involving body

enhancement, such as corsets and other reshap-

ing foundation garments, scents, cosmetics and

adornment paints, and jewelry. They also aid

businesses concerned with dance and carriage

(gait and stance), etiquette, singing, and voice

control, and they have established themselves

in many businesses that provide provender and

dressing (props and transformations) for revels,

feasts, and more intimate gatherings. Especially

in larger urban areas, some Heartguides enjoy

great financial success as a result of such work.

Thanks to their winning ways and extensive net-

works of friends, ever since 1349 DR onward they

have even been hired for lucrative but short stints

166

Chapter 5

An Oakservant of Silvanus, on patrol in the forest she tends, happens upon a priestess of Sune who has chosen this spot to perform a

prayer and a dance to celebrate her deity. Fancy meeting you here, indeed!

to spread word of new wares and artists of note

and to sway public attitudes or political initiatives.

Heartguides tithe twenty percent of all they

make to the church of Lady Firehair to maintain

temples, to aid other Heartguides in displaying

themselves to their best advantage, and to make

temple rituals as attractive and popular as pos-

sible. Some of those tithes go toward embellishing

rituals with moving song performances, dances,

and prayers accompanied by lush instrumental

music. Most Sunite clergy live a high lifestyle,

spending lavishly and never accumulating all

that muchbut never needing it. The church is

charged to provide shelter, nursing, and food for

its elderly, ill, or maimed members, and later to

tend their (beautiful) graves, usually in remote

(but sometimes inner-city) Goldenrest monas-

teriesand it diligently does so.

N

O

Y

L

D

R

A

W

O

H

Talona, Lady of Poison

Creed: Pain is pleasure, and although poison-

ings, disease, and plagues are natural and should

be embraced rather than feared or avoided, what

is important is not that they slay, but that to be

fully alive one must experience their ravagings,

disfigurements, and painful effects. A poison that

slays swiftly or instantly, particularly one that

plunges its victim into torpor or sleep, is worth-

less and should be despised. Poisons should creep

slowly, so that victims feel and know their effect.

Likewise disease and plague should work slowly,

for the true glory of life is respected and experi-

enced only by those fighting to keep itnot those

who in robust health unthinkingly expend it.

Spread poison, disease, and plague in the name

of Talona, and let others know that it is the power

and grace of Talona that sickens them and that

may let them survive.

Secular Aims: Talonite (or Talonar; both

terms are widely used) clergy are widely feared,

GODS AND FOLLOWERS

167

hated, and shunned. They are known as Ter-

rors and sometimes Walking Plagues. Terrors are

often attacked by fearful people using polearms

or missiles, to drive them away or keep them at

bay. Such attacks are always done from afar for

fear of getting too close to the Terrors poisoned

daggers or any diseases that Terrors carry. Its

widely known that Terrors covertly spread disease

and seek new blights and afflictions to spread

to regions that havent yet known themand so

will be ripe for succumbing to them. They are

readily recognized because it is a holy custom for

Talonar to dress in ragged robes and to scar or

disfigure themselves. This disfigurement is usu-

ally done by cutting, burning, or the use of acid,

but the holiest way is to introduce a disease to do

its worka purpose for which leprosy is popular.

As a result, some Terrors pose as beggars so as

to move around unidentified, or else don masks

or disguises, or use magic to conceal their true

nature. Most Talonite priests carry multiple poi-

soned daggers or needles at various places on

their persons. At least one of these weapons bears

a fast-acting poison for personal defense, but most

impart slow-acting poisons that cause convul-

sions, loss of balance, and intense internal pain.

Talonar also carry small drawstring bags contain-

ing dusts, dead skin, and other disease-carrying

substances for deliberate blight sowing.

Most Talonars are expert poisoners and have

a high natural resistance to diseases and poisons

thanks to repeated exposure. This resistance en-

ables them to drink the same poisoned wine as

others without ill effects, even when other drink-

ers are stricken or slain.

Terrors are allowed by Talonas decree to seize

and use all property, from coins to land, that they

gain from victims, though they usually have to

fight secular claims for such property from heirs

or co-owners. Most of them make an income in

this way, though their lives are never idle or easy.

Fanatical Talonar have often sought to poison

wells and work other widespread afflictions, but

the Lady of Poison frowns upon such impersonal

reverences, strongly preferring a one-on-one ap-

proach in which the victim is made aware that

Talona is involved.

The church of Talona is secretive and under-

ground in most places. Impromptu altars are

often the deathbeds or graves of victims who suc-

cumbed to poison, disease, or plague delivered

in the name of the goddess. Terrors roam the

Realms tirelessly doing Talonas work, and have

little need for large or elaborate temples. How-

ever, most cities contain a hidden cellar or upper

room temple inside or beneath buildings used

for other purposes. There are large and public

temples of Talona in Scornubel, Arrabar, and Ca-

launt. The main temple of the faith is the House

of Nights Embrace, in Tashluta. Within its dark,

soaring-spired walls, injured Terrors are nursed

and sometimes augmented with grafted-on beast

body parts, or with features from people who died

or were dying from Talonas Gifts (poison, dis-

ease, and plague).

Infamous veteran Terrors who have accom-

plished much include these individuals.

Saldrissa Vauntyr: A beautiful, alluring seduc-

tress whose skin looks scaled like that of a snake

or a yuan-ti thanks to a rare disease. Vauntyr

makes much use of poison when romancing

nobles and wealthy merchantswhom she then

relieves of a lot of wealth. Shes immune to most

poisons, and has assembled a small arsenal of

magic items from her victims, which she doesnt

hesitate to use. When she travels the Realms, she

usually hires evil adventurers as her bodyguards.

Hauldron Lethur: A jovial, healthy-seeming, en-

ergetic traveling trader who buys and sells up and

down the Sword Coast and along the Heartlands

caravan routes. Lethur passes on diseases with ca-

sual ease. When threatened he resorts to poisoned

weapons (often his sharpened fingernails) and in-

vokes Talonas name triumphantly.

Yawsravin Nilmurt: A plunderer of the fallen

who goes from battlefield to armed skirmish to

local brawl seeking wounded and dead he can

relieve of goods and wealth. He spreads disease

to others as he works, and he is not above pro-

voking tense situations or brewing hatred into

open conflict that he can then exploit. For over

four decades he has wandered the Inner Sea and

Heartlands overland trade route regions, yellow-

smilingly doing this dirty work.

Talos, the Storm Lord

Creed: Obey every bidding or sign of Talos.

His voice speaks in the howling winds, his face

and hands appear in storm clouds and your

dreams, and his lightning bolts point the way.

Destroy order, destroy crops, and destroy bridges

168

Chapter 5

and buildings and the monuments of other

gods, preferably with wind, rain, hail, and light-

ning. Use your magic to aid forest fires and hard

freezes. Breach walls and split roofs as storms

approach, so that natural fury can enter and sun-

der those no-longer-secure shelters. Sow fear of

Talos as you sow destruction. Destroy something

every day.

Secular Aims: The Storm Lord expects his

clergy to stroll naked through a storm once a

season, to feel its full fury and so become closer

to Talos, renewed and purified as mundane

concerns and distractions are swept away. He

understands that humans need to have moments

of relaxation and enjoyment, and to gloat over

achievements. For this reason, the Storm Lord al-

lows his clergy to reap material rewards, such as

plundered wine or coin they can use to purchase

luxuries and indulgences, and to take some time

off between actively destroying things. Talossan

priests are expected to personally profit from their

deeds, and they need not share anythingthough

more powerful priests of the faith may take from

them, and this too is deemed proper by Talos.

Talossan clergy are known as Stormher-

alds, Stormbringers, or Devastators, but they

call themselves Tempests. They have no formal

hierarchy; powerful veterans coerce younger-in-

service Tempests if they can.

Like Cyricists and Sharran clergy, the small

and disorganized church of Talos works to foment

chaos; to challenge or weaken respect for author-

ity, laws, and law keepers; and to smash things,

large and small, from glass bottles drying for

reuse to castle walls and towers.

Tempests are well aware that the mad keen

among them, those who slaughter and smash

wildly and constantly as they travel, are soon

ganged up on by increasingly fearful neighbor-

ing folk, and soon eliminated. So most Tempests

prefer to fulfill the destroy something every day

commandment by crushing insects or shredding

weeds, and then spend they spend the remain-

der of their day living more reasonably. Doing

this enables them to live undetected as they wait

and plan for prize targets they can spectacularly

shatter or bring down. The best incidents of holy

destruction are those perpetrated by a Tempest

who can then seize wealth and move on without

being pursued by infuriated witnesses or the vic-

tims of their destruction.

Many Tempests live in idle luxury wherever

they fled to after their latest sacred deed of de-

struction. Here they await chances to do great

public destruction, such as burning down a tem-

ple or a town hall, before moving on again.

In early spring, when mercantile trade routes

open up, and again in late autumn occur a num-

ber of large festivals and trade gatherings. These

events often draw many Tempests, each working

alone and perhaps unaware of others presence,

to try to cause ship collisions, explosions, fires,

and ruinous storms. They falsely blame others

and start disquieting rumors in the hopes of caus-

ing strife and confusion so that they can steal

what they may. They might get in each others

way in such situations, and in such cases must

obey the will of Talos that a Tempest not deliber-

ately attack or harm another Tempest. However,

a Tempest may, by invoking the name of Talos,

prevent another Tempest from doing or taking

something. Tempests might also suffer competi-

tion in thieving from the clergy of Mask or others,

but Talos is well satisfied if they frustrate or do

harm to such persons.

Infamously successful Tempests of the latter

half of the 1300s DR include these people.

Cauldreth Hallowsar: Hallowsar is a gaunt

man who wears an eye patch in honor of Talos

though he can see perfectly well out of both eyes

and from time to time shifts the patch from one

eye to the other. Hallowsar prefers to dress in

ragged black and wears long, sweeping cloaks.

He eats little and drinks prodigiously, and yet

seldom becomes drunk. An accomplished actor

and swindler with a deft touch when it comes to

manipulating others into feuds or open defiance

of authority, Hallowsar often uses sleep spells,

smoke bombs, and arson as distractions to get

away from sticky situations.

Rhoawne Silmer: A honey-blonde, petite woman

who looks, acts, and dresses much younger than

her years, Silmer is often mistaken for a nave

youngling. She flirts and manipulates men into

doing her bidding and makes extensive use of

Talos-starslittle bombs made of old helms

or buckets filled with smokepowder and small,

spiked metal balls. Silmer deftly uses them to kill

people, breach vaults and doors, and otherwise

reach coins and gems. She has amassed fortunes

in this manner and cached her wealth in small

hidden places all over Faern.

GODS AND FOLLOWERS

169

Halauntra Qeszen: This tall, raven-haired

beauty usually plays the part of a haughty, icy,

traveling noblewoman who can defend herself

with four magic flying daggers she can unleash.

She cows many would-be foes or harassers by

revealing a talking skull she stole from a wizard

long ago, which she uses to make folk think that

either she has magic enough to compel and con-

trolor that its her uncle and a lich of mighty

powers. She likes to identify key persons of au-

thority in a village or town, murder them, take

what wealth she can, and move on, using storm

magic to frustrate any pursuit.

Tempus, Lord of Battles

The clergy of the Wargod are weapon tutors to

the world. They are the priesthood to visit for free

weapon training and advice on the care of weap-

ons. Most temples of Tempus also maintain and

repair weapons, as well as sell new ones, but they

charge fees for these services: Weapons are full

price plus 1 sp, and repairs are up to half the price

of a new, finely made weapon.

An unofficial but common priestly saying,

often mocked by those opposed to the faith of the

Wargod is We come in peace: smite to slay!

More official and equally common priestly say-

ings are these:

A battle-death is a holy ending! A common

proverb, this saying is the reason why devout wor-

shipers of Tempus salute corpses, burials, and

graves with murmurs of holy ending.

Laws are but words until blood is shed for

them.

Men fall, but Tempus rises! This proverb

originated in an older saying: Men fall, but Tem-

pus rides on!

Nothing is truth that has not been tested in

battle.

Peace stands on a sharp sword.

The sun rises out of blood and sets into blood,

and all the time between belongs to the Lord of

Battles.

While fighting to defend Shadowdale from one

of the innumerable Zhent attacks, some of the

Knights of Myth Drannor ended up swinging

swords alongside a wandering priest of Tem-

pus, a grim and aging man who sported an eye

patch and wore chainmail adorned all over with

welded-on sword tips taken from the weapons of

foes he had slain in battle. When he struck at op-

ponents, he often shouted one of a few seemingly

obscure phrases: By the bright blood of Tham-

maera! or By the sweet limbs of Brelindra!

or By the proud beauty of Sannandra! When

asked what those phrases meant, he explained

that he was dedicating his attack to close friends

hed had among the clergy of Tempus, who were

now either dead or Broken Blades (too disabled

to fight in the field for the god themselves), and so

could no longer deliver such attacks themselves.

Creed: Show no fear, make no reckless war,

and obey the warriors code of battle as decreed

by Tempus. Evade no fight, yet harm not clergy

who without violence work for peaceas without

peace, the full fury of war cannot be appreciated

and its rewards cannot be seen. Wanton butch-

ery is unholy. Fight for a clear purpose, and with

discipline and a formal challenge. Treat prison-

ers properly, show mercy to noncombatants, and

plunder only what is needful, such as food and

water. Destruction for its own sake is foolish;

never vandalize, pillage, or rape. Confront-

ing a foe with weapons is preferable to tricking

an enemy, and hard bargaining with bloodshed

averted is better than attacking without parley.

Fight for a cause, and let no bully cozen you into

surrendering for an ill reason.

Secular Aims: The Lord of Battles calls

upon his clergy to accompany active combatants

everywhere in the Realms, that his creed might

be respected and followed. Tempuran clergy call

themselves Hammers, from the small, ham-

mering hands of the Foehammer, as Brom

Bellowharl, a famous long-ago priest of Tempus,

once described the priesthood.

The church of the Foehammer is organized in

a strict hierarchy, and its temples are fortresses.

Each temple is a stout, stone, castle-like building

with well-stocked armories. Each is built to be de-

fended by a few Hammers against many foes, and

features portcullises, multiple sets of doors, firing

ports overlooking all entrances, and passages that

make abrupt turns so defenders can shelter be-

hind corners.

Hammers all have specific ranks, and ceremo-

nial armor is crafted with clear rank differences.

Acolytes wear leather jacks and baldrics, Stalwarts

(priests) wear chainmail vestments, Hardhar

(warrior-priests) wear breastplates and bracers,

170

Chapter 5

Many folk of Faern sleep safe of nights because priests, paladins, and dedicated lay warriors of Helm, Tempus, and Torm fight day and

night to keep the Realms from being ravaged by creatures that care not for concepts such as honor and duty.

Arahar (battle-chaplains) wear splint mail, Rau-

thar (swordmasters) wear shoulder-spike-adorned

plate mail, Direhar (guardian-priests) wear full

plate, and the Warlyon (high priest) wears gilded

magic plate armor that enables flight.

Whenever theyre not praying to Tempus or

fighting, Hammers train with their weapons, drill

to hone battlefield discipline, tend the wounded,

repair arms and armor, and tend to pack beasts

and their harnesses, in the service of transporting

an armys provisions.

Hammers are allowed to accept fees for

weapon training and for making and repairing

arms and armor, and most do so. The forges in

Temples of the Lord of Battles are seldom silent,

as the priests take turns at being weaponsmiths,

armorers, and farriers. Many farmers who never

want to be closer to war than hearing tales at the

local tavern pay their coppers regularly into the

treasuries of Tempus to have their horses and

oxen shod.

Hammers are not encouraged to exalt them-

selves or establish personal reputations, and are

strictly forbidden to hire or lend themselves out

E

L

S

I

L

E

B

C

I

R

E

as battlefield generals, except when leading a holy

force of Hammers against a religious foe. As a

result, there are no known prominent Hammers,

though Tempuran clergy are everywhere and are

universally respected by professional soldiers.

Torm, the True

Creed: Be loyal, obedient, and dutiful, up-

holding laws, rules, and the most ethical stances

through both unwavering support and armed

vigilance. Seek corruption constantly and stamp it

out. Give swift but brutal death to traitors. Where

laws are unjust or flawed, urge improvements and

alternatives rather than a confusion of ever more

laws. Train law keepers and judges to be just, and

watch over them to ensure that they perform with

impartiality. Serve with all your heart as well as

all your reason. Every failure of duty diminishes

the Loyal Fury; every success empowers him and

brightens the world. Be vigilant always. Question

your actions and stances rather than sinking into

the sin of self-righteousness. Torm watches you,

and expects you to watch and guide others.

GODS AND FOLLOWERS

171

Secular Aims: Torms clergy are known as

the True and Loyal and the Watchful Guardians.

Over time, most folkmembers of the church of

the Loyal Fury includedhave combined the two

terms and come to call Torms priests the True

Guardians, or the True for short.

The True are a strong part of secular politics

almost everywhere with a developed legal system,

public order, and a rulership that isnt tyranni-

cal or dominated by another faith. They strive to

keep law keepers aboveboard and free from cor-

ruption, both by training and spiritually guiding

them, and by spying on them and occasionally

openly opposing them. They question racist or

markedly unfair ruling policies, as well as those

that antagonize neighboring lands. As Azoun IV

of Cormyr once put it wryly, The Tormites are

the wagging finger in all of our lives.

Although many resent this patriarchal scrutiny

and constant public judging, the common folk

grudgingly accept it as necessary, deeming it the

shield that protects us all, good and bad, so as to

be ourselves and not oppressed slaves.

Mirt the Moneylender, speaking in 1361 DR,

explained the role of the True this way: They

are the wise old man who reports all lawbreaking

hes seen to the Watchbut when the Watch haul

down a miscreant and start to beat him in the

street, he steps forward to firmly halt the beating

and says, Here, now, theres no call for that. If

those who rule or enforce the rule disappoint the

citizens, they lose the support of those citizens.

The True remind us of that daily. Id venture that

thousands of uprisings, large and small, never

happened because they didnt let matters get

that bad.

The True are armed, armored, and tutored fre-

quently by their superiors in the well-disciplined

church hierarchy. Although they are very active

in watching and guiding in most lands of Faern,

they do not do so for personal gain, other than the

benefits all citizens of a place enjoy when just law

and order prevail. They also do not act for glory

no member of the True wants or enjoys personal

public prominence or unfettered power free of

laws and hierarchy.

Tormites who gather wealth for themselves

and do violence to retain it or keep it secret are

cast out of the church if discovered. Those who

succumb to this temptation in small, minor ways

might regain the favor of Torm by announcing

what they have done, yielding up what they took

to the church, and doing a penance. Such a pen-

ance is usually a dangerous mission to establish

the presence of, and respect for, Torms ways in a

hostile region. Few fall from grace in this manner,

however, and the True do not regard amassing,

hiding, and so controlling weapons of war, includ-

ing magic, as a sin, but rather as prudence.

Tymora, Our Smiling Lady

Creed: To dare is to live. Be bold, take risks,

and live not only according to prudence and

plans. Trust in the Lady, for she is luck, and in

risking you shall be the master of your own life.

Yet seek to follow aims you set for yourself, for to

drift unthinkingly from boldness to boldness is

to fall into the unmerciful embrace of Beshaba.

Leave the outcome of something, large or small,

to pure luck every day. Counsel all others to live

in the same way; give them encouragement and

lead by example.

Some who venerate the Lady of Luck believe

that planning for battle, adventure, or major life

decisions is a mild sin. They believe that those

who truly venerate Tymora and follow her de-

sires should do everything by chance, trusting in

the Lady.

Some Tymorans enjoy games of chance, while

others dismiss such activities as showing rude-

ness to the Lady by idling away time and coins

playing at something you should be doing for real,

in earnest.

Most of Tymoras followers believe that calling

on the Lady aloud with a murmured Lady, be

with me, when going into battle is crucial to her

worship. If this gesture is forgotten or dismissed,

Beshabas ill luck rather than Tymoras good luck

will accompany that person in the fray.

Elderly and infirm persons wanting to vener-

ate Tymora often give aid, shelter, items, or even

sponsorship to adventurers, who can chance

things and therefore please the Lady better than

they themselves can.

Jugglersespecially those who juggle sharp

weapons, or otherwise court danger when per-

formingalways pray to Tymora before their

acts, and they believe their performances are of-

ferings to the goddess.

Wayfarers lost at a choice of roads know

very well that the right thing to do, unless one

172

Chapter 5

beseeches another deity such as Gwaeron Wind-

strom or Shaundakul for specific directions, is

to call on the Lady. To do this, one invokes her

name, drops a coin onto his or her own head from

above, and is guided as to the route to take by

where it falls. When guidance is deemed less than

definitive, wayfarers repeat this process until the

way shows clear.

Secular Aims: Lady Lucks priests are called

Luckbringers by many, but they call themselves

the Fortunate Faithful, or just Fortunates. They

are expected to spread stories of success and good

fortune achieved through daring, and to establish,

maintain, and staff a widespread web of temples

and shrines to Tymora, that her inspiration and

guidance be within easy reach of all.

Tymora is the primary goddess of many adven-

turers, and Tymoran clergy are expected to tend,

shelter, and support needy adventurersand to

expect generous offerings from the same adven-

turers when good fortune attends them. Even a

simple roof and prevailing-wind wall over an

altar shrine to Tymora in the wilds has two or

more Fortunates staffing it, plus a handful of lay

worshipers. Such altars are equipped with healing

potions, means of neutralizing poison, a fire and

cooking cauldron, blankets, splints, food, herbs,

weapons, tools, lanterns and oil for them, and

cudgel torchesall for giving, renting, or selling

to adventurers, wayfarers, and others in need.

A Fortunate will aid a crofter seeking his lost

child as enthusiastically as will a professional ad-

venturerfor they both enjoy boldly chancing the

unknown and perils, and Tymora regards such

actions as holy and desirable. Tymorans support

risky business ventures as well as adventuring ac-

tivities, but the church is divided on gambling.

Tymorans believe that personal wagering is fine,

even in gaming, but professional gamblingboth

the institutions that develop and inevitably cheat

or tilt the odds so as to make a guaranteed cut,

and the gamblers who cheat or try to count cards

rather than trusting in chance, are frowned upon.

It reverences Tymora to live in chance and the

moment of fortune, but it sins against Tymora to

try to alter the chancing to your own benefit. Of

course, preparing yourself to gain the best odds

beforehand is fineit is cheating or recasting the

chance during the chancing that is decidedly not

acceptable.

Tymorans support hopeless causes and the un-

derdog, and want to see chances taken. However,

Lady Luck herself guides senior clergy in decid-

ing if this stance should still be followed when

such support might lead to war or open violence.

As a result, some Tymorans become popular or

widely known. In the mid- and later 1300s DR,

these prominent Fortunates include the following

individuals.

Asmrele Staglar: Staglar is usually based in Wa-

terdeep but known to travel all over the Sword

Coast North and Heartlands, as far east as Elver-

sult and as far south as the northern boundary of

Amn. A merry, blades out! adventurer, Staglar

has long, flowing white hair despite her youth,

and is known for flashy sword play, utter fearless-

ness, acrobatics, and frequent laughter. Staglar

seems to genuinely love danger, and she wants

others to share in her carefree daring. Rumors

insist that the Staglar has been slain and resur-

rected scores of times, but the truth is unknown.

Sandurl Sarradren: Usually based in southwest-

ern Sembia, but often found spending a winter

over in Cormyr, this jovial and daring merchant

trader is getting steadily older and paunchier.

Nonetheless, Sarradren still lives for the bold

often borderline, but never illicittrade gamble,

and seems to have more bustling energy than men

a third his age.

Tannath Daerovur: Based in Tethyr, but moving

around constantly, Daerovur is a dashingly hand-

some, living-with-gusto young man who makes

friends easily and helps them carry out all man-

ner of seemingly crazy schemes, business forays,

and social and romantic ploys. As a result of this

behaviorand the songs of smitten minstrels

who chronicle ithe is entering local legend as a

young, romantic action hero.

Lathlan Zauntur: Calishite-born but apt to be

found anywhere around the shores of the Shining

Sea, this battered-looking, middle-aged veteran

is an accomplished actor and mimic. He usually

poses as a weary, lowcoin traderuntil he falls in

with someone who has a daring plan or a crazed

scheme, whereupon he grins, his eyes twinkle,

and he reveals himself as an agile, swift-witted

veteran of swindles, long chances, and risky busi-

ness. He honestly doesnt care if he profits, but he

wants his new friends to profit. As a result, he is

seldom attacked and often admired, and his name

is spreading as a good friend to have.

GODS AND FOLLOWERS

173

Tyr, the Even-Handed

Creed: Follow all just laws and work to get

unjust laws changed. Work against injustice ev-

erywhere, and never refuse to give aid or allow

your aid to be less than wholehearted. Defend

against injustice as if every wronged being is your

beloved. Be good and fair always, exposing cor-

ruption and remaining steadfast and firm. Where

jaws fail, law keepers are corrupt, or rulers are

cruel, capricious, or unfair, be the wise and even

hand of justice. Always consider consequences

rather than merely the judgment of the moment.

Yet behave without pride or aggression, so secular

authorities defer to you rather than feeling defied

or disrespected. Guard against the twisting of

laws, but show understanding and mercy rather

than harsh conformity, for all laws are imperfect.

Strive ever to make laws better. Never prejudge;

let your mind be always open.

Tyr is the god of justice: the even-handed

application of laws, rules, and codes within a so-

ciety. In a polytheistic setting such as this one,

its important to stand back from any real-life

religious views of absolute good and think of

things as intelligent beings of the Realms do.

For example, the paladins of Tyr who are part

of the government of Waterdeep see the continu-

ance of a cosmopolitan, tolerant, prosperous port

city as good in itself, and see their role as twofold.

First, they continually work to make sure the laws

and rules are the best possible to keep Waterdeep

thriving and a good place to live, and as such,

breeding loyalty to Waterdeep and a willingness

to obey its rules and pay its taxes. Second, they

work to ensure that those laws are administered

fairly and impartially.

Taking a step closer in detail, the laws must be

continually adjusted and refined so as to serve the

populacenot just its most wealthy and power-

fulas best they can. If instances occur when

treating citizens differently from each other is

desirable for making Waterdeep better, thats

fineif the laws are written or rewritten to allow

that difference of treatment. In other words,

absolute or blind justice is bad and not to be

championed. Rather, Tyrrans support a continu-

ally evolving, ever more flexible and farsighted

system and enforcement of laws.

This is why Texter and Piergeiron both sup-

port having shady lords like Mirt involved in

government, and have agents who covertly and

continually investigate the City Guard and the

City Watch to mitigate human nature and slow or

stifle corruption. They know that corruption will

happen, and that some Watch officers will be lazy

and stupid, and play favorites from time to time.

Its their business as the ones in charge to try to

arrange Watch policies, procedures, and training,

and the structure of civic justice, to work against

that. Its desirable to understand criminals and

watch their plots, rather than to always wade in

at the moment when wrongdoing is detected or

suspected, because Waterdeep benefits in the

long run from those in government being tolerant

and knowing how the city works. The laws treat

nobles differently from other citizens, and thats

part of Waterdeeps history, not something to be

automatically struck down without much consid-

eration. Yet nobles who misuse their wealth or

high station must be resisted. Its all a huge bal-

ancing act, fraught with ever-changing obstacles.

To put it far more simply, a paladin of Tyr

wants laws to be applied properly. If the law con-

tains discrimination, thats acceptable, unless the

paladin sees bad consequences to this discrimina-

tion. Then it is the holy duty of that individual to

try to get the law changed or struck down. Laws

are seen as imperfect, and always capable of im-

provement, never something to be blindly applied.

Secular Aims: Tyr the Just expects his priests

to cultivate calm impartiality and an utter refusal

to be coerced or intimidated. His priests daily re-

flect on their deeds in a search for shame. Could

they have done anything better? Should any

decision they took be altered, or any judgment

changed? Should they call in a superior for advice

or an overjudgment?

The strictly hierarchical Tyrran clergy are

known as the Just both among themselves and

in wider Faern. They are widely respected and,

among lawbreakers, widely feared. In the words of

Lady Lara Stormweather of Waterdeep, A priest

of Tyr is a blunt judge, but also a stern refuge,

and champion of the wronged.

The church of the Maimed God frowns upon

its priests exalting themselves at any time, and

any Just who acquires too high a public profile is

moved to a different region, perhaps even encour-

aged to take a new name. As a resultaside from

a few who have died fighting for Tyrs holy doc-

trinesthere are no well-known Just.

174

Chapter 5

Umberlee, the Bitch Queen

Creed: Spread rightful fear of Umberlee, for

her wrath is the fury of the waves that swallow

ships, shatter seawalls, and rise to race far inland

to flood and drown. No ship reaches port with-

out her favor, and no voyage finds its destination

without her blessing. Sailors and passengers must

make proper prayers and offerings to her, or she

will take them, their vessels, and their cargo as

her rightful tribute. Never forget Umberlee. Pray

to her in need, for she yields up sunken treasure

to those who please her.

Secular Aims: The priests of the Queen of

the Deeps are formally known as the Undrowned,

because Umberlee prevents them from drowning.

Privately, however, many call them the Drowned.

In return for offerings of at least 100 gp per pas-

senger, plus a tenth of the market value of any

cargo, an Undrowned will ride any ship on a voy-

age, and Umberlee will see that ship safe to shore,

douse any fires onboard, and hurl back pirates or

sea creatures that attack it.

The Undrowned are not loved, they are feared.

Everyone knows that a priest of Umberlee within

sight of the sea can call aquatic undead up out

of the waves to serve or fight for them. Umber-

lee suffers none of her clergy to become famous.

There are nine Undrowned female priestesses for

every male priest. All have a reputation for being

wanton, but this conduct is merely an attempt to

find relief from the chill of the sea (Umberlees

touch) through contact with warm worshipers,

usually sailors.

Waukeen, Merchants Friend

Creed: Every making or spending of a coin is

a prayer to Waukeen. Guard your funds well, yet

share them too, giving freely to beggars and in

business, for mercantile trade is the best path to

enrichment for all. Teach everyone to destroy no

trade goods, to harm and restrict no commerce,

and to call on Waukeen for guidance in trading.

Waukeens support will in the long term lead to

betterment for all. The bold find gold, the careful

keep it, and the timid yield it up.

Secular Aims: The Merchants Friend ex-

pects her priests to be honest money changers,

shrewd investors in trade, and smallcoin lend-

ers to everyoneeven those who are likely to

squander the loans. They aid merchants with

advice, pricing, labeling, crating or uncrating of

wares, and shop setup. They also help safeguard

goods or money for short periods when a mer-

chant is in need. All these services they perform

for free, but with stated limitations to avoid being

exploited. They remain a merchants friends, not

his or her staff, servants, or slaves; they entertain

suggestions, but do not take orders.

Priests of Waukeen are known as Goldpalms to

the public, but they call themselves Truetraders.

Waukeen expects her Truetraders to personally

invest at least once every tenday, and to buy or sell

something every day.

The Merchants Friend keeps a close watch

over her clergy. She guides them personally in

their dreams, and sometimes speaks to them as

they work in the form of an unmistakable voice

that shines like gold in their heads.

Priests are allowed to enrich themselves while

they do Waukeens work. As a result, even though

they monthly tithe a tenth of their profits to the

church, there are many wealthy Truetraders,

and Waukeen expects them to show their suc-

cess when its prudent to do so. Most of her clergy

have cloth-of-gold, gem-adorned revelwear and

great occasions finery, but they dont wear such

garb down dark alleys or when traveling back-

country trade roads.

The church of Waukeen, with the blessing of its

goddess, seeks to influence politics everywhere by

working through merchants. Trade barriers and

unduly high taxes or seizures should be stamped

out, and laws and customs should be shaped so as

to let trade flow freely, to bring prosperity to citi-

zens high and low. New business ventures should

be supported by quietly aiding and abetting do-

ings of the church of Lathander. Wars should be

discouraged, because even if arming for war cre-

ates a rush of wealth, the destruction, despoiling

of goods, and death of consumers always costs

more than it earns. And finally, measurements

and standards should be clearly understood and

kept from arbitrary judgment or changes to mini-

mize deceit and confusion.

GODS AND FOLLOWERS

175

This map has the look of my original dungeon mapping, but the dungeon is more of a purpose-built complex than my more typical un-

derground chambers enlarged from caverns, or that grew over time and a succession of owners dungeons. Subterranean complexes in the

Realms always have a reason for being, beyond the rather far-fetched Lets stuff a labyrinth with monsters and treasure to entertainingly

kill adventurers. The Halls of the Beast-Tamers is typical of the compact size of most dungeons in the Realms: mini-dungeons, if you will.

176

Chapter 5

The start of the Halls of the Beast-Tamers key. Note the emphasis on atmosphere, and the background on why it was built and whats

happened since. This enables a DM to react on the fly in response to the unforeseeable things players have their characters door try. The

dying T is courtesy of my aging upright Underwood 8 typewriter, a noble cast-metal machine heavier than many cars these days. This

was before personal computers, or anything called the Internet. Back then, we walked uphill both ways to our dungeons, and liked it.

GODS AND FOLLOWERS

177

6

178

We all know what brute force is. In the Realms,

it tends to mean fleets of ships, marching armies,

or the terrifying flood of a savage orc horde, and

in such displays of force, amassing more soldiers

than the foe likely means victory.

The Faernian counterbalance to the strong

sword has always been magicwonderful, awe-

some, terrible magic. Magic gives its users the

ability to harness natural forces to do things that

frustrate or counter brute force, awakening fear

and respect in those who deal in force of arms,

and serving as a deterrent that keeps them from

lashing out at will and whim.

By deliberate design, theres a lot of magic

in the Realmstoo much for any one person to

know, keep track of, or memorize all the rules and

details of. Its supposed to take you unawares, or

surprise you, or keep you guessing. It is supposed

to impart a sense of wonder that occasionally

rears into the spectacular. It is meant to give the

weak and downtrodden some hope, by enabling

them to see that chances lie ahead in their lives.

Given that Mystra is opposed to tyranny, magic

is not supposed to make every ruler a wizard-

emperor, but rather bring about a world in which

most arcane spell-hurlers are independent. Even

N

O

L

L

I

D

E

I

L

U

J

a humble farmer who gets surprised in his hayloft

could burst forth with a wild talentmagic he

might not even have known he possessed, until

that frantic moment. Magic is truly everywhere.

Entire campaigns can centered on the pursuit

of magic. An ideal one-to-three-player Realms

campaign could be built around magical research

and wizardly roleplaying. Player characters could

spend their time crafting and refining spells,

magic items, and spell-ink formulae. Nonplayer

characters could include alchemists and those

who search out or provide magical components

and ingredientssuch as other adventurers and

more powerful, rival wizards.

Alternatively, the characters in a campaign

could be a fetch and bring back adventuring

band for a wizardor even for two or three rival

wizards competing fiercely with each other. Mys-

tras servants repeatedly seed tombs, ruins, and

dungeons with spellbooks, spell scrolls, and other

magic, so Faernians expect such places to hold

magic. Of course, so do predatory monsters, who

take this expectation into account when decid-

ing where to lurk. Certain geysers and hot springs

are perfect for the disposal of magically charged

poisons, potions, and lesser magic items . . . as

well as for untraceable burials of artifacts, relics,

magic items of considerable power, and people.

An adventuring band could forge an interesting

career as finders and disposers for an arch-

mage, a royal court, or an ambitious noble family.

Anyone in the Realms who is involved in magi-

cal matters soon learns about important elements

of the Art and its wielding, such as the annual

Magefairs, and the interest that many have in

anyone who works magic publicly, seeks magic or

portals, and tries to acquire magic. Some of the

most interested parties include beholders, liches,

alhoons (illithiliches), dracoliches and the Cult

of the Dragon, the Harpers, the Chosen of Mys-

tra, the Red Wizards, and the Zhentarimjust

to name a few. Rulers like to know who in their

lands can cast spells as well, and what intentions

such spell-hurlers have.

Then there are the oddities of Faernian

magic: The ancient helmed horrors and their

many modern copies and variants. The deep-

spawn that disgorge duplicates of creatures they

have devoured, flooding an area with monsters

or livestock. And the wingless wonder, a comical,

clumsy oddity that might really be a powerful

but imprisoned wizardsince its a shape many

mages in the 800s DR through 1160s DR were

magically forced into, after losing duels with

rivals.

The Art is vast, ever-changing, and endlessly

challenging.

HOW MAGICAL

IS THE REALMS?

Very magical, in that a lot of magic (spells, magic

items, and ongoing enchantments and wards) is

always around, and that means a lot of wizards

and sorcerers too. In addition, everyone has heard

tales of magic, and most city folk see uses or

results of magic daily, often in the form of glow-

stones and similar magical light sources.

However, the average common laborer, crafter,

servant, farmer or shopkeeper has never felt magic

cast on him or her, or handled anything bearing a

dweomer or that could be called a magic item. (In

the Realms, regardless of specific game meanings,

most folk talk of enchanted items and en-

chantments rather than saying magic items or

Theres a spell on that chair.) Moreover, the av-

erage person has never hired anyone to cast a spell

or had such a person under command. Magic

is dangerous and very expensive. Many com-

mon people have seen magic used, but usually at

a distance, or in the form of the trickery spells

of traveling hedge wizards who entertain. Most

people are fascinated by it and will rush or creep

to watch it in action, full of awe but also fear. To

most folk of Faern, theres nothing everyday or

casual about magic; they dont really think about

how much it shapes their lives and societies.

Waterdhavian Attitudes

toward Magic

Early on in his learning of magic, the long-dead

and locally famous first Lord (revered in Water-

deep for his role in establishing the city as it is

today) Ahghairon said, I am no wizard. I am a

dabbler but no master of magic; it seems no mas-

tery burns within me.

These are famous words in Waterdeep, still

known by most Waterdhavian children and

all adults, and are oft referenced, as in the dry

THE ART

179

comment No mastery blazing forth yet, or A

dabbler but no master, eh? (Comments applied

to skill trades and crafts, not just to magic use.)

Tuezaera Hallowhand was a famous lone cat

thief of Waterdeep in the 1200s DR who disap-

peared suddenly and is thought to have come to a

violent end. She once robbed a wizard, and wrote

this on his wall with a fingertip dipped in his fa-

vorite red wine: I take things. You take freedom

with your spells. Which of us is the greater thief?

This statement, too, is well remembered,

and usually echoed in Waterdhavian speech by

someone using the last (questioning) sentence of

Tuezaras inscription.

Laeral, Lady Mage of Waterdeep for some

years (when married to Khelben Blackstaff

Arunsun), once publicly rebuked an overambi-

tious wizard of the Watchful Order of Magists &

Protectors thus: If I hurl spells but think not of

consequences, I am nothing. If I take lives but

count not the cost, I am nothing. If I steal in the

night and see not the faces of the devastated come

morning, I am nothing. If I make decrees like a

ruler but undertake none of the responsibilities

of the throne, I am nothing. And if I do all these

things in the name of the Watchful Order, I am

less than nothing. Doth thy mirror crack?

These scornful words are remembered and

used almost daily in Waterdeep even a century

later, though almost never as the full quotation.

Rather, someone will ask scornfully, Doth thy

mirror crack? or Hurl but think not? or Take

but not count cost? Be nothing, then!

Wizards Trading Magic

Guilds of mages are many and varied across

Faern, and unofficial, secretive cabals of wiz-

ards are far more common than formal guilds.

The trade of magic or lore will always take place

very gingerly, in one of two ways: private deals

between members (kept secret even from other

members), and formal deals (known to other

members and regulated by intricate, written guild

rules that have been tested and refined and com-

plained about and refined again for decades or

longer). Because of suspicion and paranoia, pri-

vate deals are rare without a master-apprentice

relationship being involved, or some kind of

agreement that involves hostages or collateral or

third-party scrutinizers.

In Waterdeeps Watchful Order of Magists &

Protectors, one of the best-known mage guilds,

senior members rule openly (in quorum coun-

cil) on all dissemination of lore or spells between

members, and often order such transfers to be

executed for the good of the order (that is, to

strengthen all members, or to arm all the orders

mages to better defend Waterdeep or carry out the

aims of the order).

Claims of theft, cheating, and deception are

always investigated by order members who use

mind-probing magic. Refusal to cooperate is in-

terpreted as an admission of guilt, and usually

punishable by expulsion and defanging, in which

the order sends a large force of mages to strip the

offending member of dangerously powerful spells

or items, to protect the order against retaliation.

If spell-battles result and such expelled mages

end up brain-burned or trapped in a beasts shape

during such a defanging, so be it. The choice of

action was theirs, so the consequences are also

their responsibility. Problems arise when the of-

fenders in such matters are senior order members

who also have access to mind-probing magic, but

such are the perils of interesting lives.

The Watchful Order holds mini-moots when-

ever circumstances dictate, trying wherever

possible not to hear matters involving specific

members without those members being present.

The order also holds monthly moots at its head-

quarters or at another designated place. These

monthly moots are largely good cheeses and

better wine gossip sessions wherein members

are encouraged to point out trends and oddities

theyve noticed in the city, new arrivals selling

or practicing magic, rumors from afar brought

by visiting traders, and the like. At any meeting,

order members have the right to raise complaints

and concerns with senior officers, in front of all

other members present.

Mystra smiles upon the spread of magic, so

under the urging of her clergy, and the dreams

she sends, most wizards and sorcerers will at-

tempt to give a spell to a stranger at least once

during their lives. Moreover, the Chosen of Mys-

tra and servitors of Azuth are commanded to

covertly and frequently place spell scrolls and

spellbooks in tombs, dungeons, ruins, and other

places where the adventurous will find them.

Two mages desiring to trade in magic will

probably call in a priest or a priestess of Mystra

180

Chapter 6

Ive created hundreds of mage-sigils with which wizards adorn their scrolls, spellbooks, the wax sealing their stoppered potions, the butts

of their wands, and of course the cryptic messages they leave for others to find. Great fun when players are trying to puzzle out who killed

whom in a dusty tower strewn with corpses from long ago. Mage-sigils are a big part of my one-DM-one-player campaigns of magecraft,

in which a lone wizard or a Crown investigator of magic tries to survive and prosper in a world of sinister or mad mages. Try it sometime!

THE ART

181

to secretly handle the exchange, if possible. Only

clerical superiors would know about the transac-

tion, and even they would know only what was

being exchanged and not between whom (unless

one was nosy and did some eavesdropping). One

of the chief daily functions of the clergy of Mystra

is being neutral councilors and facilitators be-

tween justifiably paranoid mages.

Such an exchange might go like this:

Will you accept Shreena handling this? asks

one mage.

Whos Shreena? asks a second mage warily.

Anointed of Mystra, of the Weavehouse tem-

ple. You know, the tall quiet one with the green

eyes and the hair down to here. Stands behind the

scrying font sometimes, when you come to pray.

Oh, aye. Her. All right. Shall you go to her

first, or shall I?

You decide, but I want this to be open:

Whichever one of us goes tells the name of the

other to her. I dont want her giving either of us

funny looks for a tenday while she wonders whos

going to show up as the other half. 

Ill go. Tomorrow morn acceptable?

Yes. Leave word here if you cant get in to

speak to her, and let that word be skyblue. If no

message is left, Ill assume you have seen her, and

go to see her myself tomorrow even.

And so on. Some mages see it as an honor to have

a Chosen of Mystra act as their go-between, and

others shun this attention because of the notice

others might take of what theyre up to as a re-

sult. Rarely, a mutually trusted person who has

no magic will be agreed upon as a go-betweena

noble, for example, or a monarch, or perhaps even

an ordinary person beloved by both mages.

Of Other Worlds, and Portals

Among the most elite magically powerful groups

(and lone, studious mages) in Faern, theres

widespread knowledge of the existence of other

worlds and the portals someone can use to walk

through into otherwhere, but very little about

the true nature of (or passing events in) such

other places, or the details of how and where to

use the ways to get to them.

Groups and individuals who have mastered

portals and know of other planes of existence

regard this knowledge as mighty lore that gives

them an advantage over everyone else. They tend

to guard it jealously, even within the hierarchies

of their own groups.

They also tend to spread lies and exaggerations

about the dangers of portals and what lies be-

yond so that no one else will try to use the gates.

For example: Anyone who uses a portal will be

tracked, from that moment on, by an invisible

creature that will always be with you and that

will aid your enemies and foes by revealing your

whereabouts and intentions for its own amuse-

ment, as it slowly feeds off you, draining your

life-force, milking you for as long as possible, and

thus ensuring that your life is long but miserable.

Most portal users try to actively suppress prac-

tical information, as in Portals are here, here,

and here, and this is how to use them. Getting

such information shouldnt be easy, which is why

the majority of Faernians discover portals by

blundering through one, or seeing another crea-

ture emerge from (or vanish through) one.

Very few new portals are created these days be-

cause very few beings have the magical might and

knowledge of how to do soand doing it wrong

usually results in a fierce, short-lived planar rift

that sucks nearby beings into it, sometimes de-

livering them stunned and bewildered to other

planes, but more often rending, blasting, and

slaying them.

It is rumored that a handful of the eldest and

most reclusive illithids, sharns, and behold-

ers know how to craft portalsbut then, a lot

of wild rumors surround gates to otherwhere.

A popular one is that the lives of one or more

accomplished sorcerers or wizards must be sacri-

ficed, on the spot, to create one. (This rumor is

truebut only for one gate-creation ritual, out of

more than a dozen ways to create portals.)

A few of the surviving portals become active

when the right conditions are met; moonlight fall-

ing on a certain rock, for example. Most of the

portals that still function require a user to touch

something, or stand in exactly the right spot,

while the right words are uttered. A few require

that users have a key (activating item), which is

almost always small and portable and usually

magical. A key could be, for example, a bundle

consisting of not less than three emeralds, of a

total volume no greater than what will fill these

two cupped hands or four rods of copper, of

this size. Keys are never alive.

182

Chapter 6

SPECIAL BLOODLINES

From ancient days in the Realms until today,

there have always been special families. These

families, elf, human, or half-elf, have been bold

enough to make secret pacts with other magic-

using races to gain magic of their ownas well as

power, wealth, and influence. Its rumored that

some of these families have interbred with their

patron races, though, in the words of the long-

ago sage Alaundo, Rumor can be a wild thing.

Realmslore tells us that these patrons have in-

cluded dragons, illithids, and beholders.

These pact-making families tend to keep them-

selves as hidden as possible, often taking other

names and faces while theyre out acting as the

agents of those with whom theyve made arrange-

ments. Yet a few folk in the Realms know the

names of some of these special clans: among the

elves, some branches of Houses Starym and El-

phaerendil; among humans, the Skeldragons and

Talonmists; and among half-elves, the Alendrim,

Saerendever, and Talyth families.

Much as nobles who plot treason against a

ruler, these special families do much in secret,

crave power, and betimes must do perilous or un-

lawful things. Their locations, reach, interests,

capabilities, and deeds vary widely, and they

and the patrons they servecan be compelling

and mysterious allies, manipulators, and foes.

Wild Talents

Members of the aforementioned special blood-

line families, as well as just plain folk, all across

the Realms can have wild talents. A wild talent

is a natural magical ability needing no training,

casting, or spell components, which manifests

spontaneouslysometimes even when needed.

Unreliability is the watchword of any wild tal-

ent, both in terms of its efficacy and its frequency

of occurrence, though a talent usually grows in

power over time if its possessor works at it. Wild

talents that start out feeble and remain some-

thing weak and intermittent, or that are swiftly

exhausted, make for much short-term excite-

mentbut a wild talent that becomes a relatively

dependable ability and is used too much in public

makes its possessor a threat whom most rulers

will want to lock up . . . or destroy.

Wild talents, when they blossom, tend to have

limits that are quickly reached. Many a Talent

can walk through walls or locked doorsbut

most who have this ability can pass just one door

every two days (or can get through a second door,

only to collapse, injured and unconscious). Some

can take only themselves through, not clothes

or weapons. Other folk can involuntarily reflect

magic back at its source for a few minutes when

spells are cast at them, but cant do so again for

six days. Or they can drift down gently from

heights and land unharmed, but are then so weak

they can barely crawl. A few Talents can turn a

spell away from themselves and at someone else

but only if a handy someone else is near.

Most wild talents come and go frustratingly (a

tingling when a lie is heard might dissipate just as

whoppers begin to flow, or an involuntary shield

that appears instantly during a surprise attack

might as abruptly vanish seconds later).

Wild talents have been known down the ages,

and are often thought of as the touch of the

gods (some say the curse of the gods). They

have always been rare, and usually feeble. Talents

who possess exceedingly strong abilities often be-

come long-lasting, paranoid villains.

Many Talents find it difficult or dangerous to

experiment with, hone, or just practice their abili-

tiesbecause a wild talent, once publicly known,

usually makes its possessor a marked person

whom rulers, cabals, or local mages want to cap-

ture, and coerce, or even experiment upon.

The most common wild talents (all undepend-

able, and usually operating only once every few

days, for short periods, often draining the vitality

of their possessors) are the ability to detect nearby

magic, or uttered lies, or to receive visions from

the past associated with a place or object.

Slightly less common are the ability to pass

alive through solid barriers without affecting

them, the ability to fly or to turn into a gaseous,

incorporeal ghostly form, the ability to become

invisible, and the ability to heal oneself or others.

Rarer still are the power to create brief illu-

sions, the ability to take the shape of another

creature for a few gasping breathsand even to

touch a spellcaster and thereby steal a spell,

which the Talent can unleash later by act of will

(but sometimes not knowing what the magic is, or

how to control it).

THE ART

183

ALCHEMY

In the Realms, alchemy is a field dominated by

secrets, mysteries, and danger. A few alchemists

search for the means of turning stones or other

dross into gold, or for elixirs to restore or preserve

youth, but most alchemists think such preoc-

cupations to be bold madness or centuries (at

best) away from success. The daily living of most

alchemists consists of concocting nonmagical

painkillers, healing salves, and love potions for

those whose fears or slim purses keep them from

being customers of magic.

Alchemy in the Realms is concerned with ev-

erything from stuff you drink to make you slim,

to stuff you rub on to remove your warts, to stuff

you eat to make sure you will or wont get preg-

nant, to stuff you slap on manacles or locks to

make them crumble to rust, to stuff you paint on

manacles and locks to make them stay unaffected

when some of that previously mentioned stuff gets

slapped on them.

Some alchemists constantly seek new poi-

sons and antidotes, because theres good coin to

be made from folk who need themsuch as the

dancer in Calimport famous for performing with

many deadly scorpions and snakes that bite or

sting her repeatedly and harmlessly, to her evident

pleasure rather than pain; and the thieves who,

equipped with the same alchemical quaffs as the

dancer, freely steal valuables from coffers guarded

by venomous serpents and scorpions.

Alchemy isnt called alchemy when prac-

ticed by priests, who are not above disparaging lay

folk who practice it, though (aside from temples

having less experimentation and substance sub-

stitutions, and more written records) theres little

real difference between a temples holy secrets of

the gods preparations and independent alchemy.

Some alchemists and herbalists work with each

other, and some sneer at each other. Truthful lore

isnt widely shared in alchemy, so the science

advances very slowly, every practitioner having

to achieve mastery for oneself. Most alchemical

tomes available for purchase contain wrong or de-

liberately false information.

Alchemy in the Realms is nowhere near as

dominant and effective as modern real-world

chemistry is, but specific breakthroughs might

occur during the events of a campaign. If clever

adventurers find wild new uses for something,

184

Chapter 6

These Guild of Naturalists notes on dragon anatomy suggest

magical uses for certain admixtures that no one has perfected

yetor rather, survived trying.

remember that alchemy can easily involve unin-

tended explosions. Lots of them.

The Quest for Eternity

Elixirs, potions, and drafts (in the Realms, some-

thing introduced into a drinkable, usually in

sparing amounts) that engender love or lust, or

confer very deep sleep, pain relief, or invisibility

are the daily bread and butter of all alchemists,

herbalists, and spellcasters. These simple concoc-

tions also provide a reliable source of income for

temples, shrine-tending priests, traveling preach-

ers, and even hermits.

However, the general populace believes that

only those who can work magic can create potions

of longevity, elixirs of youth, and other means of

extending ones life span. These are always rare,

expensive, and highly sought after treasures.

Gossip and local lore abound with horrific

tales of what can go wrong in the pursuit of

D

N

A

L

G

N

E

E

N

Y

A

W

magical youth, from death in an instant (literally

crumbling to dust from sudden aging), to being

transformed into various monsters, to an ongoing

curse of limbs and body parts slowly but continu-

ously shifting through various beast forms. All the

same, longevity magic remains a common pursuit

of the very wealthy, who often hire wizards to help

them cheat death, and among powerful mages

themselves, who often try to devise their own life-

extending and renewing magic.

This quest for immortality (or at least vigor)

is a long process, and not something for which

an adventuring wizard should be able to find a

tutor. As well, subtle differences in internal body

chemistry lead to magnified differences in a po-

tions results. As a veteran alchemist might warn,

What works for you may not work for me, and be

warnedexperiments that dont work age you, so

a night of tinkering and gulping might bring you

tottering to the edge of your grave.

Although theres a roaring trade in false elix-

irs of youth restored or eternal youth, very few

individuals know how to make real potions of lon-

gevity. These few keep this secret to themselves,

sharing such concoctions only with those they fall

in love with and want to have as companions for-

ever, to avoid being forced into slavery as captive

potion producers. Thus, everyone has to discover

the process anew, either by finding it written

down in an ancient tomb or cache (and honestly

or maliciously incorrect formulae are common) or

by finding such potions as treasure.

Longevity potions were far more common in

ancient Netheril than they are today, because cer-

tain magical processes were more widespread and

better understood then than they are now. Real

longevity magic is likely to be well guarded (in-

cluding false potionsusually poisonsas lures

for would-be thieves), and is never offered for sale

in shops. Owners such as powerful wizards might

sell a single potion, discreetly and after a personal

approach, to a wealthy buyer (usually presenting

the item as discovered among the treasures of

Archwizard X after his unfortunate demise at the

hands of Y). Buyers should be aware that evil

mages have been known to gain influence over

wealthy individuals by selling them youth po-

tions that grant such control.

The life of an alchemist, a family of alchemists,

or an adventuring band of ingredient procurers

serving various alchemists, can make for an ideal

campaign for one to three players.

WORDS OF

AWAKENING

In early Netherese magic, certain words were

commonly used to activate magical wards and

guard spells, as well as to reveal the presence and

nature of illusions by turning them translucent.

Such utterances function only when said by a

living being standing in the right spoteither a

small, precise feet just here or hand touching

this location or a larger area like a room, accord-

ing to the magic to which theyre linked.

Such words were favorites of Avrauntra, the

first and greatest Netherese arcanist. Avrauntra

tutored so many students so well that they swiftly

became more powerful than Netherese priests,

transforming the culture and making possible the

later empire of magic that culminated in the fly-

ing cities of the archwizards.

Though many sages uphold Karsus as the

greatest Netherese mage, Mystra has said it is

more accurate to see him as the most recklessly

ambitious. Avrauntra lived for centuries, suffer-

ing heartbreak after heartbreak as those she loved

were slain by rival mages or perished through

misadventure (often brought on by their magi-

cal experimentations). Despairing, she ultimately

merged herself with the Weave, increasing its

strength, vigor, and extentand she is not the

only mage to have done so. Some believe she lives

still, as a sentience within the Weave that watches

all spellcasters and murmurs warnings or advice

to those of whom she approves.

Later spellcasters made use of Avrauntras

words without necessarily being aware of their

origins, gleaning them from ancient writings and

spellbooks and believing they had power in their

own right. Indeed, they did, because repeatedly

used Weave trigger words increasingly influ-

ence the Weave to respond in certain ways, and

if Avrauntra is still aware within the Weave, she

might respond to uses of her words.

So someone saying the right word of awakening

at a particular location in a dungeon or ruin will

make hitherto silent and invisible nearby magic

suddenly glowor even come to life, sometimes

THE ART

185

with disastrous results. Yet the use of such words

can reveal perils waiting ahead.

Many words of awakening have been forgotten,

but those that survive include these.

Authlaumator (oth-lawm-ah-tor): Usually a

command to a spying spell to reveal itself and re-

port its results. The results of the spying spell are

usually shown by playing a series of short, silent

moving hologram-like images of intruders, show-

ing their movements and what they did.

Chelaunt (shell-ont): Awaken and unleash

effects.

Ereth (air-eth): All at once.

Fethadras (feth-ad-ras): Be revealed.

Orprel (or-prel): Cease instantly.

Porro (pore-oh): End/not that effect, but the

next/other one.

Qerest (care-est): In succession.

Spaereth (ss-pair-eth): Be revealed and de-

stroyed, without taking effect.

Almost all surviving words of awakening have

crept into recent use as code words, by the Harp-

ers and others (notably wizards cabals). So all

these words now have a variety of everyday, non-

magical meaningswith new ones being crafted

all the time. These possible meanings include

I am of the group (are you?), and Meet me

at the agreed-upon place, and Danger, and

Urgent, and You are being followed, and

Renounce whats planned!

BARDIC MATTERS

Bardic colleges have indoor performance halls,

often soundproofed by magic or by being under-

ground and having long, crazy dogleg entry

passages. The intent is to allow many bards to

practice at once without disturbing anyone (ex-

cept perhaps their tutors or fellow performers).

Many colleges have teaching rooms, lounges, liv-

ing quarters, meeting rooms, kitchen facilities

and pantries, instrument storage rooms, a lone

aboveground performance hall with galleries, and

a radiating network of performance chambers

belowground.

What is taught in bardic colleges varies from

college to college, and from tutor to tutor. In

general, the lower-order colleges concentrate on

matters of pitch, timbre, and nuance. They do

this by having students sing scales, practice pre-

cisely duplicating an overheard note or tune with

the voice, and mimic other voices and bird and

animal calls. Students also memorize a set of

stock tunes and perfect them on a limited range

of instruments (recorder, lute, harp) to the extent

that they can transpose them into different keys.

All students are taught to make and repair a par-

ticular sort of instrument.

Higher-order colleges add instruments and

greatly expand the memorized repertoire. They

also add versions of songs in other tongues, so

that a graduate who doesnt know a particular

language can still perform a given song in that

tongue with perfect pronunciation and articula-

tion. Students learn the histories of the tunes

in their repertoire, and sometimes alternative

lyricsas well as why certain lands frown on,

or approve of, specific wordings. As students

progress, they are gradually taught how to in-

struct others, and guided through the steps of

making and repairing an ever greater variety of

instruments.

Only the newest students are taught in large,

organized classes. The whole point of bardic col-

leges is that they offer a lot of one-on-one and

small-group instruction. Additionally, senior stu-

dents are encouraged to improvise musically with

younger ones, so they can learn by exploration.

Bardic colleges specialize in what they teach

and what instruments they make, but these dif-

ferences depend on the individual instructors

practicing at a college at a given time more than

they do on college policy. As a result, nonbards

wont tend to rank, for example, a lute from one

college as worth more or being finer than a lute

from another college. They do rank this lute by

Tholomon Candras, from the time when he was

at this college . . . over that lute by Andrath

Melonder, repaired by diverse hands, from his

early days at that other college . . .

Bardic colleges in Faern admit would-be

members according to the following procedure.

Someone shows up at the door of a bardic college

who already makes a living by performing, and

who might already be knownby reputation, at

leastto the masters of the college (both genders

are usually called masters, addressed specifi-

cally as lord master or lady master). However,

any recognition of such notoriety would not be

revealed. All would-be students are auditioned

186

Chapter 6

This was all TSR saw of Halruaa, the realm of mages, for quite some years. In part due to the Heartlands-centric focus of the original

Realmslore turnovers, and because the elaborate Halruaan society I was still developing (rules and unwritten etiquette, to account for why

a realm bristling with magic and skyships hadnt destroyed itself long ago in a spellstorm cataclysm or conquered the rest of the Realms in

a casual afternoon) jarred with D&Ds freewheeling adventurers go here and there and find or make trouble style.

THE ART

187

by at least one visible and one invisible (hearing,

but not seen) master. If these two listeners dis-

agree on whether a candidate should be admitted,

additional auditions are necessary to come to a

decision.

Colleges finance themselves by selling instru-

ments and sheet music, and they take at least

half the gate at any public performance put on by

college students (such events are rare). Colleges

guarantee elaborate funerals and burials for pa-

trons who endow them with sufficient funds, and

they undertake commissions (usually for rulers)

to compose music. In general, a students fees are

tied to his or her ability to pay. High fees arent

used as a barrier to admission, and at the same

time cartloads of coins cant be used to bribe your

way in.

One college is ranked over another purely by

opinion, which tends to sharply vary from indi-

vidual to individual. To outsiders, theres simply

no way to truly measure which college has the best

training or instructors, or the most talented pupils.

ELVEN MUSIC

The songs of elves are often wordless, or sung

with multiple overlapping voices singing dif-

ferent words at once, making the lyrics hard to

distinguish for non-elven listeners. Elven songs

are almost always whimsical in places and tinged

with melancholy in others. The instrument most

closely associated with elves is the harp, but vari-

ous pipes (flutelike horns) are also prevalent in

elven minstrelsy. Elven musical instruction usu-

ally includes much more history than human

instruction does. It also deals with the nuances

of how emotion (primarily melancholy) shapes a

note as it is sung, providing memory spurs to lis-

teners, and actual tags or footholds to elves who

work magic that brings forth three-dimensional

illusory images, so a song can be accompanied by

a shifting galadrae (movie) of animated images,

one melting into the next.

Elves can reach higher notes with their voices

than most humans without their tone becoming

thin or strangled or going sharp or flat, and can

also hold notes longer. Elven musical instruction

works to develop these abilities. Certain elves

(the talent is genetic but not racial) can produce

a second ghost voice echoing their primary

vocalization, so an elf could sing,  Twas in the

early gloaming mist, that first I saw thy danc-

ing fair, and could faintly sing again gloaming

mist simultaneously with I saw thy. Instruc-

tion develops this ability, and also amplifies the

natural ability to produce dronesong, which is

a whistle and hum produced simultaneouslya

feat many humans can accomplish, too. Proper

instruction turns a drone voice into a finely

finished, controlled singing voice. The most com-

mon elven musical ability, the skill of splitting

tone on a single held note to create a chord, is

also developed, allowing lone singers to end songs

with rich, full-throated chords.

Elves typically understand more of the his-

tory of a tune, its variants, and its various lyrics

than all but the most accomplished human bards.

Gnomes and halflings tend to be good at swift,

glib, and often humorous rhymes, and dwarves

prefer drones and plainsong (single note) chants.

SPELLSONG

Scattered across the countryside are a handful of

human and half-elven, and usually female, leg-

endary individuals called spellsingers. They can

dance and sing in circles with other spellsingers,

usually around a fire or other central focus, to

combine and work magic too powerful for an in-

dividual spellsinger to cast.

The song of one such singer typically matches

a wizards cantrip in power, and the singing of

two can usually duplicate slightly more signifi-

cant effects. Additional spellsingers of sufficient

skill can harmonize to boost the magical might of

spellsong exponentially.

As with elven music (see above), the ability to

spellsing is inborn rather than something one can

acquire by instruction. Tutoring refines this tal-

ent, affording the spellsinger additional control,

scope, and power. A successful spellsong can . . .

 partially heal wounded or ill creatures lo-

cated amid the singers.

 send short, simple mental images, messages,

or follow this thread directions to a specific

individual personally known to a majority of the

spellsingers. (Two-way communication isnt pos-

sible unless the recipient individual casts a spell

establishing it.)

188

Chapter 6

Dwarves make things of lasting beauty; elves make music that moves the heartto soothe, to mourn, to be plunged into sadness . . . or to

start wars.

 thrust lesser undead or evil creatures away,

and keep them at bay.

 cause nearby magic items to glow or rise

up or activate.

The mightiest spellsingers can by their sing-

ing call on the Weave to work spells like those of a

middling-level wizard or sorcerer.

Long ago, spellsingers devised the simple code

used by Harpers, minstrels, and many others

that uses certain chords played or sung within

standard folk songs to send messages such as

Danger; harken to me later to learn it.

MORE MAGIC

It is a sometimes fatal mistake to think that all ar-

cane magic is of the Weave (or, like the Shadow

Weave, built around the Weave). The Realms

is and has long been a crossroads for planar

travelers, many of whom bring other ways of

doing magic to Faern.

Ancient cultures of the Realms have known

plume magic, table magic, truename magic, and

wild magic (as something wizards strove to mas-

ter, or at least steer), to name just a few.

The Weave has failed in the past, and much of

the work of the Chosen of Mystra is committed

to continuously repairing it and guarding against

perils to it, preventing the spread of any dam-

age. Spellcasters have found other ways to work

magicand still do. Magic evolves and progresses

through such innovations, down the ages.

Magic in the Realms should never be some-

thing stripped of mystery, something that

everyone can understand and know all about.

Like the wider Realms, there should always be

room for the new to slip in, to challengeand

perhaps to astonish.

THE ART

189

Y

E

L

S

R

O

H

H

P

L

A

R

AFTERWORD

The present-day visage of Sir Ed of Greenwood, aka You Know

Who. Pensive, perhaps a bit playful . . . and pleased that the robe

still fits.

190

of slicing open the living and sewing enchanted

items into their bodies, so magic imbues their

blood and changes them, healing and invigorat-

ing. Two-and-twenty strong are the ranks of those

who serve him without knowing it, as I write this,

thanks to his control of the enchanted things

within them. Or of the flying helmed heads and

what they watch for.

Yet the right day for such tellings is not this

day. If ye know not that a force invincible stands

athwart thy chosen path, the way to thy dreams,

ye may forge ahead heedless, and reach thy goal,

and so change the Realms. Which is a good thing,

for if the invincible cannot be beaten by those

who know no better, what is life for?

Nor is there any end to secrets and interest-

ingnay, essentiallore of the Realms. It is a

world full of wonders and energetic folk, bathed

in endless torrents and eddies of intrigue and

confrontation and sly manipulation, a crossroads

amid other worlds visited by outlanders with

their own schemes and strivings. In short, a place

where no onenay, not even sages and gods and

the privileged servants of gods, which is also to

say not even meever knows just whats going to

happen next.

Aye, even I, who can tell thee undergarment

fashions from the Frozenfar to verdant Comm-

arth beyond Ulgarth, know not it all. Wherefore

the Realms continues to surprise me daily.

It is my hope that it surprises you. That you

feel awe amid its mysteries and splendors. That

you never cease feeling such things.

As thanks to this herald and many others, in

these pages and many before and to come, the

great tapestry of this world continues to unfold.

Behold the Realms, from its lightless nether

depths to the stars that twinkle down upon it.

Make it thine.

Elminster of Shadowdale

The end? So soon? Well, looking back over these

pages, I see thy chronicler hasnt done as much

damage as Id feared he might.

This time.

I might even, however grudgingly, say hes

been a good keeper of secrets.

Oh, aye, I said keeper of secrets, indeed. Hes

kept things from all of ye.

And wisely.

As in, his desire to retain his head led him to

be most wise to heed my kind suggestions.

Ye see, secrets are powerful things. To know

a truth is to hold a sword. Fools and swaggerers

may bluster and wave such things about, but the

wise keep them hidden, to strike with swift and

sudden surprise when its needful to strike.

So certain things are missing from these pages.

Some hinted at, and some not written of at all.

The time will come when such tales can be

told. Who the beloved of Mirt of Waterdeep truly

was, for instance, or the grand and ancient plans

some Sharn pursue to this day. The fell deceits

of Larloch, and the greater ones of Ioulaum. The

six crowned skulls that lurk, and the seven whis-

pers of Narnel. Not to mention the lost left ring

finger of Queen Filfaeril and why it should make

kingdoms tremble, or the great peril that yet lies

hiddenbut now awakein Teflamm. Nor yet

the curious matter of the deadly kiss of Lady

Cymraraun, or the doppelganger kingdomsor

autharkhies, I should say, as their rulers style

themselves autharkhsthat overlap human

realms, unseen and unheeded. To say nothing

of the hidden politics of Faernian dragonkind,

that underlie so much in throne intrigues across

Faern, and led Vangerdahast of Cormyr to lay

aside his aging aches for draconic wings and

scales. Nor was he the first to do so.

Aye, some tongues wag as recklessly as hot-

headed knights swing swords, or power-hungry

mages hurl spells. Theyd not stop one moment

to consider the consequences of revealing where

the phylactery of Larloch lies hidden, or the

Lost Sword of Athalantar that holds the soul of

a queen, nor yet the Nine Whispered Words that

can unlock the Crowns of Evermeet.

Some would tell thee in a heartbeat how Gon-

degal came back out of the mists, and what he

did then. Or of the city that lies buried a stones

throw from the Troll Mountains, and how and

when it may rise again. Or Maskalars secrets

191

192

 Tis the besetting doom of humans

that they forget. This was in fact why thy

mother or a teacher advised theejust as

sages in the Realms advise Faernians

Write it down. Well, now we have done

just that. Twas about time, too!

With those words, Elminster of

Shadowdale welcomes you to Faern

and invites you to join Ed Greenwood,

the creator of the Forgotten Realms

setting, on a guided tour of his famous

world. This tome also presents never-

before-seen notes and previously

unpublished material written by Ed

many years ago, when he and Faern

were both younger.

Elminsters Forgotten Realms

is appropriate reading for fans

of all editions of the

Dungeons & Dragons game.

DungeonsandDragons.com

2012 Wizards of the Coast LLC. Ed Greenwood Presents Elminsters

Forgotten Realms, Wizards of the Coast, DUNGEONS & DRAGONS,

D&D, FORGOTTEN REALMS, and their respective logos are trademarks

of Wizards of the Coast LLC in the USA and other countries.

Manufactured by: Hasbro SA, Route de Courroux 6, 2800 Delemont,

CH. Represented by Hasbro Europe, Stockley Park, UB11 1AZ, UK.

ISBN: 978-0-7869-6034-7

N

A

E

(cid:58)(cid:92)(cid:78)(cid:21)(cid:3)(cid:57)(cid:76)(cid:91)(cid:72)(cid:80)(cid:83)(cid:33)(cid:3)(cid:60)(cid:58)(cid:3)(cid:11)(cid:26)(cid:32)(cid:21)(cid:32)(cid:28)(cid:3)(cid:3)(cid:3)(cid:42)(cid:40)(cid:53)(cid:3)(cid:11)(cid:27)(cid:30)(cid:21)(cid:23)(cid:23)(cid:3)

(cid:55)(cid:57)(cid:48)(cid:53)(cid:59)(cid:44)(cid:43)(cid:3)(cid:48)(cid:53)(cid:3)(cid:59)(cid:47)(cid:44)(cid:3)(cid:60)(cid:58)(cid:40)(cid:3)

(cid:26)(cid:32)(cid:31)(cid:31)(cid:31)(cid:23)(cid:23)(cid:23)(cid:23)