One afternoon early in 2006, I was poking

around  the  FORGOTTEN  REALMS  message

boards on the Wizards of the Coast website

when  I  ran  across  an  interesting  thread.  Several  posters  were

raving about a great Realms history tool assembled by someone

under the mysterious screen name of Iakhovas. One of the mes-

sages included a link, and I was intrigued enough to follow it. I

soon discovered a 100-page PDF composed mostly of the compiled

timelines from every D&D FORGOTTEN REALMS publication. This,

of course, was Brian Jamess Grand History of the Realms, in a

form very much like the one you now hold in your hands.

Needless  to  say,  I  was  immediately  impressed.  I  felt  that

Iakhovass  Grand  History  was  the  sort  of  online  resource  we

should have put together ourselves. After all, wed assembled a

dozen different timelines in these various sourcebooks, but wed

never pulled them together into a single uni ed history. So I

forwarded the link to Chris Perkins (Design Manager for D&D),

Phil Athans (Managing Editor for our book team), and Bart

Carroll (the producer in charge of our D&D website content).

This is a great piece of work, I told them. What do we think

about contacting this guy, paying him for his work, and posting

this as a web feature?

As it turned out, they liked the idea a lot. I got in touch with

the mysterious Iakhovas to let him know we were interested in

his work, which is how I made the acquaintance (electronically, at

least) of Brian James. Bart and Chris worked out an arrangement

with Brian to make use of his Grand History for our FORGOT-

TEN REALMS web page, and I went back to my normal routine.

But Chris already had bigger plans for the Grand History in

mind, and when a slot in our product schedule opened up, he

successfully lobbied our business managers to assign it to The

Grand History. This was something unprecedented for us; for

the  rst time in my long experience with TSR and Wizards of

the Coast, we accepted an unsolicited, fan-created piece of work,

originally available on the Internet, and put it on our product

schedule.

The  Grand  History  of  the  Realms  is  therefore  not  just  an

excellent FORGOTTEN REALMS resource, but also a truly revolution-

ary product and process for us. Its a sign that you, the readers

and  players  of  the  FORGOTTEN  REALMS  campaign   setting,  are

taking control of the creative process. Your interests and your

collective experience with the setting that we all know and love

have become just as big a part of Faern as any series of novels,

sourcebooks, or adventures weve ever printed. The Realms are

more than what we say they aretheyre what you say they are,

too.

Of  course,  a  book  composed  of  nothing  but  the  timelines

of dozens of Realms products would only appeal to the most

dedicated of fans, so Chris decided to expand Brians excellent

compilation with nearly 60 sidebars by Brian, Tom Costa, Eric

L. Boyd, George Krashos, and none other than Ed Greenwood

himself, offering new insights and glimpses into the ever-growing

story of Faern.

While most of the 3rd Edition sourcebooks are the work of a

relatively small number of game designers, the timelines included

in these books were frequently derived from older 1st and 2nd

Edition sources written years ago by different people. By now,

scores of game designers and authors have touched the great,

sprawling story that unfolds in these 150-plus pages. Suf ce it

to say that just about everybody whos worked on a FORGOTTEN

REALMS game product or written a FORGOTTEN REALMS novel

has contributed to this sweeping vista of imagination. And, as

always, Ed Greenwood has been exceedingly generous with his

world,  nding room for all sorts of story lines and ideas brought

to the Realms by all the rest of us. None of this would be here

if not for him.

Anyway, thanks to a little passion and a lot of hard work on

the part of IakhovasBrian JamesThe Grand History in all

its splendor is now yours to behold. Enjoy!

Richard Baker

33

INTRODUCTION

Introduction

All of Toril, and especially Faern, is rich in history. As the eons

have passed, empires have risen and fallen all around the world.

This chronology presents the history of the FORGOTTEN REALMS

setting in all its glory. Weve brought together information from

dozens of sources to provide the de nitive chronicle.

Timeline Format

The bulk of this book is made up of brief entries that collectively

form a timeline of the history of Faern and the other continents

of Toril. The events are presented (naturally) in chronological

order according to the year or time frame in which they occurred.

In addition, the events for the four most recent years in history

(beginning with 1372) are laid out in order by the day on which

each event occurred or began.

Because the saga is a long and complex one, weve inserted a

number of pointerslinks, if you willthat make it possible

to read about a single chain of events by following a certain set

of pointers from one year to the next one (or the previous one)

in the sequence.

For instance, if youre browsing the book and you notice a

mention of Elminster in the year 851, youll see that his name

is followed by [720, 1179]indicating that the next mention of

Elminster is in the year 1179 and the previous one is in 720. By

following that chain backward or forward (or both), you can soon

discover every place where the timeline has something signi cant

to say about the Sage of Shadowdale. (If a name or term is ac-

companied by only a single pointer, that place represents either

the beginning or the end of that particular chain.)

Quite a few names or terms are not accompanied by pointers

because they show up so often that putting year numbers in every

location would break up the text so much that it would become

too dif cult to navigate. If we provided pointers for every men-

tion of Waterdeep, Myth Drannor, and Zhentil Keep (to name

just a few), the timeline would have quickly become overrun by

an epidemic of numbers in brackets. So, if you want to  nd out

all about Shadowdale (another example), youre just going to have

to . . . read the book.

MONARCHIES OF FAERN

A worthy companion to the timeline appears on pages 74 through

86, where we have reproduced detailed lists of the rulers of all

the  human  realms  of  Faern.  This  information,  compiled  by

George  Krashos,  provides  a  host  of  details  that  are  not  also

mentioned in the timeline. The history of each countrys rulers

is a story in itself!

Calendar Conversions

One notable feature of the timeline that the expert Faernian

historian will notice is that weve expressed all the years in the

current Dalereckoning (DR) notation. Different cultures in the

Realms have used different calendars, and reconciling them has

often caused sages much dif culty. See the following notes to

convert DR dates to some other calendar.

Dalereckoning  (DR):  This  human-centered  calendar  has

become the standard way of expressing dates. Dalereckoning was

4

established in the Year of Sunrise when men were  rst permitted

by elves to settle in the more open regions of Cormanthor. It is

also called Freemans Reckoning.

Cormyr Reckoning (CR): This calendar starts at the found-

ing of Cormyr by the Obarskyr Dynasty (26 DR). The use of

two close but not identical calendars in the same geographic area

causes historians and sages much confusion. To convert between

dates you might  nd in other sources: DR  25 = CR or CR +

25 = DR.

Northreckoning (NR): The calendar used throughout the city

of Waterdeep, the Silver Marches, and the North. DR  1032 =

NR or NR + 1032 = DR.

Waterdeep Year (WY): Archaic Waterdeep calendar, no longer

used.

Netheril  Year  (NY):  Calendar  used  by  the  lost  empire  of

Netheril, stemming from the Alliance of Seventon. DR + 3859

= NY or NY  3859 = DR.

Shou Calendar: The people of Shou Lung mark the ascendancy

of Nung Fu as the start of their empires calendar. DR + 1250

= Shou Year or Shou Year  1250 = DR.

Wa Calendar: Calendar used by the island nation of Wa in

the Eastern Realms. DR + 418 = Wa Year or Wa Year  418 =

DR.

Mulhorand Calendar (MC): Ancient calendar dating from the

founding of Skuld. DR + 2134 = MC or MC  2134 = DR.

Untheric Calendar (UC): Established after the ascendancy of

Gilgeam as god-king of Unther. DR + 735 = UC or UC  735 =

DR.

Aryselmalyr Calendar: Archaic calendar used by the undersea

elves of Aryselmalyr at the empires founding. DR + 11004 =

AC or AC  11004 = DR.

Timesong Calendar (TS): Calendar established at Myth Nantar

and used today by most undersea inhabitants of Sers. DR + 70

= TS or TS  70 = TS

Present Reckoning (PR): A newer calendar that dates the Time

of Troubles as Year 0. DR  1358 = PR or PR + 1358 = DR.

The Roll of Years

Each year beginning with 700 DR also includes its name from

the  Roll  of  Years.  The  standardization  of  each  year  with  an

individual,  proper  name  largely  derives  from  two  prophets  of

different eras, Augathra the Mad (c. 400 DR) and Alaundo

the Seer (c. 75 DR), about which little is known. What is certain

is that they built on a body of elven lore and prophesy, adding

their own foretellings of the future. Some historians view them

as scholarly hacks, stealing and taking credit for centuries of elf

knowledge. Others view them as great visionaries who sought to

help future generations with their warnings and reassurances.

Only recently has word spread of a new Roll of Years, a Black

Chronology  fashioned  by  the  Lady  of  Loss  and  her  faithful.

The  design  and  purpose  of  this  Shadow  Roll,  however,  is  yet

unrevealed.

The current year in the FORGOTTEN REALMS campaign setting

is 1375 DR, the Year of Risen Elfkin.

THE DAYS OF THUNDER

The Days of Thunder

35000 DR to 30000 DR

This  earliest  days  of  recorded  history  begin  at  the  end  of  a

great Ice Age, some 37,000 years ago, when the last glaciations

largely ended and the great ocean receded to reveal dry land. In

this ancient time before The Sundering, the lands which would

one day be identi ed as Faern, Kara-Tur, Maztica, and Zakhara

were each but one part of a much larger super-continent named

Merrouroboros. None of the dozen or so common races which

populate the world today existed in this distant era. Merrouro-

boros knew none of the civilized folkelves, dwarves, hal ings,

or gnomes. Nor did the savage peoplesgoblins, orcs, ogres and

their kininhabit the land. Though humans did exist during this

time, they were primitive and apelike, using only simple tools

and living in caves. These were the Days of Thunder, the time

of the Iqua-TelQ uessir, the fabled creator races.

c. 35000 DR

Rise of the Sarrukh Empires (sauroid creator race).

 The sarrukh establish the realm of Okoth, south of modern-day Mulhorand.

Within a hundred years, most of Faern is theirs.

c. 34800 DR

The sarrukh establish the realm of Mhairshaulk [33500], on the Chultan

Peninsula westward from the Lhairghal to the Jungles of Chult. The Mhair-

shaulkans  are  believed  to  have  created  nagas,  pterafolk,  troglodytes,  and

yuan-ti, as well as numerous other races long since lost.

c. 34500 DR

The  sarrukh  establish  the  realm  of  Isstosseffifil,  based  in  present-day

Anauroch.

31500: Legacy of the Batrachi

The following mind-read is from a thrall captured in the tunnels beneath Andalbruin in the Year of the Tankard (1370 DR).

It was later subsumed into the greater consciousness of the God-Brain of Oryndoll.

Understand, Meat, that I am quite familiar with your feeble kind.

My people ruled the whole of Merrouroboros while your ancestors

cowered in caves and banged rocks together to create fire. My own

domain was vast, stretching from the depths of the Black Sea in

the north to the fiery peaks of Lopango in the south. You know not

these lands because the fool Zhoukoudien threw our empire away in

an imprudent conflict with the Jotunbrud.

When the seven-turn winter later blanketed our lands with ice,

I retreated with many of my kind to the otherworldly realm of Limbo,

where we established a kingdom that your sages call the Supreme

Throne. It was there that our race was once again transformed by

Ramenos to serve his divine purpose. Many of your ignorant kind

mistakenly confuse my people with the slaad, who make their home

on the same plane. In fact, I am a batrachi lordfar more powerful

than any common fiend.

But let us return to the task at hand. The agenda of your Lord

Kossuth is not so different from my own. Fire burns in both our hearts,

and together we can scatter the armies of your enemies and sow chaos

throughout the land. Speak now the rite of unbinding, and you can

command power greater than that of any pathetic zulkir. All shall

bow before the Order of the Black Flame and tremble before the

fury of the Firebringer.

 BRJ

5

THE DAYS OF THUNDER

6

THE DAYS OF THUNDER

c. 34100 DR

After a century of civil strife that drove many sarrukh of Okoth to the planes,

the Okoth Empire collapses.

c. 34000 DR

The otherworldly realm of Faerie is ruled by the fey (creators of korreds,

sprites, and pixies). The fey continue to rule to the present day.

 Formation of the Baetith, a sarrukh organization that studies the primi-

tive forms of magic practiced by various races.

c. 33800 DR

Fall of Isstosseffifil: In an effort to drown the Phaerlin (known today as the

Buried Realms in the Underdark) and dispatch their enemies in one masterful

stroke, Isstossef wizards rerouted the Narrow Sea so that it ran from east to

31000: The Creator Races

This following excerpt was taken from a letter recently received by the Tethtoril, First Reader of Candlekeep.

sion  of  humankinds  burgeoning  numbers  and  the  debased

descendants of the batrachi who inhabit the darkest swamps

of Faern, then briefly addresses the long-simmering debate

among scholars as to whether dragons or an avian race

rounded out the ranks of the Iqua-TelQuessir.

d

o

o

W

m

a

S

y

b

n

o

i

t

a

r

t

s

u

l

l

I

Dear Master Tethtoril,

Many leaves have turned since my last communicationa

delay  for  which  I  beg  the  Binders  forgiveness.  Baldu-

ran  continues  to  grow,  as  does  our  knowledge  of  this

magnificent land, despite constant attacks by wild

elves from the interior. The young  Seekers  who

have accompanied me continue

to catalog the native flora and

fauna,  and  the  entries

in  their  journals  shall

amaze countless lovers of

lore in the years to come.

I  am  writing  to  you  in

the strictest confidence, in

hopes of confirming a most

amazing discovery. On a

small, unnamed island

north of Fort Flame, I

discovered the remains

of a magic ship that is

not  unlike  the  fabled

skyships  of  Halruaa.

From  the  wreckage,  I

managed  to  recover  a

portion  of  a  journal

apparently  written  by

Captain  Eartharran

Neirdre, of the Fair Folk

of  Evermeet,  during  a

voyage  of  exploration

down the coast from the

north  during  the  reign  of

King Zoar.

Several  entries  in  the

late  captains  journal

the  Iqua-

mention

TelQuessirthe  Elven

term  for  the  nigh-mythi-

cal  creator  races,  and  the  mysteries  that

surround  their  fate.  Eartharrans  notes

suggest that he was hunting for a lost city

whose contents might resolve some of these questions. In one

entry, he notes that most of the fey had already retreated to

the otherworldly realm of Faerie, and that the sarrukh were

reputedly slumbering in the depths of the Mhair Jungles (a

rumor to which I give little credence). He speaks with deri-

The  last  entry  in  the  journal  records  a

remarkable find. Far to the north, hovering

above  an  ice-filled  bay,  Eartharran

discovered  an  apparently  aban-

doned floating city. During a

brief exploration of the place

with his crew, the captain

sketched several examples

of  the  remarkable  statu-

ary  they  found.  From  his

drawings,  it  appears  that

the city must once have been

inhabited  by  a  humanoid

race  with  both  dra-

conic  and  avian  fea-

turesthat  is,  scales

and  feathers.  The

captain  openly  specu-

lates as to whether the

aearee,  as  he  called

these creatures, were

the  descendants  of

great  wyrms  who

had  evolved  avian

characteristics,  or  the

forebears of both the dra-

conic and the avian races.

The captains entry ends

with a brief note that

he and his crew were

forced  to  flee  back  to

their ship to escape a wing of wyrms that

had suddenly appeared on the horizon.

I can only guess at the fate of Eartharran

and his crew, but the discovery of a broken

black dragon scale amid the wreckage of the

Eartharrans flight

ship suggests that their journey met a violent end.

May the Binder continue to guide us to new discoveries,

Loremaster Ignace Dethingeller

 ELB

7

DAWN AGES

west, inundating the land around the chain of hills known today as the Tagorlar

with water. Although the Isstossef succeeded in driving the phaerimms [461]

deep into the Underdark, the massive ecological change resulting from their

weavings of Art caused the Isstosseffifil empire to collapse.

c. 33500 DR

Sarrukh-ruled Mhairshaulk [34800, 24000] declines gradually, sinking slowly

into somnolence. The empire becomes the domain of the yuan-ti.

 Rise of the Batrachi Empires (amphibioid creator race).

c. 31500 DR

Under the wise leadership of Zhoukoudien, batrachi power reaches its zenith. The

High Ones reign ends when he is slain in battle by the titan thane Omo.

c. 31000 DR

An unimaginable catastrophe strikes Abeir-Toril. Whole continents vanish

in earthquakes, fires, and windstorms, and the seas are rearranged. Ancient

sarrukh accounts remark on the changing of the stars, but no one now

knows what this might mean.

Most scholars now speculate that at about this date a comet or ice moon

fell from the sky, devastating much of Abeir-Toril, and refer to this event as

the Tearfall. The four Inner Seas merge together to form the body of water

known today as the Sea of Fallen Stars. Tens of thousands of dragon eggs

soon hatch across Toril. The dramatic climate change that followed quickly

brought an end to the batrachi civilization.

 Rise of the Aearee Empires (avian creator race). In the west, the Aearee-

Krocaa establish the grand aerie of Viakoo on Mount Havraquoar, which

became  the  capital  of  their  great  nation.  In  the  north,  the  Aearee-Syran

establish  their  capital  at  the  aerie  of  Phwiukree,  in  the  peaks  of  the  Star

Mounts. In the southeast, the Aearee-Quor carve out the domain of Shara

from their rookery in the Orsraun Mountains.

c. 30700 DR

Lammasu Massacre: One thousand Aearee-Krocaa lose their lives to a much

smaller force of lammasu. Later experiments with domesticated landwyrms

produce the first winged wyrms, which the aearee name wyverns. Thanks to

its new wyvern armies, the Aearee-Krocaa empire expands rapidly.

c. 30400 DR

The Wasting Plague: In a conflict between the gnolls of Urgnarash and the

rookery of Kookrui-Shara, shamans of Yeenoghu summon marrashispirits

of pestilence from the Barrens of Doom and Despairto blight aearee crops

and spread a wasting plague among the avians. Decimated, many Aearee-Quor

turn to the demon lord Pazrael for salvation.

Dawn Ages

30000 DR to 24000 DR

The empires of the creator races fade into memory, ushering in the

Time of Dragons and the Time of Giants. Individual dragons and

dragon clans rule large swaths of territory and battle with their

rivals for control of the land, seas, and skies. During this period of

devastating warfare among the dragons of Faern, isolated pockets

of formerly dragon-ruled territory fall under giant control. Over

time, such giant-ruled kingdoms come to threaten the hegemony

of dragonkind, leading to great battles between giant kingdoms

such  as  Darchar,  Grunfesting,  Helligheim,  Nedeheim,  Ostoria,

and  Rangfjell,  and  dragon-ruled  realms  such  as  Argissthilliax,

Caesinmalsvir, Darastriverthicha, and Tharkrixghontix.

c. 30000 DR

Fall of the Aearee Empires: The Time of Dragons is ushered in as dragons

across Faern swarm together in the first Flight of Dragons. They assail the

avians in the air, on the land, and beneath the ground. They fall upon the

home-nest of Viakoo and burn the city from the sky. In the caverns beneath

the Orsraun Mountains, the wyrm-general Nagamat rampages through the

ancestral hatcheries of Shara and claims the kingdom as his own.

 The Baetith create the Golden Skins of the World Serpent, known today

as the Nether Scrolls [3533].

 War of the Seldarine: Araushnee is cast down into the Demonweb Pits,

where she becomes the demon-goddess Lolth.

 The  solar  Malkizid  [1374]  is  branded  and  thrown  down  into  the  Nine

Hells.

 The great giant god Annam All-Father marries Othea, a lesser demigoddess

of Toril. Their union produces eight terrestrial children. Ostoria, the Colossal

Kingdom, is founded by Annam in honor of his sons.

c. 29500 DR

Dragonfall War: Followers of Xymor attack and slay Nagamat, inciting the

Dragonfall War [2087], a conflict between the followers of Bahamut and

Tiamat that persists to this day.

c. 28000 DR

The Colossal Kingdom reaches its height, stretching across Faern from the

Cold Lands to the Vilhon Reach.

c. 27000 DR

Continuing their work to undermine dragon rule, the Fey open new gates

allowing the first elves to immigrate to Toril. These primitive green elves

worship the Faerie gods (not the Seldarine, which were unknown at this time).

Although most green elves are content to remain in small scattered tribes,

one group known as the Ilythiiri negotiates with the dragons and begins to

carve out a small kingdom in the south. The great Ilythiiri capital at Ator-

rnash remains a shining beacon of elf culture for millennia.

c. 26000 DR

Othea, mother of giantkind, pursues a series of unsatisfying affairs with vari-

ous powers such as Vaprak, father of the ogre race.

26000 DR to 25000 DR

Thousand Year War: An avatar of the draconic deity Garyx leads red drag-

ons in battle against the giants of Ostoria. Eventually all of dragonkind is

drawn into the conflict, which rages on and off for a thousand years. Upon

its conclusion, Ostoria has shrunk to only a shadow of its former self. The

Colossal Kingdom now occupies only the northernmost edge of the continent

(present-day Great Glacier and the Cold Lands).

c. 25500 DR

Othea begins an affair with Ulutiu [2550], a minor sea god of the Savage

Frontier. The union of Othea and Ulutiu ultimately produces four sons: fir-

bolg, verbeeg, voadkyn, and fomorian.

c. 25400 DR

Fleeing the destruction of the island kingdom of Tintageer on their home

world of Faerie, a small circle of gold elves led by the young prince Durothil

cast a divination to find their new homeon the world of Toriland then

create a portal leading there. The refugees name their new home Faern, the

One Land. Integrating into the native green elf communities, the descen-

dants of the gold elves of Tintageer become known as sun elves, while the

descendants  of  the  sole  silver  elf  refugee,  Sharlario  Moonflower,  become

known as moon elves.

c. 25100 DR

Sharlario Moonflower and his son Cornaith visit the dark elf city of Atorrnash

in the south. Durothil takes a silver dragon mount and becomes the first drag-

onrider. Durothil is later slain in battle with the red wyrm Mahatnartorian,

known to the green elves as Master of the Mountains.

c. 25000 DR

First Rage of Dragons: In a newly built citadel in the northernmost reaches

of Toril, the elves create the Dracorage mythal. Tied to the appearance of the

8

DAWN AGES

c. 24500: First of the Dragonspawn

The following is an excerpt from Reverent Dreamer Rhistel Laelithars Treatise Historical of the Dragon Tyrants, recovered

from the ruins of Myth Drannor in the Year of Lightning Storms (1374 DR).

In yet anot her heavenly reverie, t he Daughter of t he Night Skies

has elucidated mysteries to which few but she are privy. I scribe now

t hat which t he Lunar Ladys silvery light has made clear.

Long before t he Crown Wars came an age called t he T ime

of Dragons, when dragons ruled immense demesnes and fought one

anot her to expand t heir empires. One such kingdom was Darastri-

vert hicha, ruled by Caesinsjach, t he might iest of green dragons.

Among her vassal states was Darastrixhurt hi, a nat ion of kobolds

ruled by t he first of t he dragonspawnCaesinsjachs own Kurtul-

mak, t he Horned Sorcerer and first of t he kobolds. Made up of

many kobold metropolises known as labyrint hs, Darastrixhurt hi was

located in a mountain t hat crowned a body of water known as t he

Hidden Lake during t he age of Fallen Net heril. Now t he mountain is

gone, and t he area is called t he Shoal of T hirst.

Like t he mighty dragons, t he small inhabitants of Darastrix-

hurt hi had been spawned from t he bloodline of Asgorat h, t he

World-Shaper. Unlike t heir dragon progenitors, however, t he kobolds

reproduced at a fantast ic rate, causing t heir populat ion to grow

rapidly. Many even mingled wit h t heir chromat ic dragon masters,

who viewed t he offspring of t hese unions as a means to guide and

control t he dragonspawn. Darastrixhurt his most elite defenders grew

dragon wings and worked toget her in teams known as wings (or

urds, in Draconic). Over t ime, t he members of t he urds established

a caste system t hat raised t hem above t heir landbound kin in

Darastrixhurt hi.

labyrint hs upon his pursuers. Kurtulmak and most of his people died

in t he collapsean event t hat eventually led to t he creat ion of t he

Hidden Lake. T hose not crushed in t he collapse of t he labyrint hs

were easy prey for Caesinsjach because despite Kurtulmaks orders

to keep t he dragon at bay unt il her sanity returned, t he urd t hat

should have protected t he kobolds was nowhere to be found. In

t he end, nearly all were slain. T he few t hat remained left t he

area, set t ling first along t he Moonsea, and t hen spreading across

Faern as far as west as t he Ice Lakes nort heast of Luskan,

as far east as t he now-destroyed kingdom of Zext handrim in t he

Mountains of Copper, and fart her st ill.

When t he World-Shaper saw t he rage unfold and realized t he

true extent of t he destruct ion his children had wrought, he felt t he

need to make rest itut ion, despite t he innocence of t he dragons

responsible. So he decided to give t he first of t he dragonspawn

anot her chance by raising Kurtulmak to godhood. T hat tale is well

known among kobold adepts, but few know t hat t he elite urds were

saved by one of t heir own.

T he leader of t he urds was Kuraulyek, a blue dragonwrought

kobold. But Kuraulyek was enamored of power and cared more for

personal wealt h and profit t han he did for loyalty and responsibility.

So when t he rage began, he flew away wit h his chosen people to a

complex of dismal, bat-ridden caverns in what are now t he T hunder

Peaks, leaving his ground-dwelling kin to t he enraged fangs, claws,

and breat h of t heir dragon overlords.

Near t he end of t he T ime of t he Dragons, kobold miners broke

Upon his ascension, Kurtulmak learned of Kuraulyeks perfidy and

into some new gem-encrusted caverns below t heir labyrint hs, where

t hey met t he first of Garl Glit tergolds creat ionst he gnomes. T he

kobolds fell upon t hese odd creatures, enslaved t hem, and stole t heir

gems. But t hese stones were no ordinary gemst hey held t he souls

of gnomes st ill await ing t he touch of t he Lords of t he Golden Hills,

who had only begun to create t he gnome race. But t he kobolds, in

t heir greed, neit her knew nor cared.

As fortune would have it, t he first Rage of Dragons occurred

at t he same t ime as t he birt hing of t he gnomes. Caesinsjach and

her servitor dragons went mad, destroying Darastrivert hicha and

all its vassal states. While Caesinsjach breat hed noxious vapors

across t he forest-covered valley of her realm, t he Watchful Protec-

tor seized t he opportunity to steal into Darastrixhurt hi and free t he

souls of his children. During his retreat, he collapsed t he kobolds

its near-genocidal results, and he vowed revenge on t he cowardly

urd leader. But to protect t he remaining first of t he dragonspawn,

Asgorat h also raised Kuraulyek, t he First of t he Urd, who prompt ly

fled from Kurtulmak. Eventually, Kuraulyek alit somewhere among t he

Barrens of Doom and Despair, where he found a deep cave infested

wit h fiendish dire bats. T here, in t hat planes gloomy Underdark, he

has hidden ever since, living in abject fear of Kurtulmaks wrat h.

Among modern-day kobolds and urds, a popular myt h relates how

Kuraulyek stole dragon wings from his master Kurtulmak, t hen flew

away to create t he urds as rivals to t he kobolds. But despite t heir

formidable abilit ies, t he urds have never become a t hreat of t he

magnitude t hat t he frailer kobolds somet imes pose.

May t he Lunar Ladys light never fade

 T C

9

King-Killer Star, the Dracorage mythal [1373]

incites the Rage of Dragons, a madness driving

all dragonkind into mindless destruction as well

as turning them against their own offspring.

 Draconic legends first speak of Ironfang Keep, a

stronghold built on the cliffs of the White River, over-

looking the Dragons Sea (present-day Moonsea).

c. 24500 DR

Both sun and moon elf communities build great cities

that rival the magnificence of ancient Atorrnash. The

sun elf city of Occidian is heralded as the center of

elven music and dance, while the moon elf city of

Sharlarion is unrivaled as the crossroads of trade

and commerce.

 Kobolds and urds become the first of the

dragonspawn.

c. 24400 DR

Lolths  attention  is  drawn  to  Toril  for  the

first time as the moon elf Kethryllia battles

her  minions  in  the  Abyss  before  returning

home to Faern.

THE FIRST FLOWERING

Kuraulyek, the First of the Urd

23100 DR

Establishment  of  the  first  gold  and  moon  elf

settlements of Syrpiir (present-day Ankhwood

and Chondalwood).

22900 DR

The  elf  settlement  of  Illefarn  (present-day

Ardeep and Kryptgarden Forests and parts of

Dessarin Valley) is founded, and green elves

join their moon elf cousins in Ardeep.

22500 DR

Establishment of the moon elf settlements

of  Orishaar  (present-day  Duskwood  and

the Shaar).

21400 DR

Establishment of the green elf settlements of

Thearnytaar (present-day Thornwood).

21000 DR

Establishment of the green elf settlements

of Eiellr (present-day Winterwood).

 The elf city of Occidian is sacked by a horde of orcs led by the abyssal

fiend Haeshkarr, which then attacks Sharlarion. The horde and Haeshkarr

are defeated by the elves at great cost.

The First Flowering

24000 DR to 12000 DR

The great elf civilizations of Faern reach their peak during this

age. As a result of the elves success against the orcs, dragons,

and giants, the other races thrive in safety and begin the slow

climb to civilization.

During the next several millennia, elf civilizations mark time

by the reigns of their rulers. The Elven word rysar is used to

de ne a span of important time or a generation, depending on

its context. As a time measurement in this context, one Rysar

encompasses the reign of a particular ruler, or coronal.

c. 24000 DR

Yuan-tiruled Mhairshaulk [33500, 304] has all but collapsed, thanks to

repeated assaults on its cities by the great wyrms of the south.

 Called into service by the god Ubtao, an army of winged serpents known

as  couatls  arrives  in  the  jungles  of  Chult  from  an  unknown  continent  to

the west.

c. 24000 DR to 23000 DR

For centuries the couatls and the yuan-ti battle each other for control of the

Chultan Peninsula. Time and again the yuan-ti are forced to concede their

westernmost holdings to the couatls, until the war ends in a stalemate with

the Hazur Mountains as the dividing line between the two territories.

c. 23900 DR

Establishment of the first gold elf settlements of Aryvandaar (present-day

High Forest).

23600 DR

Establishment  of  the  first  moon  elf  settlements  of  Ardeep  (present-day

Green Fields).

23200 DR

Ilythiir settlements spread south and east (present-day Shaar and Forest of

Amtar).

I

l

l

u

s

t

r

a

t

i

o

n

b

y

C

a

r

l

F

r

a

n

k

c. 20000 DR

Orishaar and the southern dark elf nation of Ilythiir begin skirmishes that

continue on and off for the next seven millennia.

 Evidence  from  carvings  in  some  sea  caves  suggests  that  the  merfolk,

locathah, and sahuagin exist in Sers and have battled each other since that

time.

18800 DR

Establishment of the first elf settlements of Miyeritar (present-day High

Moor and Misty Forest) by green and dark elves due to political differences

with the gold elves of Aryvandaar.

c. 18000 DR (est.)

Logical estimates suggest that the Citadel of the Raven [1276] was constructed

in this period. Some scholars purport that the citadel is irrefutable evidence

that a grand human nation existed on Faern long before recorded history.

Sages have further theorized that the barbarians of The Ride are the descen-

dants of that once-great civilization. The Citadel of the Raven is a series of

interconnected fortresses carved high on the northern slopes of the Dragon-

spine Mountains north of Teshwave. For many years, human and half-orc

bandits used the citadel as a refuge, but civilization wiped these marauders

out as it advanced north.

17800 DR

Establishment of the great elf settlements of Keltormir (present-day Forest

of Tethyr that spanned all of Tethyr, Amn, Erlkazar, and Calimshan) by

moon and green elves, seeking peace and simple lives away from the strife

of the other elf realms.

c. 17600 DR

The Sundering: Hundreds of High Mages assemble in the heartland of Faern

at the Gathering Place. Ignoring the lesson learned from the destruction of

Tintageer centuries earlier [24500], they cast a spell of elven High Magic

designed to create a glorious elf homeland. On the Day of Birthing, the magic

reaches its apex as the spell extends both back and forward in the mists of

time. Faern, the one land, is sundered apart by the unbridled force of the

Sundering. As a result, hundreds of cities are washed away, thousands of elves

lie dead, and the face of Toril is changed forever. The name Faern, no longer

the One Land, is given to the largest continent. Surrounded by vast expanses

of water, the island of Evermeet [9800], thought to be a piece of Arvandor

and a bridge between worlds, breaks the surface of the Trackless Sea [677].

Blessed by the goddess Angharradh, verdant forests and wildlife soon flourish

across the island. Corellon Larethian wards Evermeet against Lolth, Malar,

and the other powers of the anti-Seldarine and entrusts a unique seed to the

Fair Folk of the isle. The seed soon sprouts, growing into a miniature tree

10

THE FIRST FLOWERING

17600: The Sundering

The following excerpt is taken from Grand Master Laeroth Runemasters Discourse On the Origins of the Green Isle, delivered

in the Year of Prideful Tales (1219 DR).

We  speak  today  of  the  greatest  known  example  of  the

ArseluTelQuessthe union of Art, Lore, and Song that led

to the creation of the Green Isle. Our histories attest that nearly

nineteen millennia ago, the greatest High Mages of the TelQuessir

cast a ritual of the myriad known as the EverSakkatien, sun-

dering Faern and creating the Green Isle on which we now

stand. According to the common human scholars, our ancestors

tore off a great hunk of land, leaving in its wake the Sword

Coast (or the Shining Sea), then caused this landmass to float

westward into the heart of the Trackless Sea. But our investiga-

tions of the natural world suggest that our fair Evermeet is as

old as the world itself, and that its forests and rock formations

have stood here since before the Time of Flowers. So how do

we reconcile the persistent legends about the creation of a new

land with evidence that this place has always been?

I submit to you today my own interpretation of the nature

of the EverSakkatien, which differed in many ways from the

rituals of ArseluTelQuess that we practice today. Long before

the Crown Wars that rent the TelQuessir and shattered our

greatest kingdoms, our ancestors conceived of the need for a

place of sanctuarya place wholly of Faern and yet apart

from ita place that would serve as the heart and home of

the TelQuessir. But the creation of this place did not involve

rending the world, as the humans imagine. Instead, our ancestors

created a concentration of the Weave so powerful that a piece

of fair Arvandor became part of Toril, as if it had always

been so. By thus altering the creation of the world, our ancestors

also changed the history of the world as it had unfolded to that

point. Granted, their action might not have altered history all

that significantly, since they had simply created an island in

the middle of an unexplored oceanan island hidden from

sight by the will of the Seldarine. But change history they did,

and the true extent of that change is forever lost to those who

followed them into this world.

We have spoken before of the unintended consequences that

always accompany the practice of ArseluTelQuess, and why we

must guard against hubris in our attempts to remake Toril as we

wish it to be. In this case, I submit that the consequences were

both far-reaching and subtle. By invoking the EverSakkatien to

concentrate the Weave in a single location, our ancestors might

inadvertently have lessened the strength of the Weave elsewhere

in this world, producing consequences that continue to haunt us

today. We know that the Weaves strength is not uniform, and

that this variance apparently produces nodes of power, faerz-

ress, dead magic zones, and wild magic zonesall of which

are curiously absent from our fair shores. Might this situation

not be an unintended consequence of the EverSakkatien? Those

among us who have walked the forests of Faern have noticed

the difference between the Green Isle and the far shores when

attempting  to  employ  the  ArseluTelQuessor  even  simply

enter reverie. Was it always so, or did our ancestors use of the

EverSakkatien produce this effect?

And  so  the  question  remainsby  creating  the  perfect

homeland to which they could retreat, did our ancestors in fact

necessitate such a withdrawal? By concentrating the Weave

on  these  fair  shores,  did  they  deprive  themselves  and  their

descendants of their natural connection to the Weave elsewhere

on Faern? I submit that we must ponder these questions and

consider the possible cost when we seek to erect new defenses

 ELB

for our beloved Evermeet.

n

o

s

t

u

n

K

a

n

a

D

y

b

n

o

i

t

a

r

t

s

u

l

l

I

The Sundering

11

THE CROWN WARS

known as the Tree of Souls [1371]. Over time, the souls of ancient elves who

choose to stay on Toril, rather than pass on to Arvandor, merge into the Tree

of Souls, slowly augmenting its power. Prophecies reveal that the Tree of Souls

will someday be planted on Faern when the Fair Folk finally return to the

mainland after a period of exile on the Green Isle.

17500 DR

The  independent  sylvan  elf  realms  of  Thearnytaar,  Eiellr,  and  Syrpiir

open  discussions  about  unifying  the  elves  of  the  Satyrwwod  (present-day

Thornwood/Chondalwood).

17100 DR to 16800 DR

War of Three Leaves: The unification of the Satyrwood is thwarted by dark

elf Ilythiiri spies and assassins, killing their leaders and framing opposing

heirs, driving the three realms to a multifront war. Ilythiirs influence is not

discovered for centuries.

c. 17000 DR

Elves emigrate from Eillr, Syorpiir, and Thearnytar to the undersea realms

of the Inner Sea for the next seven millennia.

16800 DR

Thearnytaar, Eiellr, and Syrpiir remain separate realms after the War of

Three Leaves ends, though each of the three continues skirmishing among

themselves and with Ilythiir for centuries.

c. 16000 DR

The  first  dwarf  settlements  appear  in  the  great  mountain  range  known

as the Yehimal, which lies at the juncture of the three great continents of

Faern, Kara-Tur, and Zakhara. From there, the earliest dwarves migrated

into all three lands.

c. 15000 DR

The first great kingdom of the dwarves of Faern is centered in the great

cavern of Bhaerynden, deep beneath the Shaar.

15300 DR

The elf Vyshaan clan rises to power in Aryvandaar under Coronal Ivsaar

Vyshann.

14700 DR

Aryvandaars rulers begin attempts to diplomatically and peacefully annex

Miyeritar into their realm and under their control.

c. 14000 DR

Tribal barbarian clans of humans roam Keltormir.

13900 DR

Miyeritar becomes the center of elven Art and High Magic in Faern.

13200 DR

Skirmishing  and  trade  interference  starts  between  Aryvandaar  and

Miyeritar.

c. 12500 DR

The elves of Aryvandaar discover the Hall of Mists beneath the High Forest

and summon an arakhor (an elder form of treant) to guard the site. Over the

millennia, this creature becomes known as Grandfather Tree [2436].

The Crown Wars

12000 DR to 9000 DR

The Crown Wars of the Elves erupted more than a dozen millen-

nia ago, pitting nearly four generations of elf against elf. The two

greatest events of the Crown Wars that still have impact are the

Dark Disaster and the Descent of the Drow. The Dark Disaster

utterly destroyed the forest realm of Miyeritar, leaving the blasted

plains that are now the High Moor. Perhaps due to the savagery of

the Crown Wars or other factors long lost to time, the dark elves

became corrupt during this era, broke away from their kinfolk, and

after much warfare and cruelty they descended beneath the worlds

surface to become the deep elves, also known as the drow.

12000 DR

Rise of the Vyshaantar Empire: After centuries of fruitless diplomacy, the

impatient, grasping rulers of Aryvandaar attack Miyeritar and begin putting

political pressure on Shantel Othreier to join them or suffer the same fate.

The First Crown War begins.

11900 DR

Dwarves settle the Firepeak Mountains.

11800 DR

Miyeritar  is  militarily  occupied  and  annexed  by  Aryvandaar,  though  a

number of clans and strongholds resist and continue to fight. Many elves of

Illefarn, despite its officially neutral stance, provide secret safe havens for

Miyeritari refugees.

11743 DR

Establishment  of  Coryselmal,  the  Coral  City,  capital  of  Aryselmalyr  in

Sers.

11700 DR

Dragons set aflame the southern expanse of Shantel Othreier, separating the

soon-to-be-called Wyrmwood from its greater body. Tethir, kin of Keltormir

(soon to be called the Dragonslayer), single-handedly slays two ancient red

wyrms of the Ridge and saves many elves of his own Keltormir and Shantel

Othreier. Tethirs stand earns the elves the respect of the dragons, which had

previously dismissed them as ignorant, two-footed cattle.

 Human clans settle in the clearings and meadows created by the dragon

fires around Keltormir.

 The Second Crown War: Battle flares up yet again in answer to the aggres-

sions of Aryvandaar. Ilythiir rises up and viciously strikes out at any that

support the gold elves of the north. Its nearest neighbor Orishaar, a major

trade partner with Aryvandaar, falls swiftly in a brutal surprise attack.

11600 DR

The Ilythiiri destroy Syrpiir by fire, separating that region from its allied

neighbors and burning its homes to the ground.

11500 DR

Thearnytaar and Eiellr band together and declare war on Ilythiir, decrying

the Ilythiiris use of fire and wanton destruction far more than the power

plays  of  the  northern  elves.  They  fight  a  holding  action,  preventing  the

Ilythiiri from advancing north.

11450 DR

The Sable Wars: Thearnytaar and Eiellr, with minimal allies from Keltormir

and Shantel Othreier, invade Ilythiir, intent on destroying or reforming the

dark elves before more realms fall. More than half their forces are decimated

by the corrupt magic of the dark elves.

11400 DR

Eiellr falls, as the Ilythiiri once again use fire to destroy an enemy and isolate

it from aid. The Ilythiiri are helped by traitor green elves, who believe their

acts of appeasement actions can help restore peace.

 The continuation of the Crown Wars (and the recent Sable Wars and the

fall of Eiellur) sees a sudden influx of elves entering the Inner Sea, forcing

elves out into the sea and away from the coastal waters. This migration ignites

the first major conflicts with merfolk and sahuagin.

11300 DR

End of the First Crown War: Miyeritar conquered by Aryvandaar.

12

THE CROWN WARS

13

THE CROWN WARS

11200 DR

End of the Second Crown War: Thearnytaar falls to the savage and now

unrepentant dark elves, who use enslaved monsters and undead to occupy the

thorn- and bramble-choked woods. Ilythiir now directly skirmishes with the

major realm of Keltormir along its eastern and southern expanses.

11000 DR

Taark Shanat the Crusader and his eight sons, lead a great exodus of dwarves

out of Bhaerynden to a new kingdom in the west. These emigrants eventually

become known as shield dwarves and establish the great empire of Shanatar

beneath the lands of Amn, Tethyr, Calimshan, and the Lake of Steam.

 With another major migration to the sea after the fall of Thearnytar, the

sea elves expand militarily beyond the Selmal Basin and establish the kingdoms

and regions of Coranthys, Tor Meraliir, Ullythan Reef, and Ryeniir.

11003 DR

Rise of the Aryselmalyr Empire: Coryselmal, the grandest of the sea elf cities

of Selmalyr (an elf kingdom of the Selmal Basin), becomes the capital of the

Aryselmalyr Empire over all the elf kingdoms in the Inner Sea.

 The Aryselmalyr Calendar marks Year 1 in Sers.

c. 11000 DR

The illithid (mind flayer) enclave Oryndoll is settled by refugees from Glyth,

one of the wandering stars that circle the same sun as Toril.

10900 DR

The Third Crown War: Conflict erupts as accords finally fail between Shantel

Othreier and Aryvandaar.

10800 DR

The Cloaker Wars: The followers of Shanat come under attack by the mys-

terious inhabitants of Rringlor Noroth, who rise from the depths of a great

chasm in a battle for control of the caverns of Alatorin. The Stout Folk

eventually prevail after Taark slays four blue dragons who claimed the Rift

of Dhalnadar as their demesne.

 Rise of Shanatar: The Wyrmskull Throne [6150] is created. Taark renames

the wyrms lair Brightaxe Hall and founds the kingdom of Alatorin. Shield

dwarves mark the founding of Alatorin as the beginning of the First Great

Age of Shanatar.

10000: Descent of the Drow

The following fragments are from the damaged kiira (lore gem) of House Aelryth of Miyeritar, which was kept for millen-

nia in the deepest vaults of Blackstaff Tower. It is now in the keeping of Laeral Silverhand-Arunsun of Rhymanthiin, the

Hidden City.

. . . now even the Iyilitar of Illefarn joins us in condemnation

of this latest episode of Vyshaan aggression. We Aelryth will

fight for Miyeritar and suffer no occupation by the sun elves

of  Aryvandaar.  To  this  end,  we  shall  withdraw  to  Raelins

Mount and rally our warriors. . . .

A formidable scion of House Aelryth, he has been tempered in

the heat of battle and is prouder than all others of his dark elf

heritage. He will ensure that our vael taste the blood of many

from Aryvandaar before we find Arvandor. . . .

. . .  Clan  Hune  has  sent  us  unlooked-for  aid.  In  dark  elven

brotherhood,  its  members  have  sent  us  weapons  and  much

intelligence  on  the  doings  of  the  Vyshaan  hahlorkh.  They

urge us not to believe the lies, and to recognize always our

solidarity as blood kin and tyssir. In recognition of these ties,

we  have  sent  three  of  the  most  gifted telegaunts   of  House

Aelryth south to Ilythiir where they will be trained in battle

and learn the keryfaertel of Clan Hune. . . .

. . . Coronal Ynloeth has been slain, and his death deprives us

of a great ally. Our retaliatory assault on Tiru Orindraar was

a dismal failure, and the Vyshaan mathora captured many of

our fighters. I have received word from Taranth that additional

forces will join us before Midsummer. I pray that these war-

riors have learned much in the way of magic and bladecraft

in their time away. . . .

. . . Miyeritar is no more. Clearly the MormhaorSykerylor has

been unleashed by the Vyshaan, despite their feeble attempts

to blame this dark disaster on the SsriTelQ uessir. Our homes

now lie blasted and barren, and our people have been scattered

to the winds. But we shall have our revenge, by the will of

the Seldarine. . . .

. . . the wound does not healyet more evidence of the Vyshaans

evil. Taranth has taken control of our forces with my blessing.

. . . Ilythiir has launched an attack against Aryvandaar. On

dragonback, its warriors sail the winds to free the dark elves

of fallen Miyeritar. Taranth tells me that the accursed sun

elves have used fire to ward off the Ilythiiri assaults, and the

vandora of Shantel Othreier are ablaze. The Vyshaan are in

disarray, and we have attacked the tree-villages of Leurethil,

Morynarth,  and  Caelpiir  to  assist  our  Ilythiiri  brothers.

Taranth has nailed the heads of the sun elf elders to the council

tree in Caelpiir to warn off Vyshaan pursuers. This war has

made us all desperate. . . .

. . . yesterday Urloth of Illefarn came to see me, claiming that

Taranth and House Aelryth had committed worse atrocities

than those of any orc slaugh. I cursed him for the Vyshaan

spy  he  had  undoubtedly  become,  and  Taranth  slew  him  a

breath later for his foul insults. We have no friends now except

the Ilythiiri. The TelQ uessir of Illefarn have betrayed and

abandoned us. . . .

. . . this is madness! Some vile faerfhaor that defies our own

magic has caused our skins to become as black as the souls

of the Vyshaan. The sun burns and blinds us, and we cannot

abide the outdoors. We have taken refuge in a series of caverns

and hope to travel south by means of underground tunnels to

join our Ilythiiri allies. We leave our homeland with sorrow,

knowing that we have been forsaken by the Seldarine . . .

 GK

14

THE CROWN WARS

o

l

l

i

r

r

a

P

o

i

c

u

L

y

b

n

o

i

t

a

r

t

s

u

l

l

I

10750 DR

One gold elf clan and two moon elf clans of Aryvandaar, along with gold

and moon elf clans of other elf realms, flee the Vyshaan and establish the

realm of Ilodhar along the western shores of a mountain-nestled lake (pres-

ent-day Lake Miir).

10700 DR

Battle of the Gods Theatre: The Gods Theater (present-day the Tunlands)

on eastern Shantal Othreier is the site of one of the largest and costliest of

all the Crown Wars battles. Nearly 70,000 elves died at the hands of elf and

orc enemies, as an orc horde 100,000 strong fell upon the already embattled

elves. Aryvandaar won the day, and occupied the northern half of Shantel

Othreier.

10600 DR

End of the Third Crown War: Aryvandaar conquers Shantel Othreier after

the mysterious death of Coronal Ynloeth. Only Ardeep, a vassal realm of

Shantel Othreier, continues to resist the Vyshaan.

10500 DR

The Dark Disaster: Miyeritar is engulfed in killing storms, which reduce this

entire forest and realm into a barren wasteland in three months. Although

no proof could ever be found, many believe the High Mages of Aryvandaar

inflicted the Dark Disaster on Miyeritar. Shock over the Dark Disaster estab-

lishes an uneasy four decades of peace, as nearly every elf of Faern shrinks

back in awe and horror from the havoc wrought by the Crown Wars.

 The eight sons of Taark Shanat set off to found their own kingdoms in the

caverns to the north (beneath modern-day Tethyr and Amn). Because each

son claims a different child of Moradin as a patron deity, each subkingdom

becomes closely linked with the church of a particular god or goddess.

10460 DR

Aryvandaar finally conquers the elf realm of Ardeep. The Vyshaanti slay two

of its rulersIlitharath and his grandson Tarosspurin the hundred years it

takes to bring Ardeep under their control.

10450 DR

The  Fourth  Crown  War:  Ilythiirs  seething

counterattack to avenge Miyeritar sees its open

use  of  the  corrupt  powers  of  Ghaunadar  and

other  dark,  evil  gods  for  the  first  time.  The

Fourth Crown War ends with the cataclysmic

events of 10000.

10400 DR

Dark elves of Clan Sethomiir travel by magic

to the Riildath (present-day Rawlinswood and

Forest of Lethyr) from Ilythiir, guided by the

hand of the balor Wendonai. They construct

an underground fortress named Narathmault

[10000], the Dark Pit, at the site of present-

day Dun-Tharos, recognizing it as a place

of great evil.

10300 DR

The elves of Keltormir, opposed on

both sides by the Vyshaan of Aryvan-

daar and the dark elf Clan Hune of

Ilythiir, strategically withdraw from

eastern Keltormir, holding their lines

at Highlands Edge.

10270 DR

The  Stone  and  Claw  Campaigns:

The  withdrawal  of  Keltormirs

forces  to  close  and  defend  its

own  borders  pits  the  forces  of

Aryvandaar and Ilythiir against

each other. They soon close ranks and fight incessantly for two centuries.

Battles rage across the giant-infested mountains and wemic-claimed plains

north of Keltormir.

c. 10110 DR

Through enslaved dragons and other powers, the dark elves of Ilythiir engulf

all  of  Shantal  Othreier  in  flames,  destroying  over  70  percent  of  its  trees

over  the  course  of  fifty  years.  In  response  to  this  continued  destruction,

over 1,000 priests and High Mages in neutral Illefarn and other free areas

spend decades in fervent prayer for salvation by Corellon Larethian and the

Seldarine gods.

10000 DR

Descent of the Drow: Corellons magic, as directed through his priests and

High  Mages,  transforms  the  dark  elves,  whether  the  corrupt  Ilythiiri  or

others, into the drow. Whether by magic or by the weaknesses that banish

them from the sunlit lands, all drow retreat within two months passing into

the Underdark.

 Elves are summoned by the Seldarine to the site that becomes the Elven

Court one month after the Descent of the Drow, to settle differences and

restore peace among the elves.

 Like their kin elsewhere, the dark elves the dark elves of Narathmault

[10400, 9750] are transformed into drow by the will of the Seldarine, shat-

tering their bindings over a host of fiends who swiftly turn on their former

masters. Led by Undrek of Clan Sethomiir, the drow and their minotaur

servants are forced to flee Narathmault, traveling south and east into the

underground caverns beneath the present-day Plateau of Thay.

9900 DR

Aryvandaars covert persecution of High Mages and priests begins. Although

not destroyed utterly, Illefarn and its colony in the Llewyrrwood (present-day

Neverwinter Wood) are annexed by Aryvandaar. Many elves of both lands

flee to the remnants of Shantel Othreier.

9872 DR

Garrison towers are built in Seros among the Sharksteeth Mountains,

with the help of Vodos the Great Builder. From these bases, aquatic

elves, merfolk, and locathath can more effectively fight increasingly

numerous and bloody sahuagin raids.

9845 DR

Construction begins on the Sharksbane

Wall [8938] (to unite the existing tower

garrisons with a barrier against sahua-

gin incursions, stretching between

the  Akanapeaks  of  northern-

most  Chessenta  and  southwest-

ernmost  Altumbel,  southwest

of  Delthuntle)  by  clergy  of

Deep Sashelas, Trishina, and

Eadro.

9839 DR

Start of the First Sers War:

The  burgeoning  empire  of

elves  allies  with  the  merfolk

against the sahuagin of east-

ern Sers.

9833 DR

End of the First Sers War:

This war destroys the major

sahuagin kingdom in Seko-

lahs  Trench  (the  Trench

of  Lopok  [3309]).  Wars

A lord in exile of House Aelryth is transformed into a drow

15

THE FOUNDING TIME

and skirmishes continue across centuries to slow or stop the building of the

wall.

9800 DR

The Vyshantaar Empires forces occupy all elf realms (except Keltormir) from

the High Forest of Aryvandaar to the sweltering southern forests of Ilythiir.

They begin the colonization and settlement of Evermeet [17600, 1100].

 Yuirwood is settled by small numbers of green elves in the aftermath of

the Crown Wars.

 A large force of Llewyrr elves escapes the oppressive mainland and resettles

in isolation and safety among the mountains of the Moonshae Islands. Their

new land becomes Synnoria, after the elf queen who led the Llewyrr to this

island sanctuary.

9750 DR

The Riildath (present-day Rawlinswood and Forest of Lethyr) is settled by

moon elves and gold elves of Shantel Othreier fleeing the persecution of the

Vyshaan of Aryvandaar, becoming the realm of Lethyr [2465]. The elves

of the Riildath discover the horrors of Narathmault  [10000, 1015] and

resolve to clear the forest of all NTelQ uess (non-elves) so as to safeguard

them from the foul legacies of Ilythiir.

c. 9600 DR

Rise of the first drow civilizations in the Underdark beneath southern Faern

and the founding of the drow cities of Telantiwar and Guallidurth.

9200 DR

The Fifth Crown War: The First Proclamation of the Elven Court leads to

the revolt of the nobles of Aryvandaar, and the last Crown War begins. The

Elven  Court,  the  Seldarine  priesthoods,  and  the  long-hidden  High  Mages

restore pockets of resistance and freedom across the entire Vyshantaar Empire,

fragmenting the armies and nobles to limit their coordination.

The Founding Time

9000 DR to 3000 DR

This era signals the rise of all the humanoid civilizations, in a

time when the many dragons and giants were long overthrown

and the elf wars no longer loomed over everyone as a threat. The

elf realms of Evereska and Evermeet grow by colonization along

with other realms, from the human Unther and Coramshan to

the dwarf realms of High Shanatar and Oghrann.

9000 DR

The Fifth Crown War ends with the utter defeat of the Vyshaan and the dis-

solution of Aryvandaar. Much of the High Forest is abandoned for an age,

leaving the forest open so the gods might restore its peace. Many elves begin

migrating back to the Elven Court in the eastern forests. Keltormir and Ille-

farn emerge intact from the Crown Wars, and the latter realm joins with the

vassal realm of Ardeep now that Shantel Othreir is no more.

 The  drow  of  Telantiwar  overwhelm  the  dwarves  of  Bhaerynden  (pres-

ent-day Great Rift [8800]) and take their rift-city for their own. Surviving

dwarves flee to other regions with one large group traveling to the Chultan

peninsula before splintering into small tribal groupings, eventually becoming

known as the wild dwarves.

 As  part  of  the  great  migration,  one  isolated  branch  of  dwarves  settles

amid the isolated peaks of the Novularond, eventually becoming known as

the arctic dwarves.

 Spawn Wars: Skirmishes break out between the eight subkingdoms of Shana-

tar as each fights to extend its borders at the expense of its neighbors. Over

time, the skirmishes evolve into open warfare, pitting thousands of dwarves

against one another. This series of conflicts is known as the Spawn Wars

because the dwarves make extensive use of deepspawn-bred legions.

8938 DR

The  135-mile-long  Sharksbane  Wall  [9845,  8000]  is  completed  in  Sers,

effectively imprisoning the sahuagin in the southeastern arm of the Inner

Sea (strong armies can overwhelm defending forces and storm over the wall,

but no raiders can slip through casually or unnoticed). Over the nine centu-

ries that follow, sea devils west of the Wall are ruthlessly hunted down and

exterminated.

8900 DR

Tribes of Taangan (Tuigan) humans settle the Endless Waste.

8830 DR

In Sers, the five Tunnels of Iratis are completed by the end of this year.

c. 8800 DR

The Great Caverns of Bhaerynden collapse, creating the Great Rift [9000,

7600].

8800 DR

After an attack by a flight of red dragons on the center of the great elf

forest of Keltormir, the dragon fire sparked a forest fire that raged out

of control. This fire extinguished four entire clans of elves, eleven giant

settlements, at least four green dragons, and thousands of square miles of

woodlands. The once-unified elves of Keltormir splintered into a number

of separate clans.

8600 DR

Evereska is founded in secret by surviving clans of Eiellr, Miyeritar, and

Orishaar as an elf haven in the woods east of Aryvandaar.

8500 DR

Aelinthaldaar, which becomes the capital city of Illefarn, is founded on the

future site of Waterdeep.

 Keltormirs Fall: Due to fire-sundered and otherwise ravaged homelands,

Keltormir  dissolves  into  three  separate  forests:  The  Wyrmwood,  Darthiir

Wood (present-day Forest of Mir), and the Forest of Tethir.

c. 8400 DR

A few sun elves return to found Siluvanede in the northwestern reaches of

the High Forest.

8400 DR

End of the First Rysar of Rystall Wood. Year of Founding for Jhyrennstar.

The coronal is crowned, and the First Rysar of Jhyrennstar starts.

8350 DR to 7975 DR

The Nemrut period of the Imaskar civilization.

8350 DR

Imaskari tribes settle a vast, fertile plain in the area that will later become

the Raurin Desert.

8298 DR

Start of the Second Sers War: The elf empire uses locathah forces to rally the

enemies enslaved locathah against them, as well as merfolk and crabmen.

8282 DR

End of the Second Sers War: This war destroys the Kuo-Toan Consortiums.

All their cavern cities along the Plains of Duna collapse, and their people

are put to the slaughter, rendering the kuo-toans nearly extinct in the Inner

Sea until the present day.

8210 DR

The non-gold elf clans of Ilodhar abandon that realm due to constant harass-

ment by orcs and ogres. Several clans travel north to Rystall Wood, while

others travel east to western Arcorar.

16

THE FOUNDING TIME

9000: Spawn Wars

The following text is a translation of a runestone fragment found in the depths of Brightaxe Hall.

Today I slew my twin brothers seven times and nearly died four

times at the hands of my twins. What kind of war is this that

we replicate ourselves time and again, only to waste our own

lives on axe blades dulled by endless internecine fighting? Which

one of us represents the hopes and dreams of our shared par-

ents? Is it truly death if I am reborn time and again? Am I more

worthy of living or is my twin? Might we not ally ourselves

the Spawnedagainst the Firsts who recline on golden thrones,

stirring themselves only to order us into fratricide? Could we

not reunite our lifeblood in some way other than slowly expir-

ing together on some nameless cavern floor?

Who are our gods? Have the Mordinsamman truly abandoned

us, that they allow brother to slay brother in their name? I

fear the Chi ldren of Moradin are growing weak through self-

inflicted wounds, and soon the spiders wi ll be spinning their

webs in the hollow husks that once housed our souls.

Perhaps we are no longer even dwarves. When a work

of art is copied, and that copy is copied again and again, the

results become gross parodies of the original. I fear that I am

but a pale imitation of the First I once was, willingly ki lling

myself in an absurd parody of narcissism. By the axe I live, and

by the axeI fearI am already dead.

 ELB

s

e

t

n

a

v

r

e

C

s

e

r

r

a

G

l

e

a

f

a

R

y

b

n

o

i

t

a

r

t

s

u

l

l

I

Birth of the Spawned

17

THE FOUNDING TIME

8350: Ancient Imaskar

In  8350  DR,  a  splinter  tribe  of  the  ancient  Durpari

traveled  northeast  to  settle  in  the  fertile  basin  of  the

Raurin  Plateau.  During  the  Nemrut  period  (8350  to

7975),  named  for  the  civilizations  first  warlord,  the

Imaskari lived in tribal communities ruled by chiefs and

the warrior aristocracy. The spread of agriculture during

this time led to a rising population and the founding of

many farming villages on the plateau.

The founding of the Imperial City of Inupras ushered

in  the  Early  Dynastic  period  (7975  to  6422),  when

Umyatin assumed the title of lord artificer and emperor.

This period was marked primarily by the Imaskari elites

mastery of transdimensional magic. The artificers used

this knowledge to create a sprawling network of portals,

which allowed them to cross vast distances in the blink of

an eye. These permanent, two-way portals were constructed

as circles of massive bronze spires, each etched with an

intricate runic design said to be batrachi in origin. These

Bukhara Spires allowed whole legions to pass swiftly from

one domain to the next, precipitating the rapid expansion

of the Imaskar Empire across eastern Faern. By the end

of the Early Dynastic period, the empires borders reached

from the Great Ice Sea to the Golden Water, and from the

Alamber Sea to the Katakoro Plateau in Kara-Tur.

First to fall to the burgeoning empire were the kobold

tribes  of  Zexthandrim,  followed  by  the  korobokuru

dwarves  of  Shan  Nala.  Subsequent  campaigns  brought

about the subjugation of the Taangan steppe peoples and

the annexation of Khati, Durpar, and Ulgarth. Imaskars

first military defeat came in 6788 DR, when its western

outpost  in  Aerilpar  was  besieged  by  forest  landwyrms.

A Raudor peasant rebellion followed in 6779, but the

uprising was quickly put down.

In 6422 DR, rampaging krakentua razed the Imperial

City of Inupras, forcing the Imaskari to abandon their

ancient capital. How the demon spirits entered the city

is unknown, but popular opinion later placed the blame

on the Cult of Demogorgon, since the krakentua first

emerged  from  the  Temple  of  the  Gaping  Maw  in  the

citys center. The anarchy that followed split the empire

into Upper and Lower Imaskar, thereby beginning the

Middle Kingdoms period (6422 to 4370). The natives

of Lower Imaskar founded Solon as their new capital, and

the ruling artificers maintained strict control there. The

center of Upper Imaskars power was the capital city of

Thakos (present-day Saikhoi), which nestled within the

Katakoro Mountains.

In  4370  DR,  a  devastating  plague  wracked  Lower

Imaskar,  beginning  the  period  of  Shartra  (4370  to

3920), which means darkness in the Imaskari tongue.

Ailing citizens flocked to temples throughout the empire,

but their priests could not cure the plague. Even more

mysteriously, a blight killed most of the empires crops,

bringing famine to the few who had survived the plague.

The  impact  of  this  so-called  Silent  Death  was  cata-

strophiceven in the most lightly affected areas, fifteen

to twenty percent of the population died. Impoverished

and isolated, Lower Imaskar survived the following decade

only  because  of  the  weaknesses  and  misfortunes  of  its

enemies.  In  their  bitterness,  its  people  turned  against

their  gods,  and  most  priests  were  slain  or  driven  into

exile. Though the Silent Death did spread north into the

region known today as the Endless Wastes, Upper Imaskar

remained safe and untouched.

With  his  population  devastated  and  desperate  to

rebuild, Lord Artificer Khotan commissioned the build-

ing of two new Bukhara Spires. These twin portals gave

access to another world whose people had no command

of the Art. During the next four centuries, the Imaskari

abducted tens of thousands of humans from this world

and  brought  them  to  Faern  as  slaves.  This  massive

influx of slave labor restored productivity and prosper-

ity to Lower Imaskar. Eventually, the slave population

began  to  intermarry  with  the  Imaskari,  giving  rise  to

the Mulan ethnicity.

The  reunification  of  Lower  and  Upper  Imaskar

under the strong hand of Lord Artificer Omanond, and

the restoration of Inupras as the sole capital, marked

the start of the Late period (3920 to 2488). Under

orders  from  Omanond,  artificers  created  the  Imas-

karcanaseven  great  artifacts  in  which  the  empires

immense  magical  lore  was  recorded  for  all  eternity.

The  elite  mages  of  Imaskarforemost  among  them

the archwizards Madryoch and Hilatheralso rose to

power  during  this  period.  Three  millennia  before  the

Netherese discovered the Plane of Shadow, Madryoch

the Ebon Flame was busily cataloging its dark secrets.

It was there that Madryoch crafted the Shadow Stone

and set in motion his plan to overthrow Omanond and

seize  control  of  Imaskar.  Fortunately  for  the  empire,

the  young  prodigy  Hilather  confronted  Madryoch  in

the frontier fortress of Metos and ultimately trapped

the shadow lord in the Plane of Imprisonment.

The  Imaskar  civilization  came  to  a  violent  end  in

2488 DR. Unbeknownst to the Imaskari, the gods of the

Mulan had finally heard their peoples prayers. Bypassing

the great planar seal, these gods sent powerful avatars

(known  as  manifestations)  of  themselves  through  the

empty void of space to Toril. Upon their arrival on the

peaks of Teyla Shan (the Godswatch Mountains), these

powers quickly descended into the Raurin Plateau, building

an army and fomenting rebellion as they passed. Within

tendays, most of the empires major cities had been sacked.

The final confrontation occurred on the palace steps of

Inupras between Lord Artificer Yuvaraj and the Mulan

god Horus, who emerged victorious.

 BRJ

18

THE FOUNDING TIME

8200 DR

Founding of Uvaeren. Its First Rysar begins with the crowning of its first

coronal.

8170 DR to 8150 DR

The First Spider War: The drow of Guallidurth take advantage of the dwarves

civil war to attack the caverns of Alatorin, which were far removed from

the front lines of fighting. Brightaxe Hall is captured, and the kingdom of

Alatorin falls.

8145 DR to 8137 DR

The Second Spider War: Aghast at their folly, the eight reigning kings of

Shanatar forge an armistice and turn their armies against the drow. The drow

are overcome and retreat from the caverns of Alatorin. In triumph, the eight

kings march their armies back into Brightaxe Hall and pledge never again

to fight one another.

8137 DR

Second Age of Shanatar: The eight shield dwarf tribes of Shanatar are united

under the rule of the king of Ultoksamrin. Within 150 years, trade is under

way with surface elves.

8130 DR

Yrlaancel, the City of Peace, is built within Rystall Wood.

8123 DR

Imaskari artificers create their first permanent extradimensional space. Their

fascination with such magic soon transforms Imaskari city design.

c. 8100 DR

Deep Shanatar [2600] is at its greatest expanse beneath southwestern Faern

(present-day Amn, Tethyr, Erlkazar, Calimshan, and Alimir Peninsula).

8100 DR to 8080 DR

The Mindstalker Wars: The illithids of Oryndoll attack the eastern subking-

doms of Shanatar, beginning a conflict that came to be known as the Mind-

stalker Wars among the dwarves and the War of Cloven Thoughts among the

mind flayers. The illithids are driven back, but in their wake the surviving

Stout Folk discover that the caverns of Barakuir, which had been cut off in

the early days of fighting, lie empty. Clan Duergar had been carried back to

thralldom in the mind flayers realm. After millennia of enslavement and

countless illithid breeding experiments, the descendants of Clan Duergar are

transformed into a new dwarf subrace, the gray dwarves.

8000 DR

Founding  of  the  settlement  of  Semberholme  [619]  as  a  safe  haven  in

times of war and crisis for the females, children, and elders of the elves of

Cormanthyr.

 All sahuagin settlements west of the Sharksbane Wall [8938, 654] in Sers

are destroyed by this time.

7975 DR to 6422 DR

The Early Dynastic period of the Imaskar civilization.

7975 DR

Inupras, the Imperial City of Imaskar, is founded. The first Imaskari emperor,

Umyatin, assumes the title of Lord Artificer. [2488]

7950 DR

Full  trade  exists  between  the  dwarves  of  Deep  Shanatar  and  the  elves  of

Darthiir, Tethir, and the dwindling remnants of Shantel Othreier.

7891 DR

Zexthandrim is conquered by Imaskari forces.

djinni lord quickly seizes all the lands south and west of the Marching Moun-

tains and founds the Calim Empire on the present-day site of Calimport.

7790 DR

The Dragon Wars: A Flight of Dragons destroys the city of Calimport. This

event  initiates  a  century  of  war  pitting  Calim  and  the  genies  against  the

dragons. By its end, every dragon in the Marching Mountains dies at the

hands and magic of the genies. The genies magic rebuilds Calimport within

a year of its initial destruction.

7717 DR

The reigning ataman of the Great Dismal Delve (a dao lord) establishes a portal

between his holdings on the Elemental Plane of Earth and a cavern complex

beneath what is now the occupied town of Kzelter [1370] in Tethyr.

c. 7700 DR

Rise of the Marid States: Rogue marids from the Calim Empire enter Selmalyr

(undersea Vilhon Reach), sparking war with the sea elves. Within a year, the

marids and their jann spread into Sers, allying and sharing their power with

the other aquatic races. Because these new Marid States are located in deep

water beneath the Hmur Plateau, their residents face no direct retribution

from the elves for their expansionist activities.

7700 DR

Start of the Second Rysar of Uvaeren.

7690 DR

Calim negotiates the borders of his empire with the elves and dwarves and

finally claims the lands south of the River Agis and east to the western slopes

of the present-day Alimir Mountains. Calim continues warring with the giants

and dragons of the Marching Mountains.

c. 7600 DR

The drow empire of Telantiwar falls with the collapse of the great cavern

of Bhaerynden. Drow refugees claim lesser caverns to the north, south, east

and west of the newly formed Great Rift, establishing cities such as Llurth

Dreier, the City of Ooze.

 The dwarves return to their ancestral home, now the Great Rift [8800,

6000], and establish the Deep Realm. In the millennia that follow, the Stout

Folk of the Deep Realm become known as the gold dwarves.

7600 DR

Founding of Sharrven in the southern reaches of the High Forest, due to

overcrowding in Evereska and elitism of Siluvanedenn elves.

 The Second Rysar of Jhyrennstar begins under the Coronal Hoccar.

7500 DR

The Second Rysar of Rystall Wood gives way to the Third Rysar.

7403 DR

Zexthandrim rebels against Imaskari rule and is destroyed.

7400 DR

The elf realm of Ilodhar falls under an orc horde.

 The Third Rysar of Uvaeren begins after the sudden death of the coronal

while hunting. The new coronal is more militarily disposed and begins pro-

actively attacking orcs and giants in the mountains.

7130 DR

Rise of the Dukars: This quasi-mystical order of monastic and military wiz-

ards arises from the efforts of its four founders in the small town of Nantar

on the Lower Hmur Plateau. The orders are composed of only lorekeepers

at this time. [6946]

7800 DR

The Great Arrival: The noble djinni lord Calim arrives in Faern followed by

the Djen, an entourage of genies and their human and halfling slaves. The

7100 DR

The Imaskari Empire subjugates Taangan tribes and demands semiannual

tribute.

19

THE FOUNDING TIME

8170: The First Spider War

The following passage is an excerpt from a verbal report to a drow matron mother.

Matron, I was the first to enter the dwarven halls, along with

my goln scout slaves. These short, smelly humanoids were actually

much like the stone-eared dwarves and proved as expendable as

most men. By the grace of the Quarvalsharess, Lolth, we stole

into the outer fortifications of Alatorin, sneaking our way past

the dwarven defenders. We had cleared the first ring of the

defenses and saw fewer than fifty of the dwarves at the Oloth

Entrancean easy target for our drow sargtlins.

What we had not counted on matron, for which the goln

paid with their lives, were the gricks. Several of them, trained

by the dwarves (and mayhap something we should invest time into

ourselves), slithered out of the walls as we snuck by. They

slew my goln scouts in a breath. Fortunately, the blessings of

the Quarvalsharess were with me. I was able to slay the beasts

and continue onward to within sight of the citys adamantine gates

and the meeting with our agent.

At any rate, Matron, I am sure you know that the northern

kingdoms have fallen to warring among themselves following Taark

Shanats death. I have also learned that many

of Alatorins own warriors have left to

take up arms with one of the warring

princelings, leaving Taarks

kingdom virtually unguarded.

Now impoverished and weak,

the city is ripe for invasion by

our forces. Its vaunted halls

will crumble and serve as

dung heaps in which our

goln slaves can grow

the lilol fungi for

our wine. . . .

 TC

I

l

l

u

s

t

r

a

t

i

o

n

b

y

D

a

a

r

k

e

n

A drow scout battles

grick defenders of Alatorin

20

THE FOUNDING TIME

6950 DR

Star  elves  begin  to  gather  in  the  Yuirwood,  leaving  the  other  elf  nations

behind.

6200 DR

The Fourth Rysar of Rystall Wood gives way to the Fifth Rysar under Coronal

Esyae, daughter of Naevys.

6946 DR

Formation of the Mervae Alliance as the Dukars [7130] become peacekeep-

ers across Sers in alliance with Aryselmalyr. Unlike other forces, they are

not required to make oaths of fealty to this sea elf empire.

6150 DR to 6120 DR

The Third Spider War: The drow of Guallidurth once again attack the caverns

of Alatorin. The Stout Folk are forced to abandon Brightaxe Hall, but they

manage to take the Wyrmskull Throne [10800, 1360] with them.

6900 DR

Coronal Kiyuigh dies on his one hundredth foray into the mountains. The

Fourth Rysar of Uvaeren starts with the new coronal, the blind Great Scholar

Eltaor [6300], who restores Uvaerens reputation as a learned realm.

6800 DR

The Third Rysar ends in Rystall Wood, and the Fourth Rysar starts at the

crowning  of  Naevys  Caersaelk,  the  first  female  coronal  of  the  realms  of

Arcorar.

 An efreeti named Memnon arrives in Faern ahead of the Army of Fire

and founds the country of Memnonnar north of the River Agis.

6788 DR

Imaskar suffers its first military defeat when its western outpost in Aerilpar

is besieged by forest landwyrms.

6681 DR

The four academy cities of the Dukars [6946] are all completed this year.

6779 DR

Peasant uprising in the Imaskari city of Raudor.

6676 DR

The Golden Era of Aryselmalyr Begins: With the end of koalinth border

wars against the elf cities of the Hmur Plateau and the Selmal Basin, and a

peace accord with the Marid States (as some jann join the Dukar orders), this

marks the beginning of 5,000 years of general peace in Sers.

6600 DR

Yuireshanyaar is founded by star elves and green elves.

6500 DR to 6100 DR

Era of Skyfire: Memnon and Calim bring their forces to bear against each

other in twenty-two cataclysmic battles over the next four centuries. The High

Magic of the elves forcibly disembodies Calim and Memnon and binds their

elemental essences to the sky and earth, respectively. The ongoing struggles

of the two noble genies create the Calim Desert.

6100 DR

End of the Marid States: The deep-water Marid States mysteriously vanish

or fall prey to kraken attacks. Many marids and jann also vanish or die over

the course of sixteen years, though the bulk of the disappearances occur this

year. This ends the major challenge to Aryslemalyrs control of Sers, though

the Dukars temper their rule.

6095 DR

Dwarf scouts from Shanatar are sent up to the surface, where they ally with

Calishite humans against the remaining genies.

6060 DR

Humans and dwarves oust the last genies of Calims realm. Calimport and

Keltar are rebuilt, and the surrounding lands become the human nation of

Coramshan. The alliance between the humans and dwarves quickly found-

ers, however, because the rulers of Coramshan soon turn to the worship of

evil gods.

 Fall of Calims Rule: Lands east of the Calim Desert and south of the

Marching  Mountains  become  the  human  nation  of  Coramshan  after  the

humans  win  a  rebellion  (with  the  aid  of  the  dwarves)  against  surviving

minor genies.

c. 6000 DR

Elves from Evereska stumble across the tomb of Hssthak, a sarrukh mummy.

Recognizing the threat it posed, a half-dozen elves volunteer to become mum-

mies so that they can guard the tomb for all eternity.

 Humans return from the Lluirwood Forest, which stretches from the River

Ammath in the west to the River Gundar in the east, and from the Toadsquat

Mountains all the way to the shore of the Luirenstrand. They report three

distinct tribes of hin living in that region.

 Human nomads start to roam the Shaar in numbers. Trade with the gold

dwarves of the Great Rift [7600, 1250] begins.

6000 DR

The Fourth Rysar of Jhyrennstar starts here.

 Almraiven is founded in eastern Coramshan.

6500 DR

Coronal Hoccar dies, ending the Second Rysar of Jhyrennstar. The Third

Rysar begins with his niece, Coronal Haalija.

 The Ataman of Imir and his dao followers are forced to abandon their

cavern holdings in the face of repeated assaults from the dwarves of Shanatar.

This region becomes known as the Dao Delvings.

 Elf refugees from Syrpiir found Nikerymath in the Chondalwood, begin-

ning with the city of Rucien Xan.

5980 DR

Manshaka is founded along the coast of Coramshan.

6422 DR to 4370 DR

The Middle Kingdoms Period of the Imaskar civilization.

6422 DR

The Imaskari city of Solon [1360] is founded in the Raurin Desert.

6400 DR

The elves meet the dwarves of Sarphil on the battlefields of the Vast and

forge a tenuous alliance since the elves save the dwarves from death at the

orcs hands.

6300 DR

Coronal Eltaor [6900] dies. The Fifth Rysar of Uvaeren sees the election of

the young, vibrant Coronal Intevar.

5960 DR

Third Age of Shanatar: The dwarves of Shanatar claim the surface lands

north of the Marching Mountains as their own, establishing the kingdom

of High Shanatar.

5800 DR

The  nation  of  Jhaamdath  is  born  when  human  settlements  north  of  the

Chondalwood unit under the Dath Dynasty and its greatest psionic warrior,

Jhaam. Jhaamdath eventually meets Coramshan near the Lake of Steam, and

the two empires struggle for centuries over control of this area.

5750 DR

Jhaamdaths psionic leaders found Naarkolyth, the First City of the Sword.

21

THE FOUNDING TIME

22

THE FOUNDING TIME

5730 DR

Through the great psion mystic Laszik Silvermind, the deity Auppenser deliv-

ers to the people of Jhaamdath a plan for the empires growth and prosperity.

Jhaamdath quickly enacts Auppensers first divine precept, outlawing slavery

throughout the land.

5725 DR

Laszik crafts the first udoxias, a powerful psionic artifact. Psionic beings in

mental contact with the udoxias are granted access to one of many powers

contained within. The range of the udoxias extends for miles beyond Naar-

kolyth, and many citizens throughout the region flock to the city to acquire

this mysterious mind-magic.

5710 DR

Psionic learning blooms in Naarkolyth. Laszik founds the Udoclian, a uni-

versity promoting the Invisible Art.

5700 DR

Tales of Intevars Librarium [5660] in Uvaeren spread throughout all elf

lands, since this site allegedly contains the collective knowledge of the elves.

 Jhaamdath abandons its oligarchy and adopts a psiocratic government.

5690 DR

An  aged  Laszik  Silvermind  mysteriously  vanishes  and  is  believed  to  have

ascended whole to serve at Auppensers side.

5660 DR

Intevars Librarium [5700] and some strongholds in Uvaeren are attacked by

greedy elf wizards seeking knowledge of High Magic, to no avail. However,

Intevar dies of a poisoned wound, ending the Fifth Rysar. The newest coronal

of the Sixth Rysar is his apprentice and young wife, the Lady Mnuvae.

c. 5600 DR

Height of High Shanatars civilization.

5600 DR

Porrenath is founded, becoming the Second City of the Sword.

5590 DR

Esyae  dies  in  a  High  Magic  ritual  gone  wrong,  and  her  younger  brother

Mhaenal becomes the sixth coronal of Rystall Wood.

5500 DR

Jhouram the Port City becomes the Third City of the Sword. The first Jhaam-

dathan navy is commissioned by the ruling psiocracy.

5425 DR

Gharrent and Golmuth are founded as the Fourth and Fifth Cities of the

Sword.

c. 5400 DR

Ambrils Bane: Dwarves kill human tomb robbers on the slopes of Mount

Kellarak, including the heir to the throne of Coramshan. This incident pre-

cipitates three millennia of war with the humans of Coramshan.

5360 DR to 5350 DR

Giant Wars: More than five thousand giants of Nedeheim fall to the dwarves

of High Shanatar under the leadership of Karlyn of House Kuldever. By the

wars conclusion, more than half of the entire giant population south of the

Cloud Peaks is exterminated, and the giant realm of Nedeheim is reduced to

scattered clanholds.

5330 DR

The Murabir (warlord-ruler) of Coramshan seizes much of southern High

Shanatar (including Iltakar, home to the modern-day ruins of Shoonach),

while dwarf armies fight the Giant Wars to the north.

 The war between Coramshan and High Shanatar is used by the psiocracy

to  justify  the  founding  of  Lirremar  (present-day  Hlondeth),  Jhaamdaths

Sixth City of the Sword.

c. 5300 DR

The  elves  of  Siluvanede  erect  a  mythal  in  the  city  of  Adofhaeranede  and

rename it Myth Adofhaer. [4300]

5300 DR

First Age of Calimshan: First Kingdom of Mir is founded in lands west of

the Darthiir Woods and south of the Wurlur (present-day River Ith). Mir and

Coramshan aggressively expand eastward and share the conquered territories

for the next three hundred years.

5250 DR

The twin cities of Tuoxent and Hollinth become Jhaamdaths Seventh and

Eighth Cities of the Sword.

c. 5200 DR

A monument to Karlyn of House Kuldever of High Shanatar is completed

after decades of construction. This monument is later known as the Wail-

ing Dwarf.

5125 DR

The dwarf realm of Oghrann [3770] is established beneath the Plains of

Tun.

5112 DR to 4835 DR

The Webfire Wars: This conflict rages throughout Llurth Dreier, pitting the

faithful of the Spider Queen (Lolth) against the followers of That Which

Lurks (Ghaunadaur).

5032 DR

MirJhaamdath War: The armies of Mir and Jhaamdath clash for the first

time north of the small fishing town of Ankport, and Mir is dealt a crush-

ing blow. For the next twenty-five years, Jhaamdath pursues and pushes the

army of Mir back all the way to Saradush.

5007 DR

The two kingdoms of Coramshan and Mir are united under the rulership of

Ukhar IV in response to the threat from Jhaamdath.

5006 DR

Coramshan  successfully  counterattacks,  pushing  Jhaamdath  back  to

Saelmur.

5005 DR

Coramshan and Jhaamdath declare a truce, and both nations abandon their

claims to the Lake of Steam.

 Coramshan and Mir unite under Bakkal and Murabir Ukhar IV to form

the Calimshan Empire, which claims all lands south of the Wurlur (present-

day River Ith) and west of the Iltkazar Mountains.

c. 5000 DR

The colony of Ankhapur is founded by settlers from Jhaamdath.

5000 DR

Survivors of House Dlardrageth [4800], a clan of demon-blooded sun elves,

flee from Arcorar to Siluvanede.

 Rystall Wood becomes a separate forest and realm after the Twelve Nights

of Fire clear away the mountain and hill trees that attached it to Arcorar.

Although an independent forest now, its coronal still convenes often with the

leaders of the Elven Court.

 The  Twelve  Nights  of  Fire  (Midsummer):  Uvaeren  is  destroyed  by  a

falling  star  whose  impact  opens  a  hundred-mile-long  and  thirty-mile-wide

clearing in Cormanthors treeline. The coronal and nearly all of Uvaerens

noble houses die instantly or during the conflagration. Few Uvaeranni escape

23

THE FOUNDING TIME

24

THE FOUNDING TIME

5800: Psiocracy of Jhaamdath

In the sixth millennium before Dalereckoning, a tribe of

human warriors carved out a small realm in the verdant

fields between the forest of Nikerymath and the shores of

the Inner Sea. Led by the warrior-king Jhaam, this tiny

kingdom soon mounted a series of minor wars against the

neighboring villages. These conflicts were not overt acts

of imperialismthey were simply intended to secure the

fledgling realm from attack. Though Jhaam fell before his

plan was complete, his successors established the great city

of  Naarkolyth  as  capital  of  Jhaamdaththe  realm  now

named in his honor.

In Naarkolyths second decade, a new kind of innate mind

magic began to spread among the citizenry, touching peasant

and noble alike. The psions, as those who wielded this new

Invisible Art came to be known, were said to be favored of

Auppenser, their god. Senior among the psions was the great

mystic Laszik Silvermind, who crafted a powerful psionic

artifact known as the udoxias. Anchored at the center of

Naarkolyth, the udoxias granted everyone within a certain

range of it access to a discipline of the Invisible Art. Seeing

the  wonders  already  bestowed  upon  Auppensers  faithful,

many citizens of the realm began to flock to the city to

acquire this mysterious mind magic.

By the close of its second decade, Jhaamdath had stretched

a  considerable  distance  along  the  southern  shore  of  the

mighty Vilhon River, and it maintained outposts from the

Dragon Coast to the Akanal. In contrast to its neighbor Mir,

Jhaamdath was a highly centralized state whose leaders kept

tight control of its provinces. Jhaamdaths society was rigidly

organized into a caste system of psiarchs, soldiers, scribes,

and commoners, and worship of Auppenser was established

as the state religion.

At  the  dawn  of  its  second  century,  Jhaamdath  under-

went a cultural transformation. The governing oligarchy

was supplanted by a psiocracya ruling body of powerful

psions and psychic warriors known as bladelords. The vast

majority of Jhaamdathans were peasant farmers whose needs

for  goods  and  services  were  met  by  local  producers,  but

considerable long-distance trade took place in both luxury

goods and basic commodities such as metals, pottery, and

foodstuffs.  Although  trade  was  essential  to  the  empires

survival, its commercial classes remained small, and their

members enjoyed neither the wealth nor the status of the

ruling bladelords.

In 5032 DR, war broke out between Jhaamdath and Mir.

Jhaamdath dealt Mirs army a crushing blow in the opening

engagement of the conflict, then pressed a counterattack for

the next twenty-five years, driving the Mir army all the way

back to Saradush. In 5005 DR, Jhaamdath and Mir (now

united under the banner of Coramshan) declared a truce.

Both nations soon abandoned their claims to the Lake of

Steam and withdrew their colonies from that region.

Boxed in by burgeoning Coramshan to the south and west,

Jhaamdaths leaders began a push for expansion in the east.

There the Jhaamdathans encountered the Turamitribal

hunter-gatherers indigenous to the foothills of the Akanal.

Since  the  teachings  of  Auppenser  forbade  the  taking  of

slaves, the Jhaamdathans simply subsumed the Turami into

their society as an underclass of laborers and field hands.

In the millennia that followed, Jhaamdaths inhabitants

became increasingly xenophobic and aggressive, and their

nation sank into stagnation. This period also was marked

by sporadic conflicts with neighboring realms. The Jhaam-

dathans initially held little regard for the wemics to the

south, but they learned to respect these creatures and their

hunting grounds in 3218 DR, when the wemics routed

a major Jhaamdathan army as soon as it had crossed into

the Golden Plains.

Following the fall of Imaskar in 2488 DR, the Mulan

forcefully displaced the Turami from their ancestral lands.

Led  by  the  powerful  God-King  Enlil,  these  conquering

warriors  from  the  east  established  the  mighty  nation  of

Unther on Jhaamdaths eastern frontier. For centuries, a

fragile peace with Unther was maintained at great cost to

the citizens of Jhaamdath. The eastern half of the empire,

altogether poorer and less populated than the west, was taxed

at a high rate to pay for the armies needed to defend the

frontier against the well-organized forces of Unther.

In  1504  DR,  the  armies  of  Unther  at  last  pushed

through the Akana frontier. Led by the hero Hlath, the

Jhaamdathan  defenders  attempted  to  halt  the  Untheric

invasion at Inixrien but were defeated after gallant resis-

tance. By 1499 DR, eastern Jhaamdath was entirely under

Unthers control. The wealthy western half of the empire

survived more or less unscathed, and its armies counterat-

tacked in 1069 DR, driving the Mulan out of Jhaamdath

and restoring bladelord rule.

In 276 DR, the great metamind Dharien seized control

of Jhaamdath in a bloody coup and declared himself tyrant.

To facilitate Jhaamdaths conquest of the Inner Sea and its

surrounding  lands,  Emperor  Dharien  commissioned  the

building of a great armada. Jhaamdath had no tradition of

naval warfare, but its warriors learned quickly, and soon the

newly built fleet had won its first victory by sinking the

bulk of Westgates navy at Prespur. The empires success at

sea fueled still more shipbuilding, and the increasing demand

for lumber sent even more loggers into Nikerymath. When

the elves resisted, Jhaamdath sent armies into the woods to

hunt down and slaughter them.

Seeking vengeance for this atrocity, four High Mages

of  Nikerymath  unleashed  a  gargantuan  tidal  wave  that

roared up Jhaamdath Bay in 255 DR. The wall of water

smashed into the Twelve Cities of the Sword, reshaping the

topography into the area known today as the Vilhon Reach.

(See the illustration on page 52.)

 BRJ

25

THE FOUNDING TIME

to the safety of deeper Arcorar, aside from those few dozen away from the

realm during this disaster.

 Human  tribesfolk  of  Raumviran  stock,  led  by  their  chieftain  Shemen

[4963], arrive from lands to the east and settle the Lakelands (present-day

Rashemen).

4974 DR

The coastal dwarf realm of Haunghdannar [3389] is established along the

northern Sword Coast.

4973 DR

The drow city of Sshamath, City of Dark Weavings, is founded deep beneath

the Dark Hills.

4970 DR

Death of Coronal Mhaenal by monsters summoned into his bedchambers;

the Sixth Rysar of Rystall Wood ends, and the ensuing murder investigation

lasts for ninety years.

4963 DR

The death of Shemen [5000] sees the Lakelands come to be called Rashemen,

or lands of Shemen in the tongue of his followers, who call themselves the

Rashemi in his memory.

4900 DR

The  Fifth  Rysar  of  Jhyrennstar  convenes  under  the  warrior  Coronal

Khilseith.

4880 DR

Three nobles are identified as the plotters who slew the aged Mhaenal; the

actual caster of the monster summons is executed, the others banished from

Rystall Wood and Arcorar. The Seventh Rysar of Rystall Wood finally begins

with the rise of Coronal Injros.

4850 DR

Jhirrent is founded, becoming the Ninth City of the Sword.

4819 DR

Gharraghaur [3611] is founded by the dwarf royal house Helm near pres-

ent-day Mirabar [626].

4800 DR

The Dlardrageths [5000, 4500] subvert several powerful Siluvanedenn sun

elf houses and, by encouraging demonelf crossbreeding, create the feyri.

The feyri houses conceal their secret heritage and come to wield great power

in Siluvanede.

c. 4770 DR

The Plague of Terror and the Sunset Plague devastate the city of Calimport,

decimating the ruling Marekh family and leaving the city abandoned and

empty for nearly a century.

c. 4700 DR

Nobles of Sharrven who seek to restrict the ambitious Siluvanedenn found

the kingdom of Eaerlann among the ruins of Aryvandaar.

4620 DR

Inixrien is founded, becoming the Tenth City of the Sword.

c. 4600 DR

The stone fortress of Sonnmorndin is built as a naval base by the Sailors of

the Mountainous Waves, the marines of Haunghdannar, on the island of

Arauwurbarak (present-day Ruathym [3100]).

4550 DR

The elf tree city of Teuveamanthaar is founded on the present-day site of

Talltrees and named the capital of Eaerlann.

c. 4500 DR to 4300 DR

Seven Citadels War: These skirmishes between the elite forces of Siluvanede

and the fledgling forces of Eaerlann are sometimes collectively referred to

as the Sixth Crown War.

4500 DR

High Mages from Arcorar track House Dlardrageth [4800, 1369] to a secret

lair beneath Ascals Horn [372]. With the aid of Eaerlanni forces, they slay

several of the Dlardrageths. Other Siluvanedenn houses under Dlardrageth

influence retaliate, beginning the Seven Citadels War. Sarya Dlardrageth and

her sons are captured, but the feyri-led Siluvanedenn fight on.

4470 DR

Corrant is founded, becoming the Eleventh City of the Sword.

4440 DR

Eaerlann presses Siluvanede. The Siluvanedenn open several of Aryvandaars

ancient citadels and equip their warriors with Vyshaantar weapons. This tactic

draws Sharrven into the war.

4420 DR

Besilmer, a rare surface realm of dwarves who emulate High Shanatar, is

founded. [4160]

4400 DR

The Dark Court Slaughter: Drow and duergar attack and destroy the Elven

Court and Sarphil beginning on Midwinter Night. Within days, the Elven

Court is in ruins and Sarphil is occupied by the drow and duergar. The Dark

Court Slaughter claims the lives of many clan leaders of the Elven Court

and the coronals of both Rystall Wood and Jhyrennstar.

 The archer-guard Shevarash, in an anger-tinged prayer to Corellon, vows

to become the Seldarines hand against the drow to extract revenge for the

loss of his family. The Black Archer never smiled again, as he sought to kill

Lolth and all her followers.

 Start of the Eighth Rysar of Rystall Wood and the Sixth Rysar of Jhy-

rennstar with the ascension of the wizardess Enajharas and the prophet of

Labelas Oacenth respectively. The call to arms against their now-revealed

enemy, the drow, is ordered.

4370 DR

A suspicious plague decimates Imaskari cities.

4370 DR to 3920 DR

The period of Shartra, or darkness, in the Imaskar civilization.

4366 DR

Imaskari artificers open twin gates to another world and magically abduct

thousands of humans to serve as slaves. The artificers then erect a planar

barrier to prevent contact between the slaves and their deities. Over time, the

slaves intermarry with the Imaskari, and their descendants become a race in

their own right that is later called the Mulan.

c. 4300 DR

The Seven Citadels War ends, and Eaerlann forcibly annexes Siluvanede. Upon

discovering the deceit of the feyri, untainted Siluvanedenn High Mages place

the city of Myth Adofhaer [5300] in magical stasis, effectively fleeing to the

far future to escape association with the feyri houses. Most of the surviving

feyri warriors are imprisoned in Nar Kerymhoarth, the Nameless Dungeon

[1356],  but  some  avoid  capture  and  eventually  spawn  long-lived  houses  of

demon-tainted elves that successfully conceal their nature.

 Founding of the realm of Thaeravel, the Land of Alabaster Towers, with

its capital at Rasilith (in the present-day desert of Anauroch).

4230 DR

Mirrindith the Last becomes the Twelfth City of the Sword.

26

THE FOUNDING TIME

4200 DR

The impressionable Coronal Enajharas isolates Rystall Wood from all dealings

with Arcorar, because her nobles claim that conspiracies against them whirl

among the elves of Jhyrennstar.

c. 4160 DR

The shield dwarf realm of Ammarindar is established beneath the Graypeak

Mountains.

4160 DR

Fall of the dwarf realm of Besilmer [4420] to attacks by humanoids and

giants.

4070 DR

Shevarash  the  Black  Archer  dies  but  undergoes  apotheosis  to  become  the

Night Hunter and Arrow Bringer. This green elf demigod of the Seldarine

is still a hunter and vengeful destroyer of drow, but now hunts Lolth and

Vhaeraun directly (though he no longer considers Eilistraee and her worship-

ers to be among his prey).

c. 4000 DR

The duergar rebel against their illithid masters and eventually free themselves

of the mind flayers dominion. These newly liberated gray dwarves carve out

their own holdings in the northern Underdark, beneath the Orsraun Moun-

tains, and in isolated caverns deep beneath the Great Glacier.

4000 DR

The Coronal Oacenth of Jhyrennstar falls ill, leading to the forging of the

three elfblades and the Ruling Trials. Coronal Kahvoerm Irithyl becomes

the ruler of Semberholme, Jhyrennstar, and Elven Court, all of which are

now Cormanthyr.

3983 DR

The city of Cormanthor, now Myth Drannor, is founded with the Summon-

ing of the Rule Tower.

3920 DR to 2488 DR

The Late period of the Imaskar civilization.

3917 DR

The drow city of Menzoberranzan [3864] is founded by Menzoberra the

Kinless.

c. 3900 DR

The dwarf realm of Delzoun, known as the Northkingdom, is established

beneath what is now known as the Silver Marches.

3891 DR

Under orders from Lord Artificer Omanond, Imaskari artificers create the

Imaskarcanaseven items in which the empires immense magical lore is

recorded for all eternity.

3869 DR

The charismatic 20-year-old priest Nether the Elder rises to rule the fishing

village of Gers in the north of Faern.

3864 DR

A terrible battle between House Nasadra and House Ssril leads to the exile of

the former (which later founded the city of Ched Nasad [3843]) and the rise

of House Baenre as the First House of Menzoberranzan [3917, 1297].

3859 DR to 3534 DR

The First Age of the Netheril civilization.

3859 DR

Citizens of the Narrow Sea fishing villages of Fenwick, Gers, Gilan, Gustaf,

Moran,  Nauseef,  and  Janick  combine  for  mutual  protection,  forming  the

Alliance  of  Seventon.  The  Netheril  Year  (NY)  calendar  is  created  to  cel-

ebrate the union.

3856 DR

The shaman king Nether demands more and more tribute from the united

villages and renames the kingdom Netheril, which meant Nethers Land.

3848 DR

Alandril Nether, also known as Nether the Younger, is born.

3847 DR

The Abbey of the Moon [3326], a temple to Selne, is established in Netheril.

It served as a retreat as well as a place of learning for hundreds of years.

3845 DR

The Eaerlanni elves begin discreetly observing Netheril.

c. 3843 DR

The drow city of Ched Nasad [3864, 689] is founded, beginning centuries of

strife between the drow and the dwarves of Ammarindar.

3830 DR

The Eaerlanni elves initiate a formal dialogue with humans of Netheril and

begin instructing promising Netherese students in the Art. Netherils first

arcanist is Therion of Gers.

3827 DR

Nether the Elder is assassinated, and Nether the Younger takes control. The

Netherese chose a form of government based loosely on democracy.

3778 DR

Hobgoblins settle around the deep gorge at the confluence of the Wurlur

(present day Gorge of the Fallen Idol and River Ith).

3772 DR

Death of Nether the Younger.

3770 DR

The dwarf realm of Oghrann [5125] falls. Beset on all sides by enemiesliz-

ardfolk, nomadic human tribes, wemics, and the usual bugbears, trolls, and

goblinkin racesthe realm was swept away by disease and war even before

the dwarves more northerly kingdoms fell.

3717 DR

Gray dwarves found Gracklstugh, City of Blades. The first city of its kind in

the North, its holdings grow without rival throughout the upper and middle

Underdark.

3655 DR

Orcs pour forth from the Spine of the World, but the elves of Illefarn and

Eaerlann turn them back with help from the fledgling Netherese Empire and

the Rengarth barbarians. The tribal lands of the Rengarth are absorbed into

Netheril, although the barbarians remain largely autonomous.

3654 DR

A sarrukh lich of tremendous power disguises himself as a human archwizard

and appears to the Netherese who have begun to learn magic from the Earlanni

elves. Although he calls himself Arthindol, the Netherese dub him Terraseer

for his power to see events all over the world. The Terraseer [2375] teaches

secrets of the Art to humans and reappears to help them over the coming

centuries, never seeming to age. Among his achievements are translations

from many of the nether scrolls, the exploration of the Sword Coast North,

the occupation of Old Owl Well, and the warning of impending doom at the

hands of Karsus [696] among his many other prophecies and teachings.

3649 DR

The Netherese begin to enslave the rock gnomes living in the hills nearby.

3611 DR

Gharraghaur [4819] becomes the first of the great dwarf kingdoms to fall

to orc attacks. Its people are too busy mining to arm themselves in numbers

enough to withstand the orcs before it is too late.

27

THE FOUNDING TIME

3605 DR

Orcs pour from the Spine of the World but elves turn them back in a great

slaughter with help from fledgling Netheril. This orc incursion lasts nine-

teen years.

3552 DR

The Netherese found Runlatha, a port on the Narrow Sea.

3533 DR to 3316 DR

The Nether Age of the Netheril civilization.

3533 DR

The Nether Scrolls [30000, 3095] are discovered amid the ruins of Aryvan-

daar. The Netherese abandon the magic they learned from the Eaerlanni in

favor of the scrolls greater power.

c. 3520 DR

The elves of the North begin helping gnome slaves escape from their Neth-

erese captors and move south and east across Faern.

c. 3500 DR to 3000 DR

For  reasons  unknown,  the  couatl  population  declines  precipitously  in  the

Chultan Peninsula.

3495 DR

Birth of Congenio Ioun, Netherese creator of the ioun stone.

3458 DR

The Netherese discover the shield dwarves of Delzoun.

3419 DR to 3416 DR

The Netherese approach the dwarves of Delzoun at Ascore to conduct trade.

After three years of deliberation, a trade route known as the Lowroad run-

3649: Netherese Enslavement of the Gnomes

The following passages are entries from the diary of a gnome child.

I

l

l

u

s

t

r

a

t

i

o

n

b

y

S

a

m

W

o

o

d

Tarsakh 15: Im tired of living like a mole in a musty burrow. It doesnt matter anywayour

Tarsakh 15:

deepwardens are dead, and weve no place to go.

The Talls came again. They killed Burrower Greatorm with crackling light while she tried

to protect us with her pickaxe. They took Aunt and Uncle just by waving

their hands. Papa says we must pray hard to Garl, and I have, but it

hasnt worked. The Talls keep coming back and taking people away.

I think Garl is mad at me, but Papa says that cannot be. Well,

sabruin Garl!

Tarsakh 18:

Tarsakh 18: We have been running through the Deeptunnels for

days. I am sorry I cursed Garl, but I dont know what else to do.

My coming of age was supposed to be next year, but it will probably

never happen now.

Tarsakh 21:

Tarsakh 21: Today, I saw Aunt and Uncle and some others that

had been taken, but they didnt look much like themselves.

Their skin had grown warts and turned sallow, their hair

had turned red, and their arms had become long and

gangly. Aunt cackled when she saw me and grew to the

size of gianteven bigger than the Talls. Uncle created

fires out of thin air, and they trapped people! He said

the Crawler Below had inspired the Talls to make

him brand new. Papa and I ran, but I think we were

the only ones who escaped. Papa is hurt, Garl, and

I am alone. You have to help.

A spriggan warped by Netherese slavers

prepares to stalk its one-time kin

 TC

28

AGE OF HUMANITY

ning through the safest and most heavily patrolled sections of the Underdark,

linking Delzoun to Netherese towns, is established.

c. 3400 DR

Hobgoblins and a number of enslaved dwarves build a mammoth statue to

Nomog-Geaya, the patron deity of hobgoblins. Over the next few centuries,

the Gorge of Nomog-Geaya the Warrior becomes a gathering place for at

least three tribes of hobgoblins building in strength, despite the efforts of

the dwarves of Shanatar.

3400 DR

Start of the Ninth Rysar of Rystall Wood.

3392 DR

Netherese arcanists overrun Thaeravel, Land of Alabaster Towers. In the pro-

cess, they rip many new spells from the minds of Thaeravelian sorcerers.

 King  Horgar  Steelshadow  II  proclaims  the  founding  of  Deepkingdom

with Gracklstugh as its royal seat, claiming sovereignty over all gray dwarf

enclaves north of the Sharnlands and west of the Buried Realms beneath the

desert later known as Anauroch.

3389 DR

The dwarf realm of Haunghdannar [4974] falls. The sea is thought to have

driven the dwarves of Haunghdannar mad; the realm rapidly dwindled as

ship after ship that put out did not return, except for small fishing boats

that never left the sight of land. The land was overrun by bugbears, trolls,

ogres and orcs.

3373 DR

King Azkuldar of Ammarindar initiates trade relations with the magic-wield-

ing humans of Netheril.

3326 DR

The Abbey of the Moon in Netheril is engulfed by forest fire. Although many

attempts are made to rebuild it, none succeed. [3847]

3315 DR to 2759 DR

The Mythallar Era of the Netheril civilization.

3095 DR

The elves of Cormanthyr steal one set of the Nether Scrolls [3533, 2436]

and hide it away in the depths of Windsong Tower [569]. One of the thieves,

a gnome elf-friend named Rilmohx ShaQuessir, steals a glance at one of the

scrolls and is rewarded with a deep understanding of how to cast illusion spells.

This knowledge spreads quickly through the gnome community.

3014 DR

Ioulaum [3145, 2954] creates the first mythallar.

3011 DR

Ioulaum creates the first mythallar-powered magic item.

3002 DR

Birth of Myth Nantar: Nantar, a small town on the slopes of the Hmur

Plateau and long the center of Dukar culture, becomes Myth Nantar, City of

Destinies, as the High Mages raise a mythal around the area. This becomes

the site for much magical research and lore. It is the location of a new cen-

tral academy for the Dukars, and other schools and towers in the city teach

numerous other methods of magic brought by the former surface elves (and

some hidden marids magic). Any Dukars trained at Myth Nantar [1533],

for the first time, must vow oaths of fealty to the empire and the coronal

at Coryselmal.

Age of Humanity

3000 DR to 1000 DR

With the elf and dwarf empires in decline, this era marks a dra-

matic increase in human expansion on Toril. The mighty human

empires of Calimshan, Mulhorand, and Unther arise during this

era,  as  well  as  the  now  lost  empires  of  Netheril,  Jhaamdath,

Narfell, and Raumauthar.

c. 3000 DR

A  quick,  bloody  civil  war  leaves  all  Lolth-worshiping  matriarchs  dead  in

Sshamath, and the house wizards in control.

3315 DR

Ioulaum [3145], one of the greatest archwizards of Netheril, is born.

 Sloopdilmonpolop, the City of Pools, is founded by the kuo-toas in the

Underdark off the coast of Tethyr.

3309 DR

The Numosi and Jhimari schools of the Dukars are destroyed by kraken out

of the Trench of Lopok [9833, 788].

 The couatls seek out another race to keep the western end of the Chultan

Peninsula  free  of  yuan-ti  influence.  On  a  distant  continent  southwest  of

Faern, the couatls begin to preach the teachings of Ubtao to the indigenous

human tribes.

3234 DR

The Imaskari outpost known as Metos is founded in the Methwood.

 Illuskan humans of Ruathym [3100, 69] found the settlement of Illusk [

2103] at the mouth of the River Mirar and displace local Ice Hunter tribes.

3150 DR

The Trail of Mists is established to speed the escape of gnome slaves from

Netheril.

3149 DR

Because of a large influx of gnome refugees into the area, the secret gnome

kingdom of Songfarla [555] is officially founded in the Sunrise Mountains

separating the Hordelands from Faern.

3145 DR

Ioulaum [3315, 3014] leads the Netherese against a horde of orcs gather-

ing  near  the  southern  edge  of  the  Plain  of  Standing  Stones  [1205].  The

resulting  extermination  of  the  orcs  allows  Netheril  to  expand  unchecked

both south and west.

c. 3100 DR

Human seafarers from the west name and settle the island of Ruathym [4600,

3000] in the Sea of Swords.

2954 DR

On the Plane of Shadow, Sphur Upra [534] is founded as a gloaming com-

munity when five gloaming families on the Plane of Shadow band together

for mutual defense.

 Ioulaum  [3014,  371]  creates  the  enclave  of  Xinlenal,  Netherils  first

floating city. The empire splits into Low and High Netheril.

2919 DR

The Ironstar Kingdom of shield dwarves is founded in the North.

2900 DR

Start of the Second Rysar of Cormanthyr with the death of Coronal Kahvoerm

and the accession of Sakrattars Irithyl, his youngest great-grandson.

2809 DR

The Eshowe, the Tabaxi, and the Thinguth tribes, as well as several others

that accepted Ubtaos message, follow the couatls in a great pilgrimage across

the seas to the Jungles of Chult. The tribes land on the Wild Coast and march

inland to the Peaks of Flame, where the avatar of Ubtao welcomes them.

29

AGE OF HUMANITY

 Long-enslaved human tribes of the eastern jungles, known as the Lapal

[1732], rebel against their serpentine masters.

 The central jungles of the Sanrach and Thindol Basins are settled by the

Thinguth tribe.

c. 2770 DR

The Slaughter of Sharrven: The elf realm of Sharrven fragments and falls

due to an explosion in the monstrous populations within the southern High

Forest  engineered  by  the  feyri  of  Siluvanede.  Survivors  flee  to  Eaerlann

and Evereska.

2809: Pilgrimage of the Tabaxi

This passage from the Teachings of Ubtao was carved onto thin gold plates and secured deep within the vaults of the Maze of

Life, within the ancient city of Mezro.

Though we were anxious, we trusted in the Father to deliver us

safely to Chult. Our tribe had never before made a long journey

upon the liquid sky. Each hour of paddling took us northward

and farther away from Katashakaour home since the birthing

days. Floating in our canoa amid the endless blue, we Tabaxi

held faith in Ubtao and his plumed servant Ecatzin.

Ubtao hadnt always been known to our people. Since before

the days of my great-grandfather, the Tabaxi had worshiped

only  Olurobo  and  his  children,  the  nyama-nummo.  In  the

days before the Great Rending, the Sleepergreatest of all

the nyama-nummoruled all the lands of my people. Blessed

were the Tabaxi, whom the Sleeper favored above all other

tribes. One season, when the Sleeper decided to seek vengeance

against an ancient foe, she summoned the greatest warriors of

the nine tribes and led them against our enemies in the far

land of Mhairshaulk. Our losses must have been great, because

her wrath was mighty when she returned. On the Night of

Feasting, four nyama-nummo fell to the Sleepers hungry jaws.

Finally, her rampage subsided, and she retreated to the Palace

of the Alliz-Dren to sleep and recover her strength. Between

that long-ago time and now, the Sleeper has awakened twenty-

three times, each time more bitter and hungry

than the last.

As a babe,

I was named

Tarasajok,

which means She

Who  Watches  over

the Sleeper. That title

bestowed upon me the

great  honor  of  being

the  first  devoured

by the Sleeper upon

her next awakening.

Not  long  thereaf-

ter, Ecatzin entered

our  lands  to  spread

the word of Ubtao. At first, most

Tabaxi  shunned  the  feathered  ser-

pent  because  they  feared  that  he

was  an  agent  of

Akongoa per-

fidious  nyama-

nummo from the

southern  high-

lands. In time, however, Ecatzin taught words to the Tabaxi

and to a chosen few, he also taught matumbethe forbidden

magic. But the millennium end was nigh upon us, and most

still feared the Sleepers return.

On the Night of Feasting, Ubtao blessed me and named me

Negus Negusti and Bara. But my joy was short-lived. Moments

later, the Sleepers roar heralded her return, and my legs began

to tremble because I was, after all, Tarasajok. But just as the

mighty nyama-nummos jaws bore down to swallow me whole,

I  felt  the  might  of  Ubtao  swell  within  me.  The  matumbe

flowed from my outstretched hand, striking the Sleeper and

stopping her in place. To this day, I still recall the horrible

sound of bones snapping when I used the might of Ubtao to

crush the life from the Sleeper. Upon witnessing the power

that Ubtao had bestowed upon his Bara, my Tabaxi brothers

and  sisters  kissed  and  embraced  me,  cheering  and  pledging

their devotion to Ubtao. Ecatzin smiled and told us that we

were Ubtaos blessed children.

We soon prepared for a great pilgrimage across the endless

blue to Chult, the home of Ubtao. On the day of departure, I

whispered a silent prayer to the spirits of Katashaka, beseeching

them to watch over those who remained behind.

When the shores of my homeland

had  at  last  slipped  silently  away

into the thickening fog behind us,

I turned to Ecatzin and spoke.

The current is swift, and

we are three hundred canoa

strong,  I  said.  Take  us

to Chult, friend Ecatzin,

and  into  the  mighty

arms  of  the  Father.

There the enemies

of  the  Tabaxi

sh a l l   k now

fear,  because

I  am  Oyai,

Slayer  of

the Sleeper,

First  Bara

of Ubtao,

and  long

s h a l l

I

rule!

 BRJ

I

l

l

u

s

t

r

a

t

i

o

n

b

y

S

a

m

W

o

o

d

The Sleeper awakens

30

AGE OF HUMANITY

 King Connar IV of Ammarindar vanquishes many of the creatures that

have devastated Sharrven, including the red wyrm Rithaerosurffel, known

as the Bane of Sharrven.

2758 DR to 2208 DR

The Silver Age of the Netheril civilization.

2758 DR

Netherils government evolves into a council called the High Mages of Neth-

eril, which includes the leading arcanists of Low and High Netheril.

 The Netherese establish the mines of Dekanter. [1658]

2650 DR

The Imaskari port city of Bhaluin is founded.

2642 DR

Establishment of the arctic dwarf kingdom of Dareth [2320] in the mountains

north of Rashemen under the rulership of King Orloebar Snowbeard.

2637 DR

The  avatar  of  Ubtao,  the  Father  of  Dinosaurs,  founds  the  great  city  of

Mezro [137] in Chult.

c. 2600 DR

The last known dwarves of High Shanatar fall on the northern slopes of

the Sulduskoon River in battle against the Tavihr Dynasty of Calimshan.

The dwarves seal the last known surface entrance to Deep Shanatar [8100,

1800].

 In  the  North,  Deepkingdom,  realm  of  the  gray  dwarves,  reaches  its

peak.

2600 DR

Drow begin work on the Twisted Tower [2549] in present-day Shadowdale.

2550 DR

Ulutiu [25500], a minor sea deity, exiles himself to the Astral Plane. His ice

necklace sinks, creating the Great Glacier.

2549 DR

Despite repeated attacks and attempts to stop them, the drow complete the

Twisted Tower [2600, 1950] this year and build up their presence here.

2489 DR

Arrival of the God-Kings: The deities of the Imaskari slaves bypass the planar

barrier by sending powerful avatars, known as manifestations, of themselves

through the endless void of space to Toril, led by the ancient deity Ptah. Upon

arriving on Faern, they further divided their remaining divine essences and

created lesser, mortal forms of avatars, known as incarnations. These incar-

nations descended into the fertile plains of Imaskar and went among their

long-forsaken peoples. The most talented they made priests, and the truly

faithful  were  transformed  into  divine  minions.  The  Imaskari  slaves  then

revolt against their masters.

2488 DR

Horus slays Lord Artificer Yuvaraj, Emperor of Imaskar. Inupras falls, mark-

ing the end of the Imaskar Empire. The devastation wrought in the empires

fall turns the site into the Raurin Desert.

2487 DR

Following the fall of Inupras and the collapse of the western Imaskar Empire,

the eastern provinces of Khati and Katakoro endure. Bearing Dhonass Shroud,

one of the seven False Imaskarcana, the artificer Kujawa claims the Dragon

Throne at Thakos and declares himself Emperor of Anok-Imaskar. Scholars

mark this as the start of the First Age of Shou Lung.

2482 DR

Netherese wizards of House Orogoth build a fortified villa in the southern

reaches of the High Moor, near the northern edge of the Serpent Hills. Several

generations of Orogoths sought the power of Faerns wyrms, and legend has

it that some eventually obtained itat least after a fashion.

2481 DR

Ilphemon, an Imaskari lord, founds the hidden city of Deep Imaskar [2488,

511] in the Earthroot area of the Underdark.

2465 DR

The elves of Lethyr [9750, 2460] use High Magic to stop the spread of the

Great  Glacier  southward  and  to  regulate  temperatures,  thereby  preserving

their forest home and surrounding lands.

2460 DR

The Nar human tribes and the hobgoblins of the northern mountains and

tundra, pushed south by the expansion of the Great Glacier, come into conflict

with each other and the elves of Lethyr [2465, 1020].

2439 DR

The Spiderfires: Drow inflict the greatest damage upon the forests since the

Twelve Nights of Fire by setting the southern Rystall Woods aflame with a

swarm of spiders made from arcane fire. After a long, dry summer, the woods

burn easily. This clears nearly one hundred miles of forest south of the River

Tesh, severs the southernmost part of the woods around and to the west of

the Twisted Tower from the greater Rystall Woods, and widens the cleared

lands between them and Cormanthor.

2436 DR

An  unknown  thief  returns  seven  of  Netherils  remaining  Nether  Scrolls

[3095, 1896] to the ancient ruins of the Iqua Tel-Q uessir (creator races).

Three of the scrolls are placed in the Hall of Mists beneath the Grandfather

Tree [12500, 883] of the High Forest, and two others are placed in the Crypt

of Hssthak, which later becomes part of western Anauroch. The location of

the other two scrolls remains unknown.

c. 2400 DR

Calimshan  garrisons  eastern  Iltkazar  in  the  vicinity  of  the  Omlarandin

Mountains, south of the Wurlur (River Ith).

2387 DR

Netheril releases all its gnome slaves.

2381 DR

Beholders appear in the Alimir Mountains and swiftly overrun the eastern

garrisons of Calimshan before being pushed back into the mountains. The

beholder city of Zokir, the City of Orbs, is established. The Tavihr Dynasty

ends with the assassination of its bakkal and fire claiming the western half

of Calimport. The Erehnir Dynasty comes to power in Calimshan.

 Lord Hilather [128], one of the last Imaskari artificers, escapes the fall of

Imaskar by entering into a temporal stasis vault in a secret military stronghold

deep beneath the western mountains (present-day Giants Belt Mountains).

2375 DR

At the urging of Arthindol the Terraseer [3654], Netherese scouts begin

exploring the area that will later become the Sword Coast North.

 Lord  Ilphemon  and  a  small  group  of  family  and  retainers  flee  into  a

uncharted corner of the Underdark, hoping to escape the fall of the Imaskar

Empire and the wrathful Mulan slave armies. Ilphemons descendants eventu-

ally rule Deep Imaskar [2481] for many centuries as kings and queens.

 Left  without  guidance  after  the  fall  of  Imaskar,  the  subject-states  of

Durpar and Gundavar (present-day Estagund and Var the Golden) fall into

barbarism.

2368 DR

The Terraseer establishes Quesseer [2095] north of the Sword Mountains.

The settlement becomes a trademeet for Netherese expatriates, the elves of

Illefarn, the seafarers of Illusk, the nomadic Ice Hunters, and the dwarves

of fallen Haunghdannar.

31

AGE OF HUMANITY

32

AGE OF HUMANITY

2320 DR

The Rashemi warrior Soss leads members of his clan north to explore and trade

with the dwarves of Dareth [2642, 343]. They settle the alpine valleys of the

Armridge Mountains and over time become known as the Sossrim [1648].

c. 2300 DR

Early boats sail the surface of the Inner Sea around the southern Alamber.

Easily attacked and sunk by sahuagin, these boats are small and usable only

for coastal fishing, not exploration. Raurinese refugees continue their expan-

sions overland.

 Many  of  House  Orogoths  Netherese  servants  succumb  to  the  Serpent

Curse, a magical malady that transforms humans into a snakelike race known

as ophidians, and are driven into the hills to the west.

 Great  prosperity  expands  the  borders  of  Anok-Imaskar  to  cover  a  vast

area, from the Celestial Sea in the North to the Segara Sea in the South.

Emperor Kujawa establishes a second capital at Tempat Larang to govern

the empires southern lands.

c. 2280 DR

The Erehnir Reconstruction: After guild wars and other conflicts destroy

much of Calimport, many areas are rebuilt in the religious and artistic manner

they are known by to this day. The walls of at least two western neighborhoods

of present-day Calimport retain hints of murals that graced the walls when

they were created during this decade.

2207 DR to 1206 DR

The Golden Age of the Netheril civilization.

2207 DR

Jeriah  Chronos  [2103],  later  known  as  the  Chronomancer,  is  born  in

Netheril.

2200 DR

Start of the Tenth Rysar of Rystall Wood. Two elves, forbidden lovers long kept

apart by their feuding noble families, secretly ask the coronal for aid. He helps

them stage their deaths, and the two are transformed together to become

the first baelnorn sworn to the coronal and to Cormanthor, rather than to a

particular house. Forever apart in life, the Guardian Paramours become the

most faithful defenders of the grounds of Castle Cormanthor.

2135 DR

The god Re founds the city of Skuld and gives it the name City of Shadows,

which soon becomes the capital of a new nation called Mulhorand.

 Mulhorand Calendar begins.

2113 DR

An eruption at Mount Bakos blankets Tempat Larang in lava and ash. In

the  decades  following  the  disaster,  Anok-Imaskar  begins  abandoning  its

southwestern lands.

2103 DR

A horde of orcs from the Spine of the World, led by giants and their ogre

generals, crushes the human civilization of Illusk [3000, 425] despite aid

from Netherese arcanists led by Jeriah Chronos the Chronomancer [2207,

2095].

2100 DR

Survivors of Illusk travel to Icewind Dale [1347], where their descendants

become the Reghedmen.

2095 DR

After refusing divine healing for the injuries he sustained in the defense of

Illusk, the Chronomancer dies. [2103]

 The Netherese enclave of Quesseer [2368] is abandoned.

2087 to 1071 DR

The Dragonfall War [29500] flares up. The last great era of conflict between

the Platinum Dragon and the Chromatic Dragon rages during the first mil-

lennium of the empire of Unther. Tiamats cult is brought to Faern (at least

among humans) by the Mulan.

The clergy of Enlil preach that Tiamat is the Nemesis of the Gods, and

she is blamed by the god-kings for every setback Unther experiences as it rises

to greatness and then decays over the centuries. Tiamat battles an Untheric

alias of Bahamut, known as Marduk the Justice Bringer, time and again, but

neither wyrm can prevail.

2087 DR

The  god  Enlil  finds  pearls  on  the  west  coast  of  the  Alamber.  He  builds

Unthalass [108], the City of Gems, which becomes the capital of a new nation

called Unther.

1967 DR

Unther and Mulhorand clash at the River of Swords, beginning the First

MulhorandUnther War. Rashemi, Raumviran, Sossrim, and Nar tribesfolk

are employed as mercenaries by both sides.

1961 DR

The god-kings of Mulhorand and Unther agree on a common borderthe

River of Swords.

1950 DR

Fighting a drow incursion into the western woods, Coronal Sakrattars sac-

rifices himself using a blood dragon spell, which destroys the massive horde

of drow occupying the last ruins of Uvaeren and the Twisted Tower [2549,

1354], though not the tower itself. The coronals chosen heir, Sinaht Irithyl,

becomes the third coronal of Cormanthyr.

 Construction begins on the dwarf stronghold known as Citadel Felbarr.

[1900]

1943 DR

Emperor Kujawa dies in a combat against the celestial dragon T`ien Lung.

Anok-Imaskar dissolves into several warring states, among them Ra-Khati,

Chu ta Te, Mai Yuan, and Kao Shan.

1931 DR

The armies of Calimshan destroy the Idol of Nomog-Geaya, shattering the

strength of the hobgoblin tribes that dwell in the region, and all but eradicat-

ing them in four major battles.

1922 DR

Mulhorand begins to skirmish with the Durpari barbarians. Many Durpari

tribes are wiped out or reduced to a few families over the ensuing centuries.

c. 1900 DR

Third  Age  of  Calimshan:  Calimshan  rules  as  far  north  as  the  Snowflake

Mountains  and  is  composed  of  four  separate  kingdoms  within  its  empire:

Calimshan (the original lands of Coramshan and the Calim Empire), Mir,

Tethyr, and Iltkazar.

 Citadel Felbarr is completed. [1950, 329]

1900 DR

The  Caltazar  Hills  come  under  regular  attack  from  the  beholder  nations

around and beneath the Lake of Steam.

1896 DR

Twenty-four of the remaining Nether Scrolls are stolen. [2436, 664]

1887 DR

Chan Cheng unifies the warring states along the Ch`ing Tung River from

the  Imperial  City  of  Ten  Mor  Shou,  beginning  the  Second  Age  of  Shou

Lung. Blessed by the Celestial One, Chan Cheng becomes the first of the

Nine Immortals.

33

AGE OF HUMANITY

1850 DR

Under the leadership of their greatest queen, Duerra, the gray dwarves of

Underspires launch a series of attacks against their Underdark enemies, the

drow of Undraeth, the illithids of Oryndoll, and eventually the remnants

of Deep Shanatar.

1838 DR

In retribution for Calishite adventurers plundering her hoard and slaying one

of her brood, Ylveraasahlisar the Rose Dragon [1726] destroys Calimshans

army, the Calephs Court, the Raor Bakkal, and two-thirds of Calimport before

she settles onto the bakkals throne and rules the heart of the empire. Much

of Calimport Muzad (the subterranean portion of the city) comes into being

as a result of the red dragons attack, as her demands for the citys immedi-

ate reconstruction forces builders to simply smooth out the rubble and begin

again on top of the old structures.

1803 DR to 1350 DR

The  Deepbear  Battles:  The  duergar  of  Gracklstugh  destroy  the  quaggoth

nation of Ursadunthar, whose drow-incited survivors retaliate for centuries

by raiding outlying duergar settlements.

c. 1800 DR

Duerra, queen of the gray dwarves of Underspires, is rewarded with divine

ascension. The capital city of Dunspeirrin, City of Sunken Spires, soon falls

into a centuries-long decline.

 The  Kin  Clashes:  The  descendants  of  Clan  Duergar  invade  the  realms

of Ultoksamrin and Holorarar in Deep Shanatar [2600, 1369], and others

soon follow. Only Iltkazar survives the gray dwarf invasion, leaving Shanatar

fallen in all but name.

1732 DR

After centuries of intermittent clashes with the ruling yuan-ti, the Lapal tribes

[2809, 690] flee north and east. They settle on the southeastern shores of

the Shining Sea and in the lands that would one day become Halruaa.

 After the Lapal tribes escape their yuan-ti masters, the serpentfolk import

large numbers of lizardfolk slaves from the Great Swamp of Rethgild. Upon

reaching the shores of the Lapal Sea, many of these lizardfolk either escaped

or were released into the territory claimed by the Thinguth humans.

1726 DR

Dragonslayers led by Rafak el Cajaan sorely wound Ylveraasahlisar the Rose

Dragon [1838] and drive her out of Calimport; although she escapes the

humans, Ylvera dies under the jaws of their bronze dragon ally, Cadasalmpar.

The Cajaan Dynasty refounds human rule of the empire. The Cajaans feud

among  themselves  over  the  next  eighteen  years,  continually  fighting  and

scheming for the throne of Calimshan.

c. 1720 DR

The Netherese begin to explore Sers. They establish three crystal-domed,

subsea coloniesCuulmath, Werapan, and Quelauuvison the continental

shelf  off  the  land  that  will  become  Sembia.  The  colonies  are  collectively

called Deep Netheril.

1720 DR

Netherese wizards arrive near the blasted ruins of Uvaeren, fleeing some-

thing; they die within two years after uncovering a hidden library cache and

unwittingly setting loose some of its magical defenses.

1561: Last Stand at Humaithira

The following excerpt was taken from Triumph Exemplar, a chronicle of the wars of Netheril published in the Year of the

Melting Manscorpion (221 DR). The campaigns of Strategor Matick were required reading at the Academy of Lords in 4th-

century Cormyr.

In life, Strategor Matick of Netheril was a ruthless man with

a smart wit and a disarming smile. Unlike other arcanists of

the day, he was strong in his devotion to the gods, particularly

the war god Targus. Matick is credited with more than fifty

thousand kills, and his successes were legendary even during

his lifetime. But one of his battlesthe Last Stand at Humai-

thirais remembered above all others. Long will tacticians

and strategists study his heroic last stand, and the valor shown

by Matick and his one hundred myrmidar in that conflict still

resonates with the warriors of today.

In Netheril Year 2298, a vast army of more than three

thousand giants invaded east central Netheril. Led by Thane

Blta  of  Skammhls,  the  jotun  marched  out  of  the  Gods

Legion Mountains in eight divisions to encircle the frontier

city of Xanth. Offering no parley, they sacked the city and

continued  westward.  Refugees  escaping  south  across  Basin

Lake quickly sent word to nearby Undrentide to alert High

Netheril to the invasion.

Surprisingly, none of Netherils mighty floating enclaves

came to the defense of the ground-based settlements. The

giants march was uncontested until Bltas army reached the

narrow pass at Humaithira, in the Lodestar Mountains. The

only route through the mountains for hundreds of leagues,

the Pass of Humaithira consisted of a winding footpath so

narrow  that  only  one  giant  could  move  through  at  time.

A force of six hundred Netherese phalanxes waited there,

blocking the pass. Among the troops stood Strategor Matick

and  one  hundred  of  his  elite  myrmidar.  Though  severely

outnumbered, the Netherese stood their ground, using their

superior  battle  tactics  and  magical  arsenal  to  delay  the

giants advance. But Bltas retinue included several power-

ful shamans, who used their totem magic to pass through

the solid granite walls flanking the pass and circumvent the

Netherese forces.

Though  his  warriors  were  surrounded,  Matick  cried  out

to the Reaver and pressed the attack. Blta himself pushed

through  the  throng  to  engage  Matick  in  monomachia,  or

single  combat.  With  most  of  his  myrmidar  dead  or  dying

around  him,  Matick  stood  valiantly,  swinging  his  mighty

glaive  and  hurling  spells  with  unerring  precision.  A  simple

misstep, however, brought Strategor Matick to his knees, and

Blta took his head.

The giants took the pass but suffered heavy losses in the

process. The fierce resistance of the myrmidar had delayed the

armys passage sufficiently to let Netheril prepare for the final

battle. Bltas forces were ultimately defeated outside Trinity,

along the shores of the Hidden Lake. The Netherese rallying

cry was Humaithira, and the noble sacrifice of Strategor

Matick and his myrmidar gave courage to the defenders.

 BRJ

34

AGE OF HUMANITY

1715 DR

Tzindylspar [1428], the City of Rubies, is founded by the dwarves of Delzoun

and some Netherese emigrants.

1561 DR

One hundred Netherese myrmidar led by Strategor Matick make a valiant

last stand against an army of giants at the Pass of Humaithira.

1708 DR

The Cajaan Dynasty stabilizes in Calimshan, and the supreme rulers title

becomes pasha rather than bakkal.

1700 DR

Calishite nobles begin hunting elves in the northern forests for sport.

1694 DR

Rise to power of the Merynth Dynasty of Aryselmalyr under the warrior

Essyl Merynth, nephew of the dying Coronal Tanrah Eshalniith.

1660 DR

Battle of the Three Seaflames: Destruction of the three Deep Netheril

enclaves of Cuulmath, Werapan, and Quaeluuvis by allied mages of Sers,

including the High Mages and the full contingent of Dukars of Aryselmalyr.

The subsequent explosions create Saerloon Bay and Selgaunt Bay.

1658 DR

The mines of Dekanter [2758] play out and are abandoned. Within a few

years, Netherese arcanists begin using the chambers and tunnels to test their

latest workings of the Art.

1657 DR

The  enclave  of  Maunator  (Sunrest)  disintegrates  in  an  accident  caused  by

poorly executed spell research.

1539 DR

Start of the Third Sers War: Coronal Essyl lashes out against minor koalinth

and scrag raids to the north and ignites the war by uniting the koalinth (aquatic

hobgoblins) and merrow (aquatic ogres) against a common foe. [1502]

1537 DR

The merrow kingdom of Pkarnis falls to the sea elves of Aryselmalyr.

1535 DR

Yrlaphon is established in the eastern woods across the River Lis.

 The  ixitxachitl  Imperium  of  Ilvanyv  falls.  In  the  same  year,  the  long

loyal merfolk of Thalorlyn on the Hmur Plateau rebel against the oppres-

sive violence of the war./Coronal Essyl co-opts the rebellion by supporting

a merfolk traitor, Kyron the Mad, who had also succumbed to the whispers

of Dagon. Kyron rises to a position of leadership among the merfolk while

secretly passing military secrets to agents of the coronal.

1533 DR

Establishment of Thalorlyn as the independent First Kingdom of Hmur. The

merfolk of Thalorlyn claim Myth Nantar [3002, 1523].

1531 DR

Nearly thirty percent of all merfolk of Sers are

killed  as  Aryselmalyr  viciously  puts  down  the

rebellion at Thalorlyn.

1648 DR

Human  hunters  from  the  northern  reaches  of

Kara-Tur travel west across the polar ice cap

and  settle  for  a  time  with  the  Sossrim

[2320,  300]  before  moving  on  to  the

Great Glacier in search of game. After

becoming lost, they set up permanent

settlements and become the precursors

of the Ulutiuns.

1621 DR

Strategor Matick is born in Netheril.

His military successes were legend-

ary. The ratio of Netherese losses

in relation to enemy kills during

his career were the lowest of any

general in the nations history.

1603 DR

Noble families among the bladelords

of  Jhaamdath  construct  the  magical

refuge of Dhinnilith, a secure pocket

plane  accessed  through  the  palace  at

Naarkolyth.

1588 DR

Attempts to raise a mythal over the

sea elf capital of Coryselmal fail. Feel-

ing betrayed by the Seldarine, Coronal

Essyl of Aryselmalyr succumbs to the

whispers  of  Dagon  and  begins  sliding

quietly into madness.

1570 DR

Zazesspur,  a  simple  fishing  town,

becomes  a  fortified  city  and  center

of the Emir of Tethyrs rule.

1530 DR

Coronol  Essyl  dispatches  an  expedition

into the depths of the Trench of Lopok.

His  agents  return  in  the  company  of  a

trio  of  Dagon-serving  fiendish  kraken

bearing a newly forged artifact known as

the Emerald Eye [1524], which Essyl

gives  to  Kyron  to  ensure  his  loyalty.

With  the  aid  of  their  cephalopodan

allies, the mad kings seized even more

power in Sers.

1527 DR

The  First  Dukars  War:  Within  the

scope of the Third Sers War, the fifth

Dukar  Order  of  Nantari  (those  who

vowed allegiance to Aryselmalyr) goes

to war against the other orders.

1525 DR

Merrow  and  koalinth  band  together

into the Horde of the Bloodtide, only

to be defeated again by the mad King

Kyron of Thalorlyn. The rebel Repub-

lic of Tivaan rises among the merfolk

to unite the Hmur Plateau against

Aryselmalyrs mad ruler, once spies

reveal that Coronal Essyl and King

Kyron have allied with kraken to

supplement their power.

1524 DR

Kyron  and  his  loyalists  are

deposed  and  outcast  from  Hmur

Plateau,  despite  the  kings  kraken

ally and the powerful Emerald Eye

[1530, 1509].

s

d

l

o

n

y

e

R

e

n

y

a

W

y

b

n

o

i

t

a

r

t

s

u

l

l

I

Netherese myrmidar battle a fog giant at Humaithira

35

AGE OF HUMANITY

1523 DR

End of the First Dukars War: Conflict ends with the destruction of the

House of the Nantari Order in Myth Nantar [1533, 1501]. This loss sets

back Coronal Essyl greatly, and twenty years of tense detente begin.

1522 DR

The Four Arcana of Humbar, the usually isolationist morkoths from the

deep waters below, ally with Tivaan after numerous attacks from the coronals

forces.

1509 DR

The First Shalarin Passing: The obyrith lord Dagon, eldest of Those Who

Sleep Below, sets in motion his plan to control the depths of Sers. The first

wildtide portal opens, and the shalarins arrive within Sers from the Sea of

Corynactis, their home on the far side of Toril, west of Maztica. Immedi-

ately attacked by the magically attuned Emerald Eye [1524, 1506] and the

madmen Kyron and Essyl, the shalarins lose more than 17 percent of their

number. Tivaan, the Dukar orders, and Humbar all rush to the aid of the

shalarins and quickly gain powerful allies.

1506 DR

King Kyron dies at the hands of the Dukars, who take the Emerald Eye of

Kyron [1509, 1399] into their custody. The merfolk traitors either return

to Tivaan or remain allied with Coronal Essyl.

1504 DR to 1069 DR

Eastern provinces of Jhaamdath fall under the sway of Unther.

1502 DR

End of the Third Sers War: Conflict ends with the death of the Mad Coronal

Essyl Merynth at the hands of his brother, the Grand Dukar Jholar of the

Jhimari Order. Jholar abdicates the coronals throne in favor of his younger

sister, the devout priestess Vaeqiis. [1539]

1501 DR

The Dukars again become an independent group of peacemakers not answerable

to Aryselmalyr. The Nantari Order is dissolved, though the school at Myth

Nantar [1523, 1399] is rebuilt as an academy where all four orders convene

to keep a closer eye on the magic of Aryselmalyn elves.

c. 1500 DR

Mulhorandi expansion results in the settlement of the Priador and annexation

of Murghm, the Plains of Purple Dust, and the Raurin Desert.

 Untheric expansion results in the settlement of the Wizards Reach and

much of the Eastern Shaar.

1492 DR

Shalarin survivors of the Third War settle Eskrin on the northeastern Hmur

Plateau. Alliances with the Dukars and Humbar provide protectors for the

city-state until it can restore its own warrior caste.

1482 DR

Mulhorand conquers the eastern realm of Semphr.

1471 DR

The floating enclave of Thultanthar [339] (present-day  City of  Shade) is

created in Netheril.

1428 DR

Calimport falls with the death of Syl-Pasha Violir Cajaan IX, and behold-

ers rule the ruined city of Calimport and its vassal empire. Q yraaptir the

Bloodeye, a beholder-mage of frightening power, claims the Pashas Throne.

Beholders now rule all major settlements throughout Calimshan, Iltkazar

and the Lake of Steam.

 Trade between Tzindylspar [1715, 1427] and Calimshan collapses almost

overnight.

1427 DR

Ynamalik  Nadim  and  a  small  army  of  monsters  from  Calimshan  invade

Tzindylspar [1428, 665]. The City of Rubies falls within a tenday.

1405 DR

Heldapan is founded as a fishing and trading center.

1402 DR

Q yraaptir the Bloodeye and its beholder forces fall or flee before the Drakhon

priests and their allied human soldiers. Calimport is the first city freed of

beholder domination, and Calimshan is free of beholder rulers within three

years, thanks to the rule of the Drakhon pashas. The beholders retreat to their

strongholds beneath the Alimir Mountains and along the Lake of Steam.

c. 1400 DR

First crude ships sail the open waters of the Inner Sea, as Unther expands

across the Alamber. These ships are the standard for sea travel for the next

two millennia.

1400 DR

Start of the Eleventh Rysar of Rystall Wood. Coronal Faahresc is a rabid

drow-hating warrior who leads his people on numerous raids in the Underdark

caverns and the Twisted Tower to the south.

 The attacks on the Caltazar Hills by the beholder nations of the Lake

of Steam end.

1399 DR

Start of the Fourth Sers War: The Hmur Plateau becomes overrun by a

horde of koalinth and merrow, ending the peaceful merfolk Republic of Tivaan.

A desperate mermaid steals the Emerald Eye of Kyron [1506, 1396] from

the Dukars Tower at Myth Nantar [1501, 339] to drive the horde off the

plateau, only to become corrupted by its power and lead the horde herself

against her remaining people and the rest of Sers.

1396 DR

End of the Fourth Sers War: This war destroys the Second Kingdom of

Kyron, setting back koalinth populations for decades. The Emerald Eye [1399,

108] is recaptured, and the possessed mermaid is believed dead, buried in a

collapsed reef on the Plains of Duna, which hereafter are called the Haunted

Plains. The new merfolk community, under the auspices of the kindly Coronal

Vaeqiis, is the kingdom of Thalvan, led by King Darmox.

1382 DR

The seeds of the barbarian schism are sown when the Angardt tribe learns

sorcery.

1377 DR

Using  powerful  Imaskari  artifacts  unearthed  in  the  ruins  of  Thakos,  the

artificer Tan Chin assassinates the Sapphire Empress Kwan Ying and assumes

the throne of Shou Lung. The new emperor renames Ten Mor Shou to Kuo

Meilan, after his consort.

1375 DR

Angardt barbarians splinter off from the magic-fearing Rengarth tribe.

1370 DR

Earliest record of the Black Leopard Cult [930]. Cult history says that the

Black Leopard and his followers are eternal and immortal, having advised

the Nine Travelers [1250] when they ruled the lands of Kara-Tur. This is

the earliest written mention of the cult, noting that it had temples all along

the Fenghsintzu River. Its major temple was at Durkon.

1365 DR

Using the Jade Mirror, Emperor Tan Chin and his friend Kar Wuan trick

Pao Hu Jen the Guardian into flying to the lands of the horse barbarians

where they transform the dragon into the Great Dragonwall of Shou Lung.

36

AGE OF HUMANITY

1354 DR

Unified armies of Rystall Wood and Cormanthyr infiltrate and rout the major-

ity of the drow forces around and under the lands of Rystall, Uvaerens ruins,

and the Old Skull, the granite crag within the hills that lie in the clearings

among the three forests. However, they cannot penetrate the Twisted Tower

[1950, 750], allowing many drow to escape.

1338 DR

The Fourth Rysar of Cormanthyr begins under Coronal Miirphys Irithyl.

1293 DR

Coronal  Miirphys  helps  raise  the  Crescent  Court,  the  temple  of  Sehanine

in Cormanthyr.

1289 DR

The  immortal  Chih  Shih  leads  a  revolt  against  Tan  Chin  and  drives  the

emperor from Kuo Meilan, ending the Second Age of Shou Lung. Fleeing to

Raurin, Tan Chin begins searching for lost Imaskari artifacts.

1288 DR

A shield dwarf named Melair discovers a vein of precious mithral beneath

Mount Waterdeep. King Melair I, as he comes to be known, sends word to his

kindred, and those who answer his call become Clan Melairkyn. The Melairkyn

are traders, artisans, and explorers, strongly protective of their home, which

they name the Underhalls of Melairbode [750].

1280 DR

The Alimir Peninsula erupts into war between Calimshans armies and the

restored beholder nations. Q yraaptir the Bloodeye now commands all the

hives surface armies, not just one legion.

1250 DR

Unther battles Yuireshanyaar for control of the southern Aglarondan coast.

The star elves are driven back into the woods. Further Untheric expansion

near the Great Rift [6000, 316] brings this nation into conflict with the gold

dwarves of the Deep Realms.

 Ascendancy  of  Nung  Fu,  a  simple  peasant,  as  First  Emperor  of  Shou

Lung. He is invested with the Emblems of Authority by the legendary Nine

Travelers [1370], beginning the Third Age of Shou Lung.

1234 DR

Vaelan (currently known as Old Vaelen) is founded as a trading center on the

site of a natural spring.

1219 DR

Coronal  Vaeqiis  dies,  and  her  warrior  son  Merath  becomes  coronal  of

Sers.

1205 DR to 697 DR

The Age of Discovery of the Netheril civilization.

1205 DR

A chardalyn mine is discovered in the Plain of Standing Stones [3145] in

central Low Netheril.

1202 DR

Ali yn Enar el Samesaj, the future Great Vizar of Calimport, is born on the

last day of Alturiak.

c. 1200 DR

The Boneyard, more properly known as Pholzubbalt [1000], the Mausoleum

City, is founded by a secret cabal of Mulhorandi necromancers deep under

present-day Thesk.

1200 DR

Numerous settlements and many more elf patrols fall before a trio of nycaloths

rampaging through the forest of Cormanthor. Rumors say jealous Netherese

archwizards summoned and sent the yugoloths into the Elven Woods merely

to test what magics they had to array against Netheril. After three months of

cat-and-mouse games and a climactic battle within the streets of Cormanthyr,

the elves subdued the nycaloths. Coronal Miirphys, the High Mages, and a

number of priests use High Magic to imprison the trio, who had become

known as KhovAnilessa (the Trio Nefarious).

1183 DR

Vaelantar (currently known as Vaelan [241]) is built as a fortified trading

post.

1161 DR

In Calimshan, Ali el Samesaj saves the daughter of a Drakhon sultan from

kidnapers,  and  he  comes  to  the  notice  of  Syl-Pasha  Adjam  Drakhon,  her

grandfather. As a reward, he becomes a fixture in the sultans court and his

unofficial court wizard.

1153 DR

Ali  el  Samesaj  saves  the  sultan  from  assassination  by  others  of  his  court,

though the magical battle destroys much of Hapij Sabban. He rises to the

title of the Sultans Vizar and Druzir of the Seven Sages Drudach as a reward

for his loyalty.

c. 1150 DR

Syl-Pasha Kamal el Drakhon commissions the building of el Q ysanallojal

(Imperial Navy), and this allows Calimshan to begin controlling the coastal

lands and waters of the Shining Sea. Originally built to speed troop movements

against the beholder armies, the Q ysanallojal swiftly expands Calimshans

political and trade influence.

1130 DR

The  Battle  of  the  Samesaj  Gate:  The  eastern  garrison  of  Akkabbel  (pres-

ent-day Ithal Pass [1370]) is the scene of great victory for Calimshan, as the

besieged forces of Akkabbel gain reinforcements from Calimport through a

magical portal. They break the siege and inflict great losses on the beholders.

The portal remains intact after the battle, but only its caster (the vizar Ali

el Samesaj) knows that it is keyed to the full moons light more than other

magic. This great victory over the beholder forces sees Samesaj raised to the

title of Grand Vizar at the right hand of Syl-Pasha Ruj el Drakhon.

1124 DR

The Mulhorandi outpost of Semkhrun is founded in Semphr.

1114 DR

The High Netherese begin experimenting with travel to other worlds.

c. 1100 DR

Illefarns last coronal, Syglaeth Audark, commands a Retreat [342] to Evermeet

[9800, 177]. The remnants of the elf empire fragment into the independent

realms  of  Ardeep,  Iliyanbruen  (in  Neverwinter  Wood),  and  Rilithar  (in

Westwood and Kryptgarden Forest).

1100 DR

The last great wyrm of the Wyrmwood falls by elf hands, and the kingdom

becomes Arundath the Quiet Wood.

 Aelinthaldaar, the capital city of Illefarn, is razed by elven High Magic

on the order of Illefarns coronal. Virtually nothing is left to indicate that

an elf city had stood on the site for seven millennia.

1095 DR

The  Grand  Vizar  Samesaj  creates  his  final  resting  place  to  the  east  of

Calimports  city  walls:  the  Khamamart,  the  Tomb  of  Fire.  Once  its  fiery

marble walls rise from the earth, Samesaj enters through one wall, never

to be seen again.

1094 DR

Coronal Merath dies fighting sahuagin raiders, and his wizard son Lynsal

becomes coronal of Sers.

37

AGE OF HUMANITY

1088 DR

Scarcely a dozen years after the razing of Aelinthaldaar, annual trade begins

between southern merchants and barbaric local tribes on the future site of

Waterdeep.

1087 DR

The  Theurgist  Adept  (wizard)  Thayd  leads  a  rebellion  of  mages  against

Mulhorand and Unther, seizing the northern provinces of both empires as

his own territory.

1081 DR

Thayd and his conspirators are defeated. Before he is executed, Thayd proph-

esies that Mulhorand and Unther will decline.

1080 DR

End of the wars between Calimshan and the beholder nations of the Alimir

Peninsula  with  the  victory  at  Mintar.  The  Pashas  Throne  at  Calimport

now rules from the Sword Coast to Mintar. The increased trade and influ-

ence sees Calimport nearly double in size (to nearly the size of present-day

Waterdeep).

1081: The Capture of Theurgist Adept Thayd

The following excerpt is taken from the Book of Ratep, First and Only Incarnation of Great Pharaoh, First Words of the

Holiest of Holies.

I

l

l

u

s

t

r

a

t

i

o

n

b

y

D

e

r

e

k

T

h

o

m

p

s

o

n

The capture of Theurgist Adept Thayd

The  Theurgist  Adept  Thayd  studied  the  lore  of  the  Great

Enemy Enslavers and armed himself with their arcane weap-

onry, hoping to use their wicked power against us. But in so

doing, he himself became enslaved to their blasphemous powers,

and he began to commit atrocities as horrid as any of theirs.

Mayhap a time had existed when he could have been redeemed

from the wickedness that ultimately consumed him, but he soon

began infecting his followers with his heresies, and he freely

shared the secrets of the Enslavers with them. Their spells of

thunder and lightning laid many of our glorious servitors low

and left even more maimed, blinded, and deafened. Such was

the merciless evil of the profane Thayd and his arcane disciples.

Left to his own devices, he would surely have enslaved the

righteous and put our people in shackles once again. Eventu-

ally, Thayds wanton disregard for the power of life and the

divine made it clear that his evil had to be vanquished so that

maat could be restored.

It was the divine that ultimately saved the Mulan from the

arcane evil of the Imaskari. The power of our gods hardened

our muscles into steel and made our khopeshes shine with

holy  brilliance.  With  such  weapons  were  the  blasphemers

laid low and brought to justice, proving that faith in the

divine can always overcome trust in the arcane. Thus it was

and shall be for all timea truth as eternal as our empire

under the sun.

 TC

38

AGE OF HUMANITY

1076 DR to 1069 DR

The Orcgate Wars: The Orcgate opens in the southern portion of the Plateau

of Thay. Renegade Mulhorandi wizards employ Imaskari portal magic to open

planar gates to an orc world. Hundreds of thousands of orcs inundate the

northern territories of both Mulhorand and Unther. Mulhorand hires Nar,

Raumathari, Rashemi, and Sossrim mercenaries to fight the orc invaders.

1071 DR

The  orc  god  Gruumsh  kills  the  Mulhorandi  deity  Ra  in  the  first  known

deicide.

 The Untheric gods Inanna, Girru, Ki, Nanna-Sin, Nergal, and Utu are

slain by orc deities.

 During the final Battle of the Gods, Tiamat launches a surprise attack

against Gilgeam while he battles Ilneval. The ever-vigilant Marduk intervenes,

killing Tiamat before she can land a death blow against Gilgeam, but at the

cost of his own life.

1069 DR

The Orcgate is destroyed, and the invading orcs and their deities are defeated in

the Priador. Tribes of Nars, Rashemi, Raumvirans, and Sossrim return home.

Over the next century, the Nars found a series of petty kingdoms, the most

prominent of which is Ashanath, along the western shore of Lake Ashane.

1064 DR

The Netherese make first contact with the illithids.

 A  two-way  portal  between  the  Shandaular,  capital  of  the  kingdom  of

Ashanath and Council Hills, far to the south in the Eastern Shaar, is opened.

Shaundaular expands to encompass the lands surrounding the portals south-

ern terminus.

c. 1050 DR

The Lake of Steam beholders are slowly driven underground again by Calim-

shans navy between this time and 680 DR. Infrequent, tentative trade begins

with Chult and the Tashalar.

1050 DR

A power struggle between Osiris and Set to suceed Re results in the murder

of Osiris.

1048 DR

Isis resurrects Osiris. Horus-Re battles Set and becomes chief of the Mulho-

randi pantheon. The First Mulhorand Empire ends.

1029 DR

Death of Nung Fu. His great-grandson becomes the first Emperor Chin of

the Li Dynasty (Dynasty of Might) in Shou Lung.

1020 DR

After decades of skirmishing and raiding against the Nar humans, the elves of

Lethyr [2460] are forced to abandon their holdings in the northern woodlands

of the Riildath and retreat to more defensible settlements to the south.

1015 DR

The Nar chieftain Tharos leads his people into the Riildath and discovers the

ruins of Narathmault [9750]. He and his people uncover many secrets of

demonic lore, a legacy of the original Ilythiiri inhabitants, and soon abandon

their gods and turn to the worship of the powers of the Abyss.

1014 DR

The Netherese refocus their efforts on exploring Faern when travel to other

worlds is found to be both dangerous and unprofitable.

990 DR

Intermittent plagues over the next century ravage the populations of Scha-

medar and Calimport. The first plague, which strikes this year, kills nearly

half of Calimports slaves and forces the syl-pasha and his family to remain

trapped in their palace for nearly two years until the disease subsides. The

warlords and sorcerers of Jhaamdaths Twelve Cities of the Sword are suspected

of creating the plagues, but nothing is ever proven.

987 DR

Thargaun, son of Tharos, assumes rulership of the tribe with the death of

his father and establishes the kingdom of Tharos with himself as its first

ruler, or Nentyarch.

970 DR

The Nentyarch of Tharos builds his capital at Dun-Tharos and forges the

Crown of Narfell. He begins conquering the surrounding Nar kingdoms and

uniting them under his rule.

946 DR

The armies of the Nentyarch of Tharos destroy Shandaular, capital of Ashan-

ath. All the petty Nar kingdoms are now united into the Empire of Narfell.

The people of Shandaular flee by means of the two-way portal around which

their city is built, leaving their leader Arkaius behind to seal it. These people,

now in the Council Hills area of the Shaar, name themselves the Arkaiuns

in honor of their fallen ruler.

930 DR

The Black Leopard Cult [1370, 830] reaches its zenith, the power of its kio

ton mu (mystic witch doctors) held in more fear and reverence than that of

the Shou Lung emperor in the lands of Tu Lung.

900 DR to 600 DR

Star  elves  of  Yuireshanyaar,  foreseeing  disaster,  begin  construction  of  the

extraplanar refuge of Sildyuir.

900 DR

The  Raumvirans  establish  the  realm  of  Raumathar,  with  its  capital  at

Winterkeep.

897 DR

King Olaurin, greatest hero-king of Ammarindar, is slain by the deep dragon

Erthungaron.

c. 870 DR

After some decades of increased travel and colonization, Calimshan opens

full, regular trade with Chult and the Tashalar.

868 DR

Unification of the western provinces of Shou Lung under the Emblems of

Imperial Authority, the emperors symbols of office.

862 DR

Klionna  (present-day  Chavyondat)  is  founded  as  a  fishing  and  trading

center.

855 DR

Crushing of the Sea Lords Revolt in Karatin Province consolidates power in

Shou Lung beneath the Emblems of Imperial Authority.

842 DR

Seventh Emperor Chin of the Li Dynasty declares the Gathering of Waters,

an attempt to bring the land fed by all the major rivers in Shou Lung under

the sway of the Emblems of Imperial Authority. Shou Lung armies invade

the Fenghsintzu Valley.

839 DR

Surrender of the Grey Owl tribes in the north secures the present northern

boundary of the Shou Lung empire.

837 DR

Agents  of  Emperor  Chin  discover  the  Impossible  Palace  of  Silver  Domes

[649] in the northeast part of Arkarin Province in Shou Lung.

39

AGE OF HUMANITY

836 DR

The Battle of Infinite Darkness, at the mouth of Fenghsintzu. Combined

leadership of the southern tribes under the kio ton mu challenges the forces

of General Wo Can. The entire battle is fought under the cover of darkness

spells,  and  legends  say  that  the  kio  ton  mu  summoned  fell  and  dangerous

beasts from the other side of the world to aid them. In the end, Wo Cans

army routs the southern tribes. The great southern scholar Po Nih dies in

this battle, struck by a spear as he was writing a report to send to the main

temple of Durkon.

830 DR

Wo Cans forces destroy the temple of the Black Leopard Cult [930, 224]

at the mouth of the Fenghsintzu River in Durkon, ending resistance in Shou

Lungs southern provinces (later to become Tu Lung). The records say that

the temple itself was sunk to the lowest depths of the earth. The kio ton mu

are said to have either been slain or fled to distant lands. One legend in par-

ticular states that a high priest journeyed unseen down the Fenghsintzu and

made his way out to sea.

819 DR

A Dukar allegedly assassinates Coronal Lynsal, and his paranoid daughter

Vaeqiis begins sanctions against the four Dukar Orders of Myth Nantar and

all wizards throughout the Sea of Fallen Stars.

815 DR

Shou  Lung  establishes  the  Eighteen  Garrisons  of  Tu  in  the  Tu  Lung

lands. These military bases are instrumental in establishing Shou customs

in the southern regions.

810 DR

Teachings of the Path of Enlightment first appear in the stone bluffs above

the mouth of the Hungtse River in Shou Lung. The meter-high characters

are  blasted  into  the  solid  granite  by  reddish  lightning  during  a  firestorm

witnessed throughout the continent. Though the skies are ablaze with light,

the vegetation and people near the Hungtse are unharmed. The ancestors of

the emperor are said initially to refute these teachings.

800 DR

Start of the Twelfth Rysar of Rystall Wood. Synnorha Durothil becomes a

baelnorn to guard the Library of the Durothils, far beneath the petrified

roots of its original villa.

 Rise of the Purple Order of Pamas: A small band of forty Dukars abandon

their normal colors and allegiances to form the Pamasi Order, dedicated to

a harassing war against Aryselmalyr and its increasingly draconian tactics

against wizardry. The Dukars seek to embarrass Coronal Vaeqiis II and raise

awareness of the problems among the common folk in Sers, not just the

wizardly orders.

791 DR

The  Fifth  Rysar  of  Cormanthyr  convenes  under  the  rule  of  Tannivh

Irithyl.

790 DR to 530 DR

The Night Wars: Drow raiders attack Calimshan and other surface powers

of southern Faern.

789 DR

The Second Shalarin Passing: Below the Hmur Plateau, the wildtide portal

opens  again  and  more  shalarins  emigrate  to  Sers.  Initially,  many  of  the

new shalarins come to Eskrin, though some move farther east and look for

a home of their own.

780 DR

The Kraken Gambit: Coronal Vaeqiis II of Sers desperately allies with two

kraken to shatter the Four Arcana of Humbar, the peaceful morkoth mago-

cracy. The few survivors of this offensive dive into deeper waters, away from

Aryselmalyrs persecution.

777 DR

End of the Fifth Sers War: The Fifth Sers War ended following the deaths

of Vaequiis II and her kraken allies, the result of sacrifices by a small band of

Dukars of the Jhimari Order, but not before the destruction of the shalarin

kingdom of Eskrin and the morkoth magocracy known as the Arcana of

Humbar. Aryselmalyrs new ruler (approved by the four Grand Dukars as well

as the elf nobility) is Coronal Pravis Orlson, who restores the peace missed for

over six centuries. Kayas the Krakenscourge [107], the traditional weapon of

the Triton Protectorates of the Sea of Fallen Stars, passes into the possession

of the Orlson Dynasty.

760 DR

Rise of Esrath: The surviving shalarin, having quietly slipped into the deeper

waters left vacant by the morkoth, announce the official rise of Esrath, the

shalarin kingdom of the deep. Its close ties to the Dukars and its own power

keep Aryselmalyr at bay.

c. 750 DR

Drow attacks on Cormanthyr and Rystall Wood begin again in earnest, but

only as slash-and-run raids by drow seeking magic, slaves, or destruction. The

impregnable Twisted Tower [1354, 470] expands twice in the next decades.

 An order of powerful Netherese wizards takes up residence amid an unexca-

vated section of Melairbode [1288, 677], in what is now known as the third

level of Undermountain. The name of the outpost is lost to time, though

some scholars refer to it as the Sargauth Enclave [339].

741 DR

Tulan  el  Akada  yi  Calimport  creates  the  aranea,  a  race  of  lycanthropic

arachnids with the ability to disguise themselves as drow or giant spiders.

Tulans magical controls make the aranea the most effective soldiers in the

war against the drow.

736 DR

Tulan el Akadas forty most loyal aranea remain in Calimport and take up

residence in hidden byways beneath the city and among caverns in the upper

regions of the Underdark (former scouting posts of Shanatar). They begin

fortifying the defenses of Calimport against the drow and making a home

for  themselves  in  the  dark  areas  where  few  sadimmin  (Calishite  soldiers)

wish to tread.

734 DR

Enlil decides to leave Toril. His son Gilgeam becomes god-king of Unther.

The First Untheric Empire comes to an end.

 Untheric Calendar begins.

733 DR

Tulan el Akada releases over one hundred aranea into the Forest of Mir, both

to propagate and to fight the drow that had taken up residence therein.

722 DR

Elves of Yrlaphon suffer drow attacks in winter, and the orc hordes of summer

overwhelm them, causing the fall of the city.

c. 700 DR

Rise of the Vastar [331], kingdom of orcs.

788 DR

Start of the Fifth Sers War: Vaequiis the Dark, the paranoid sea elf ruler,

initiates the Fifth Sers War against the shalarin kingdom of Eskrin follow-

ing the Second Shalarin Passing. Her mobilizing troops around Eskrin and

the northern Hmur Plateau prompts other allied and neutral states of Sers

to ally against her, so in desperation, the coronal allies herself with a pair of

krakens, Borapalys and Rylurkarth, from the Trench of Lopok [3309].

 Over the next three hundred years, increasing numbers of slaves escape

Calimshan and Tethyr with aid from psiarchs and monastic servants of the

deity Auppenser.

699 DR Year of Moon Blades Clashing

The star elves abandon Yuireshanyaar for Sildyuir. Many green elves choose

to remain in the Yuirwood.

40

AGE OF HUMANITY

697 DR Year of Furious Giants

The drow erupt from beneath the cities of Calimport, Manshaka, and Alm-

raiven, establishing footholds in the cities as well as the outlying wilderness

areas that they hold for several decades.

696 DR to 340 DR

The Shadowed Age of the Netheril civilization.

696 DR Year of Great Rains

Karsus [3654, 674], the greatest archwizard of Netheril, is born.

691 DR Year of Stolen Fire

Attacks by the drow in Calimport destroy the calephs palace with all the

ruling family within it, bringing the Vihad Dynasty to a close. The qayadin

(general) of the sadimmin takes control as Syl-Pasha Akim el Ehjoliq.

 Calimshan begins colonizing the coast of the Lake of Steam beyond the

Alimir peninsula. The original plans were to take over the area as conquerors,

but many are settled as places for refugees fleeing Calimshan proper and the

irregular but terrifying Night Wars [790, 620].

690 DR Year of Fragile Beginnings

Threatened by renewed attacks from the yuan-ti, the Lapal tribes [1732, 569]

along the Shining Sea come together and establish the nation of Lapaliiya.

The city of Sheirtalar [569] is named the capital.

 Blingdenstone  [1338],  a  deep  gnome  community,  is  founded  in  the

North.

a

t

t

o

v

a

C

t

t

a

M

y

b

n

o

i

t

a

r

t

s

u

l

l

I

681 DR Year of Nightmares

Netherese arcanists emigrate to the Demiplane of Nightmares. The magical

energies of that nightmarish realm transform their descendants into an assort-

ment of horribly twisted creatures known as the Night Parade [1359].

677 DR Year of Fervent Glances

Drow from the city of Karsoluthiyl (located beneath the Trackless Sea [17600,

418], west of the mouth of the River Chionthar) begin their first incursions

against the Stout Folk of Melairbode [750, 211].

674 DR Year of Dwarves Besieged

The  archwizard  Karsus  [696,  408]  creates  the  floating  enclave  of

Eileanar.

665 DR Year of Crumbling Ruins

A powerful earthquake rocks the Nether Mountains, causing the lost city of

Tzindylspar [1427, 267] to collapse.

664 DR Year of Turning Tides

The drow nearly destroy the town of Keltar in Calimshan over the course of

a 37-hour battle, given their magical superiority and a globe of darkness that

they use to surround the city. Calimports army arrives after the drow conquer

the city and have shipped more than half of the surviving population into the

Underdark as slaves. Although the Calishites free the town and force the drow

back to the Underdark, more than 3,000 Keltams are never seen again.

 The  remaining  Nether  Scrolls  [1896,  580]  are  stolen  en  route  to

Eileanar.

649 DR Year of Falling Copper

Large parts of Calimport are purposely destroyed to bury the drow temples

and partially subterranean villas, but some remain relatively intact though

buried. Those same wizards who burned the city help rebuild it and seal off

all areas between Calimport and the Underdark with stone and new build-

ings. Despite their diligence, the drow reopen those passages within a decade

and reestablish their hold on Calimport Below, now nicely protected by the

city overhead.

 In Shou Lung, the Impossible Palace of the Silver Domes [837, 246]

disappears. That which remains is renamed the Field of Burnished Bronze.

634 DR Year of Dwindling Darkness

A cabal of evil necromancers overthrow Ilphemons heir and slaughters his

family, bringing an end to the line of the ancient Imaskari lord.

628 DR Year of Empty Crowns

The dwarves of Clan Ironshield abandon the settlement of Andalbruin for

the higher, more defensible Settlestone.

626 DR Year of Oaths Forsaken

A group of outcast Netherese wizards known as the Selskar Order builds a

school of wizardry called the Tower of the Star in the ruins of Andalbruin.

623 DR to 150 DR

The empires of Narfell and Raumathar warred throughout this period. Centu-

ries of warfare culminated in a great decade-long conflagration (beginning in

160 DR) that consumed both

empires and left all manner of

summoned  beings  unchained

upon the face of Faern.

623 DR Year of

Clipped Wings

Early successes by Narfell that

extended the empires reach to

the northern shore of the Alam-

ber  Sea  are  reversed  because

of  an  ill-conceived  invasion

of  Mulhorand  and  a  surprise

attack  by  Raumathars  army.

In  order  to  halt  the  empires

decline, legions of demons are

summoned and openly march

with  Narfells  armies  for  the

first time.

 The  Kingdom  of  Durpar

is  founded  under  Maharajah

Udandwi, uniting all the trad-

ing  communities  along  the

northern  coast  of  the  Golden

Water.

Organization of Thought

41

670 DR Year of Un-

furled Sails

The last Emperor Chin of the

Li Dynasty in Shou Lung dies

without heir. Defying his ances-

tors, he passes on the affairs of

office to his wu jen advisor, a

follower of the Path of Enlight-

enment.  The  advisor  becomes

the first Emperor Chin of the

Ho (Peace) Dynasty.

669 DR Year of

Summer Frosts

First Emperor Chin of the Ho

Dynasty  proclaims  the  Orga-

nization of Thought, in which

he  seeks  to  make  the  Path  of

Enlightenment  the  only  faith

of  Shou  Lung.  The  Time  of

Contentions  begins,  as  rival

faiths battle each other in the

bureaucracy, among the popu-

lace, and finally on the battle-

field as temple militias contest

in small civil wars.

AGE OF HUMANITY

669: Organization of Thought

A scroll made of precious Ra-Khati vellum was recovered from the rubble of the Shou Embassy in Elversult following its destruc-

tion by the storm drake Hathaulanyx in the Year of Rogue Dragons (1373 DR). The face of the scroll bears the seal of First

Emperor Chin of the Ho Dynasty, as well as his official proclamation canonizing the Organization of Thought in Year 581 of

the Shou Calendar:

Read herein a proclamation of the Ministry of Faith on behalf of his Most Powerful Celestial Majesty. In this year of the Ding Hai,

in the month of Lotan, on the first day of Matu, the Celestial One decrees that an organization hereafter called the Organization of

T hought shall be formed. From this day forward, no Shou may espouse a faith other than the Path of Enlightenment. Any monk of the

Nine Travelers, tao of the Way, or infidel of any rogue sect is hereby banished from the Empire of the Dragon. Recall the blessed

teachings etched on the stone bluffs above the Hungtse and embrace them. Heed these divine words of the Celestial Emperor and go

with the blessing of the Nine Immortals.

T hiri Pawara Madarit

Royal Abbot of the Celestial Bureaucracy

The following hastily penned note was found on the reverse side of this scroll.

Wareru,

T he palace is no longer safe for the Chung Hsiang Tao. T his night I retreat from Hsi-Feng to the northern wilderness. Per our

arrangement, you must see to the safety and honor of Tarabya and the children. T hey must not know of my flight, else the emperor will

surely have them executed. I travel north to rally the Order of Nga Han Nuak. I shall return with an army five thousand strong and

claim the Jade T hrone for my own. Be safe, brother, and may the spirits of the Way protect you.

Hui Ying

 BR J

620 DR Year of Noble Souls

After more than sixty years of negotiations, Calimshans syl-pasha strikes

some  confidential  trade  agreements  with  the  Matron  Mother  of  Gualli-

durth, the closest drow city, in exchange for the withdrawal of her forces

from beneath Calimport and the other Calishite cities. The withdrawal takes

another ninety years, since not all forces answer to the Matron Mother of

Guallidurth, and a house rebellion within that city also adds fuel to the Night

Wars [691, 530].

 In Shou Lung, the first Emperor Chin of the Ho Dynasty perishes myste-

riously, along with his son. The grandson becomes the second Emperor Chin

and announces the Time of Sharing Meals. Temple militias are outlawed and

religious freedom encouraged. The Time of Contentions ends, and the Path of

Enlightenment is established as the official faith of Shou Lung. This edict is

less effective in the south, but the Path of Enlightenment becomes the major

faith over the next thousand years.

612 DR Year of Sudden Mourning

The  coronal  of  Cormanthors  seventh  son,  Eltargrim,  is  born  in

Semberholme.

585 DR Year of Rumbling Earth

The troll warlord Harska Thaug gathers a horde of trolls and orcs, which he

leads south from the Spine of the World to assault the elf realm of Rilithar.

On its way, the horde attacks the Tower of the Star. The defenders summon the

slaad lord Bazim-Gorag, known as the Firebringer, who destroys the horde.

584 DR Year of Pyramids

Harska Thaug gathers another horde and overruns the Tower of the Star,

bringing an end to the Selskar Order.

569 DR Year of Silken Sabers

Calishite trading ships laden with unknown luxuries dock at Sheirtalar [690,

656] for the first time. This event ushered in an era of trade and prosperity

along the shores of the Shining Sea. Lapal [690, 373] tribal encampments

soon become cities.

555 DR Year of Furtive Magics

The gnomes of Songfarla [3149, 496] come under attack from the demon

armies of Narfell. The gnomes repel the first assaults and then veil their

city  with  powerful  illusions,  preventing  further  attacks  and  hiding  them

from the rest of Faern.

42

AGE OF HUMANITY

553 DR Year of Plentiful Wine

Tashluta  and  the  Tashalar  are  settled  by  Lapal  field  hands  and  Calishite

merchants.

438 DR to 122 DR

A great war breaks out between the Tabaxi and Eshowe tribes. At its close, the

remaining tribes are assimilated into the Tabaxi tribe, whose diverse peoples

550 DR Year of Glistening Dust

King Azkuldar III of Ammarindar secretly creates the Xothol [286], an

arcane college charged with guarding against the increasingly antagonistic

Netherese.

547 DR Year of Toppled Trees

In Shou Lung, the first recorded appearance of the Giants in Grey

[392]huge humanoid figures dressed in concealing gray cloaks

and accompanied by thick fog. A massive earthquake destroys the

province they are sighted in soon after their appearance.

530 DR Year of Meager Means

The Night Wars [620] draw to a close, and the drow

never again gain more than a remote toehold in the

surface lands. In all, more than 75,000 humans

and  other  beings  are  captured  and  enslaved

by the drow during these conflicts. Many of

their descendants become skulks. More than

150,000  others  die  fighting  the  deep  elves,

though nearly as many drow and duergar die

during the wars as well.

d

n

a

l

g

n

E

e

n

y

a

W

y

b

n

o

i

t

a

r

t

s

u

l

l

I

511 DR Year of Dangerous Icicles

Deep Imaskar [2481, 799] is freed from the

necromancer-lords by the charismatic champion

Chaschara. She declares herself Lady Protector

of the Realm.

c. 500 DR

In the North, Citadel Sundbarr is constructed

by the dwarves of Delzoun. Like Adbar to the

north,  the  citadel  is  mostly  subterranean,

with only a few structures on the surface.

496 DR Year of Hidden Ways

After  slowly  dwindling  for  millennia,  the

population of Songfarla [555] begins to swell

with the arrival of four deep gnome clansthe

Covarrkar, the Fungusfoot, the Glasszhorm, and

the Longstepper clans.

489 DR to 371 DR

Seven Sigils War: Rdiuz, a Netherese domain situated along the

Gods Legion Mountains, builds the mighty floating citadel of Meigg and

marches its troops through Cats Gate [1368] to conquer settlements within

the Outlands. Planar beings, more powerful than the archwizards, send their

armies through the portal into Netheril, leading to a century of conflict.

470 DR Year of Perditions Flame

The Shadow Wars, pitting Cormanthyr and Rystall Wood against the Twisted

Tower [750, 331], begin.

461 DR Year of Bold Pioneers

The phaerimms [33800, 427] begin casting the spells that eventually lead

to the creation of the Great Desert of Anauroch and the abandonment of

Low Netheril.

446 DR Year of Treasured Moments

Calimshans dominance of the Lake of Steam and the Shining Sea comes to

an end with the near total destruction of the Calishite Armada in Calimports

harbor. The resulting fires destroy over 70 percent of the city as winds carry

sparks and flames to the wooden domes of many buildings.

43

become known collectively as Chultans.

427 DR Year of Breaking Storms

The spells of the phaerimms [461, 370] bring down

the floating cities of Lhaoda and Tith Tilen-

drothael. The other Netherese enclaves set

up wards against this form of attack.

425 DR Year of Ancestral

Voices

Netherese settlers refound Illusk [2103, 354]

as a magocracy. The ruling group of arcanists,

known as the Grand Cabal, names Fynran the

Flamelord as high arcanist and ruler.

 Paladins of Osiris destroy the Mulhorandi

city of Sekras [1183].

420 DR Year of Manacles

In  Shou  Lung,  the  last  of  the  Ho

Dynasty is humbled before the armies

of the maritime Karatin Province. The

warlord  of  that  province  ascends  the

throne as the first Emperor Chin of the

Hai (Ocean) Dynasty.

417 DR Year of Harbors Lights

When the Kasada line collapses for lack of an

heir, the regency searches for a suitable relative

and  settles  on  the  Goshukara  family.  The

first  emperor  of  Goshukara  is  crowned  on

the island nation of Wa.

 Wa calendar begins.

412 DR Year of Weary Kings

The Orlson Dynasty in Sers ends, and the

crown of Aryselmalyr passes to House Ves-

ahliir of the barony of Naramyr [771].

Bazim-Gorag,

the Firebringer

408 DR Year of Sleeping Dragons

Karsus [674, 339] discovers heavy magic. In the

process of experimenting with it, he slays Wulgreth

of Netheril [286], a renegade arcanist, and transforms

him into a lich.

c. 400 DR

Around this time, the Lost Sage Augathra the Mad travels the world. She

divines many of the names in the Roll of Years, building on the work of other

prophets, particularly those of the Netherese wizard known as the Terraseer

[3654]. During the day, her visions cause her to devise the Roll of Years upon

which the seer Alaundo [75] built his work, but at nightgripped by fevered

nightmaresshe scribes a different set of names. These dark visions drive her

travels, and as they continue she grows ever more insane, thus earning her

moniker. This second set of year names, the Black Chronology, is a secret lost

with Augathra and remains undiscovered for over 1,000 years.

400 DR Year of Gilded Sky

The ancient black dragon Thauglorimorgorus [205] the Black Doom, King

of the Forest Country, notes the arrival of elves in his lands.

395 DR Year of Ashen Faces

Fildaerae the Night Flame, laranla (ruler) of Ardeep, is slain in orc raids.

Her grandniece Imdalace succeeds her as laranla of Ardeep.

AGE OF HUMANITY

44

AGE OF HUMANITY

45

AGE OF HUMANITY

394 DR Year of Clouded Vision

The island of Wa is discovered by the empires to the west (Shou Lung and Tu

Lung). Cham Ko Hag, a native of Tu Lung, is the mariner credited with the

discovery. (His nationality is usually obscured in Shou Lung texts.)

393 DR Year of the Burning Winds

An unknown wizard, believed to be a renegade arcanist of Netheril or from

another plane, unites the goblinkin of the Windy Plains (present-day southern

Anauroch) by force. He styles himself Great Hlundadim and names the realm

Hlundadim [87] after himself.

392 DR Year of Lanterns

The Giants in Grey [547, 270] are sighted in the Imperial Compound in

Shou Lung.

391 DR Year of Squalid Scarecrows

In Shou Lung, the first Emperor Chin of the Hai Dynasty and his household

die from the Ivory Plague. The emperors young grandson survives, as does

the emperors sister. She masquerades as the emperor, aided in this ruse by the

bureaucracy and various good spirits, until the grandson is old enough to rule.

The emperors sister then reveals her true identity and flees the city, never

to be seen again. Her rule is now recognized as that of the second Emperor

The Battle of Boiling Mud

The following text is a translation of some Draconic runes inscribed on a topaz dragons scale that was held in the clenched fist

of an unholy hand of Bane. This artifact was hidden in a secret vault deep beneath the Black Lords Altar in Mulmaster.

In the Year of Boiling Moats, my demesne extended south

as far as the Lake of the Long Arm and west as far as the

Giants Run Mountains. Through the heart of my lands ran

a sluggish river thick with mud, which the local savages

formed into crude pottery for sale to Jhaamda-

than merchants from the south. Their num-

bers  had  swelled  with  the  accelerating

diaspora from Low Netheril, and I

suffered them to live on the fetid

fields of Rezamark in exchange

for regular tithes to my hoard.

In  the  thick  heat  of  the  late

summer,  a  tenday  deluge

caused  the  River  Reza

to  overflow  its  banks

and inundate the land.

When the rains finally

stopped,  the  newly

formed  lake  began

to bubble and boil,

and  the  savages

began to whisper

that the ancient

god Borem had

manifested in

my land.

Shortly

thereaf-

ter,  a  trio

of  adven-

turers

from  the

northa pow-

erful warrior, a

stealthy killer, and a necroman-

cercame to my court and prostrated

themselves  before  me.  The  warrior

wielded a simple iron blade that rip-

pled with arcane energy. In exchange

for passage through my demesne, the

Borem of the

Lake of

Boiling Mud

I

l

l

u

s

t

r

a

t

i

o

n

b

y

A

n

d

r

e

w

H

o

u

trio offered to slay the divine interloper and bear his heart

away from my lands.

The land itself seemed to object to their progress, unleash-

ing great geysers of boiling mud in their path, but

still  the  three  adventurers  pressed  on  to  the

heart of the morass. When they disappeared

from my scrying pools, I knew that they

had at last bearded Borem in the planar

quagmire where he laired. The three

returned to my kingdom atop a

great geyser of boiling red mud,

clutching  Borems  still-beat-

ing  heart.  I  allowed  them

to  flee  toward  the  sea,

where  a  galley  crewed

by  a  legion  of  skel-

etal servitors awaited

them.  From  there,

they rowed north

toward Corman-

thor, leaving a

lake  of  red

mud and a

horde  of

terrified

savages

in their

wake.

Borem

of  the

Lake  of

Boiling

Mud  was  no  more,  slain

by the dagger of the Netherese

Cult of Jathiman. Better still,

the trioand most of the sav-

ageswere  gone  from  my

domain forever.

 ELB

46

AGE OF HUMANITY

Chin,  and  her  grandnephew  is  considered  the  third  Emperor  Chin  of  the

Hai Dynasty. From this time on, if no male heirs are of age, it is custom

for a suitable female heir to rule until a male heir comes of age. The ruler is

referred to as emperor, regardless of sex.

387 DR Year of Shattered Walls

Calishite-controlled Zazesspur is sacked in a surprise attack by Tethyrian bar-

barians. Two of the pashas sons are slain, and ten years of massive retaliations

by the Calishites begin. The First Age of Tethyr begins. Zazessovertan falls

to the united Tethyrian clan armies and is looted shortly before Zazesspur

is sacked and burned.

379 DR Year of Dancing Idols

Hobgoblin tribes of the south unite under one leader and form their own realm

in the ruins of Holorarar, a former subkingdom of Shanatar.

375 DR Year of Clutching Dusk

The  Empire  Plague  strikes  the  southern  Shining  Coast  and  lasts  for  five

terrible years. Pasha Khalid el Axash of Calimshan dies, ending the Axash

Dynasty. He is succeeded by his cousin Syl-Pasha Akkab el Evyrtaan, whose

first  command  is  to  put  Calimport  to  the  torch  to  combat  the  threat  of

plague. The fires, for the first time in centuries, refuse to burn, and the new

syl-pasha is forced to flee Calimport.

 The city of Myth Dyraalis is founded in the present-day Forest of Mir as

a safe haven for elves and gnomes fleeing from their enemies.

374 DR Year of Shattering

With Calimport all but abandoned due to the plague it blamed on Jhaamdath,

priests of Talona attempt to conquer the city and plunder its riches to build a

temple to their goddess of poisons. Many of those who remain in Calimport

are rogues, escaped slaves, and necromancers. For a time, the capital becomes

known as the Rogues City.

373 DR Year of Whispering Stones

The Basilica of Night, Shars impressive seat of power in Calimport, remains

one of the few places in the city that is not fully controlled by Talona. Skir-

mishes around the temple in the Joadhruz Sabban (now the Sabban Bakkal)

grow more and more violent. In Eleint of this year, the Basilica finally falls

to Talonas forces, but Shars priests collapse the temple upon their foes. The

bulk  of  the  temples  wealth  and  reliquaries  are  moved  to  their  new  home

within  an  ancient  temple  in  the  undercity,  and  it  will  soon  be  called  the

Temple of Old Night.

 Lhesper is founded by Lapal refugees fleeing the Empire Plague that had

beset Lapaliiya [569, 304] two years before.

372 DR Year of Owls Watching

The elves of Eaerlann found Ascalhorn [4500, 333].

371 DR Year of Bruins

Although he has already survived for centuries, Ioulaum [2954, 339] embraces

lichdom and establishes a heavily fortified lair in the Northdark.

c. 370 DR

Work begins on Citadel Adbar, since the Narrow Seas destruction by phaerimm

[427, 354] lifedrain magic leaves Delzouns eastern front exposed.

370 DR Year of Rent Armor

The Empire Plague ends early in this year. By the end of Hammer, Syl-Pasha

Akkab el Evyrtaan reenters Calimport and initiates a bloodbath that destroys

all those who remain in the city as traitors or plague carriers. Many folk,

including the clergy of Talona that ruled the city, survive by fleeing into

the undercity.

361 DR Year of Mageserpents

A band of ophidians stumbles across the ruins of an ancient sarrukh city,

hidden beneath what is now the western end of the Forest of Wyrms. During

their explorations, the ophidians discover the Naja Fountain, an ancient sar-

rukh artifact guarded by a powerful ha-naga named Terpenzi. Claiming to

be the prophet of the World Serpent, Terpenzi proclaims himself King of

Najara and begins a decades-long campaign to subjugate the scattered tribes

of ophidians.

354 DR Year of Many Maws

The first recorded clash between the sharns [329] and the phaerimms [370,

351] occurs in Anauroch.

 The arcanist Melathlar flees Netheril and travels to Illusk [425, 350].

Fearing  phaerimm  assaults,  he  sacrifices  his  life  to  power  a  mighty  work

of the Art that raises the great stone Host Tower [95], walls, and powerful

spellwards around this fledgling settlement.

351 DR Year of Dark Roads

As  the  life-draining  spells  of  the  phaerimms  [354,  350]  rapidly  despoil

central  Netheril,  several  Netherese  arcanists  abandon  their  demesnes  and

begin  searching  for  a  place  to  build  a  city  in  the  Underdark,  beneath  the

western wilderness.

 Civil unrest begins to increase in many of Low Netherils cities.

c. 350 DR

The Netherese migration to Illusk [354, 111] reaches its peak as settlers

from many towns in Low Netheril travel west to escape the depredations of

the phaerimms.

350 DR Year of Craven Words

Three mighty phaerimm [351, 100] sorcerers subvert the beholders of Ooltul

(and have lived and ruled there ever since).

349 DR Year of Bold Poachers

The Netherese wizard Saldrinar destroys Kisonraathiisar, the topaz dragon

ruler of Westgate [286], and becomes the citys first human king.

348 DR Year of Moon Madness

The archwizard Xolund the Maker instills sentience into the mythallar of

the Netherese enclave of Sakkors [339].

345 DR Year of Good Courage

Arthindol the Terraseer [2375] appears for the final time. Upon arriving

in the enclave of Karsus, he warns that the goddess Mystryl is about to face

her  greatest  challengeone  that  could  alter  the  Netherese  perception  of

magic for all time.

343 DR Year of Chilled Marrow

The arctic dwarves of Dareth [2320, 329] come under attack from Hoar-

faern, a realm of white dragons and their bestial servant creatures, and are

forced to flee to deeper caverns.

339 DR Year of Sundered Webs

Ioulaum [371, 329] of Netheril abandons his floating city for his lair in the

depths of the Northdark while civil unrest peaks in Low Netheril.

 Fall of Netheril: Nearly all of the Netherese enclaves fall to the earth and

are destroyed due to disruptions in the Weave brought about by the casting

of the spell Karsuss avatar and the subsequent death of the goddess Mystryl.

The body of the momentary god Karsus [408, 298] falls to earth in the

eastern region of the High Forest.

 The  Netherese  floating  cities  of  Selnarra  and  Thultanthar  [1471,

1372]  escape  the  destruction  of  Netheril  by  transporting  their  enclaves

and entire populations to the Gates of the Moon and the Plane of Shadow

respectively.

 The archwizard Aumvor is transported by contingency magics to his secret

lair in the heart of the High Forest, where he undergoes the transformation

to lichdom.

 The Sargauth Enclave [750, 1148] in present-day Undermountain is par-

tially destroyed as a result of Karsuss Folly, and the Netherese arcanists that

survive are twisted into magically potent undead that will become known as

the Skulls of Skullport.

47

AGE OF HUMANITY

 A huge whirlpool is created from the surface of the Inner Sea down to the

mythal at Myth Nantar [1399, 238] in Sers, destroying many buildings and

dragging surface ships to watery graves. The Netherese enclaves of Nhalloth

and Sakkors [348, 1374] crash into the Inner Sea and are destroyed.

 The archwizard Larloch escapes the destruction of his floating enclave

Jiksidur, which crashes on the northern borders of Narfell. He discovers the

ruins of Orbedal, the floating enclave of his rival Rhaugilath the Ageless,

and builds present-day Warlocks Crypt [1351]. He also discovers the remains

of Rhaugilath, whom he binds to his will after a fierce battle, making him

the first of his many lich servitors.

 Establishment of the Netherese survivor states of Anauria, Asram, and

Hlondath as well as the underground city of Philock in the middle Underdark

beneath the Wood of Sharp Teeth.

 The archwizard Raumark leads a flight of Netherese skyships far to the

south to settle the Halruaan basin.

349: Kisonraathiisars Slow Demise

The following transcript is a translation of some Draconic runes inscribed on the scaled corpse of Kisonraathiisar, which was

hidden in a secret subbasement below Castle Thalavar in the city of Westgate.

For five days I have struggled against these eldritch bonds, but I have been unable

to move a muscle thanks to my tormentor, Saldrinara mewling meat wizard from

the South. Each day, another of his infernal spells is triggered by the previous one,

granting me a brief moment of agonizing lucidity before I lapse back into a timeless

sleep. I suspect that I can last no more than another day or two, but knowing that my

time is nigh, I try to use these brief moments to manifest my last thoughts as runes

upon my scales.

While Saldrinars two-legged ants swarm across my kingdom and slaughter the

tribes of dragonkin that I have carefully nurtured into stewards of my demesne, I

see Nulls dull claws inexorably crushing the future that I had hoped to create. For

millennia, my kind has labored to build kingdoms that might survive the King-Kill-

ers Baleful Eye. But just as I stood upon the cusp of escaping that curse, my plans

were laid low by a scion of those arrogant Netherese fools. This Saldrinar cares not

for the work of ages; he seeks only to steal what he cannot build and claim what is

not his to own.

In the desperate hope that another of Asgoraths children might chance upon my

remains and seek what I have found, I now reveal my most precious piece of knowl-

edge: The Hills of the Seven Lost Gods are not what they first seem. Each of the

seven rings of standing stones dates back to the last days of the Reign of Dragons,

when the elder wyrms sought to reverse what the elves had wrought. My ancestors

tried to focus the Weave into a weapon of unparalleled might that could shatter the

Drifting Stars into clouds of rubble in the heavens above. But they scored only a

glancing blow on the moon that circles our world, leaving only a string of tears and

an inland sea to mark their failure. Now reason is once again undone by rage, and

all that dragons have wrought crumbles slowly into dust.

 ELB

48

AGE OF HUMANITY

338 DR Year of Guttering Torches

The  Bey  of  Runlatha  and  the  dwarves  of  Ascore  lead  Netherese  refugees

from  Runlatha  to  safety  through  the  underground  passage  known  as  the

Lowroad. The refugees migrate farther west, hoping to found a new realm

to the west of Delzoun.

335 DR Year of Seven Spirits

The arcanist Maerin of Illusk commissions Immar Fardelver and many other

artisans of Delzoun to begin construction of the great subterranean city of

Gauntlgrym [321] in the Crags, to the east of Illusk.

327 DR Year of Opened Graves

The shield dwarves of Clan Shattered Shield arrive in Dareth [318] to find

their arctic dwarf cousins beset by the forces of Hoarfaern. They rescue the

surviving folk of Dareth and retreat to a lone mountain which they name

Mount Sundabar in honor of their home in Delzoun. They commence build-

ing a fortress of their own there and elect Embryn Shattered Shield as their

king. He leaves his clan to take the name of Dareth.

325 DR Year of Crown Hatred

Netherese wanderers found the settlement of Hartsvale in the Ice Mountains

to the east of the Coldwood.

334 DR Year of Three Seas Rage

The  dwarves  build  Besendars  Block-

house [104] on the site that will

become present-day Everlund.

 A group of Netherese arcanists

establishes the city of Helbrester

in the Nelanther Isles.

o

n

o

y

L

d

r

a

w

H

y

b

n

o

i

t

a

r

t

s

u

l

l

I

333 DR Year of

Humbling Havens

Ascalhorn and Citadel Sun-

dbarr  accept  human  refu-

gees  from  Netheril.  As

the  Narrow  Sea  dries  up,

the dwarves begin the slow

abandonment  of  Ascore.

The elves of Eaerlann allow

other Netherese refugees to

settle  in  Ascalhorn  [372,

515].

331 DR Year of

Shadows Fleeting

The  elf  armies  of  the

Coronals Tannivh of Cor-

manthyr  and  Connak  of

Rystall Wood finally break

the greater defenses of the

Twisted  Tower  [470,  479]

and  destroy  all  remaining

drow slavers within the tower.

The tower is left in the hands

of good dark elf allies, and it

is a great temple to Eilistraee

within a century. The Soldiers

Blade [500] is lost during this

great  battle,  captured  by  the

drow in their slaying of Lord

Orym  Hawksong  during  the

fall of the Twisted Tower. The

blade  and  the  body  of  Lord

Orym are taken down into the

Underdark as spoils of war by the

fleeing drow.

Kisonraathiisars slow demise

323 DR Year of Unseen

Doom

The white dragons of Hoarfaern

attack Mount Sundabar with potent

magic items of unknown, elder

origin,  shattering  the  peak

and laying waste to the dwarf

fortress  there.  The  surviving

dwarves commence a guerrilla

war  against  the  dragons  of

Hoarfaern and their servitor

creatures.

321 DR Year of

Hollow Hills

Gauntlgrym

[335,

111]  is  completed  by

the dwarves of Delzoun

in this year, and the arcan-

ist  Maerin  of  Illusk  welcomes

humans  from  Illusk,  Netherese

refugees from Runlatha and Sund-

abar who have made the long

trek  west,  and  dwarves  of

Clan Goldspire of Delzoun

to live in the city.

320 DR Year of

Netted Dreams

The  ophidians  of  Najara

summon  the  Hsstafi  tribe

of yuan-ti from the southern

jungles  of  Chult  to  increase

their strength against the rising

power of the Netherese survivor

states. The yuan-ti establish them-

selves as Najaras ruling caste.

318 DR Year of

Crying Wolves

The dwarves of Dareth [327]

and the white dragons of Hoarfaern

destroy  each  other  in  a  final  climactic  battle

on the broad mountaintop now known as Heroes Height, bringing this

dwarf kingdom to an end.

315 DR Year of Vengeance

Hu Ling Do of Tu Lung writes his famous Hsao Chronicles. His writings

encourage a strong following of the Way in the south.

310 DR Year of Glassharks

In  gratitude  for  their  aid  in  the  Shadow  Wars,  the  coronal  allows  some

reformed, surface-acclimated drow to settle in remote lands of Cormanthyr

to the east of Cormanthor.

330 DR Year of Empty Quests

The Bey of Runlatha dies near Delzouns western border while battling the

nalfeshnee Zukothoth. The Runlathan refugees fragment into loosely allied

family groups and revert to a primitive way of life. These groups become the

precursors of the Uthgardt [95] tribes of the modern era.

329 DR Year of Ice re

Dwarves of Clan Shattered Shield of Citadel Sundbarr flee their mines and

workings in the Ice Mountains due to the approach of a group of renegade

dwarves from Citadel Felbarr [1900, 273], believed to be afflicted with a dis-

ease known as the slaying slumber. They begin a titanic trek eastward across

the High Ice to the kingdom of Dareth [343, 327].

49

AGE OF HUMANITY

306 DR Year of Wan Shades

Shadows emancipated from their masters reclaim their identities and strike

at Netherese undead across Faern.

304 DR Year of Erupting Crypts

The serpent god Sseth, an avatar of Merrshaulk, founds the yuan-ti empire of

Serpentes [189] amid the ruins of the ancient sarrukh empire of Mhairshaulk

[24000]. Serpentes immediately begins to wage war against the humans of

Lapaliiya [373, 34], weakened by the Empire Plague.

300 DR Year of Cold Anger

The Sossrim humans of the Armridge Mountains defeat an invasion of frost

giants led by the chieftain Orbrud of the Pines with the aid of wind elemen-

tal-borne warriors sent by Arkhan Tallos of Raumathar. The Sossrim [1648,

331] pledge their fealty to the realm of Raumathar.

306: The Year of Wan Shades

This excerpt is taken from A Wandering Halflings Tales: Simple Conversations Ive Overheard in Halls Grimy and Grand,

published in 862 DR. All copies except the one in the House of Knowledge itself have long since been destroyed.

You wish to know of my

lifeof the day I was slain

and rose as a mere shadow

of my former self? asked

the shadow sorceress. You

humans  are  always  so

eager to dangle your toes

in the crabs hole.

Well, my life, such

as it isor mayhap it

is best to say is not

began  again  in  the

Year of Wan Shades.

I fancy that Augathra

the  Mad  must  have

foreseen  me  when  she

named that year.

I was but a young sorceress

from Rystall Wood struggling

to  master  my  magic  in  the

wake of Karsuss Folly. While

searching  a  Netherese  ruin

for a tome of wicked Art, my

companions and I chanced upon

the  shadow  of  a  dead  Neth-

erese  arcanist.  Quite  simply,

the creature killed me. In a

breath, I too was one of

the undeadbut not

before my companions

had slain the creature

that felled me.

The arcanist was not the

only  shadow  there,  and  I  was

not her only spawnin fact, she

was  responsible  for  a  veritable  army

of  undead.  Her  destruction  set  us  all

free to search out our pasts, and many of

usmyself includeddid so. At first, most

of us were lost, but then we chanced upon the

one known as the Unseen Protector. I see you

know of him.

Palarandusk  was  not  so  different  from  us.  He

too had found his way to freedom after being crushed

50

I

l

l

u

s

t

r

a

t

i

o

n

b

y

S

a

m

W

o

o

d

by Netherese magic. He had worked out

spells that could maintain his

own strength of mind, even as

his  body  grew  more

insubstantial.  For

a  time,  he  helped

those of us he could

find with his magic.

With  his  aid,  a

number  of  us  sought

out the ruins of Netheril

and  worked  to  put  that

nations remaining undead

to rest. Many of us were

destroyedsome in battle

with  the  other  fallen,

others  at  the  hands  of

noble  clerics  and  family

members who could not

countenance our deathly

life.  Because  of  this

mass  destruction

coupled  with  our

rejection of evil, we

came to be seen as

weakor, as the phrase

goes, wan.

I never returned to

the Rystall Woods,

though I have trav-

eled  to  Corman-

thor and beyond.

I  see  that  you  wish

to  know  more  of  the

Sun  Dragon,  young

Sammaster,  said  the

shadow  with  a  gleam  in

her eyes. But first, you must

share a secret with me, or I

shall have my raven Tillatal

peck out your eyes.

Anastrianna Galanodel,

a wan shade

 TC

AGE OF HUMANITY

298 DR Year of Nine Watchers

The Cult of Karsus [339] founds the city of Karse [286] in the depths of

the High Forest.

294 DR Year of Sundry Violence

Coronal Luszoch rises to power in Aryselmalyr and makes many veiled threats

to all allied and subject powers during his first tour of his empire in Sers.

Although no one acts outwardly, all forces prepare for war but wait for the

belligerent coronal to make the wrong move.

289 DR Year of Shattered Havens

The Thinguth are enslaved by the yuan-ti of the Sseradess and Sauringar

tribes and dispersed across all of greater Thindol, which at this time includes

lands now claimed by Samarach.

288 DR Year of Eight Lightnings

Calimshan accedes independence to Tethyr and its people.

286 DR Year of Foul Awakenings

Westgate [349, 480] falls during the course of a single night to a small army

of elite mercenaries led by the vampire Orlak.

 The Xothol is closed. [-550]

 Bitter disputes among the inhabitants of Karse [298, 883] eventually lead

to the destruction and abandonment of the city. Wulgreth of Netheril [408],

a Netherese lich arcanist, takes up residence in the ruins.

281 DR Year of the Silvered Thoughts

The despotic Coronal Luszoch Vesahliir dies of poisoning, his senior general

killing his lifelong friend for the sake of the Sers empire and peace. Rule

falls to his pacifistic Dukar son, Esahl, who promises reforms in Aryselmalyr

so the other races can eventually lead themselves.

280 DR Year of the Impudent Kin

In Shou Lung, pirate activities in the Celestial Sea result in proclamation

by the sixth Emperor Chin of the Hai Dynasty of the Scattering of Winds,

demanding that the warlords of the island of Wa swear fealty to the emperor.

They refuse, and the emperor begins massing his fleet.

 The Raumathari found Almorel [1369].

278 DR Year of the Ruling Scepter

Wa builds castles and fortifies its coastline in anticipation of an invasion from

the King of the Western Lands.

276 DR Year of Over owing Casks

A bloody coup in Jhaamdath replaces the psiocracy of bladelords with a militant

emperor, who commands the building of a great navy on the Inner Sea.

 Jhaamdathan loggers come into conflict with the elves of the Chondalwood.

Over the next twenty years, Jhaamdathan forces hunt down and slaughter

the elves.

 Hundreds of dissenters among the church of Auppenser are imprisoned.

Some are publicly executed for treason, but most are released after being altered

with mind-affecting psionics that instill loyalty to Emperor Dharien. Church

protest over the new regime declines, and many members go into hiding.

275 DR Year of the Grinning Pack

Multiple attacks by Shou Lung against the various strongholds of Wa result

in capture of the north and south. The sixth Emperor Chin moves against

the center with land armies and the collection of his fleets.

274 DR to 225 DR

Cycle of Black Years: In Tu Lung, this period is marked by continual inva-

sions from the south, incursions by petty lords from the north, blights, floods

on the Fenghsintzu, and crop failures. Only regions where the local feudal

lords remain in power retain some semblance of order. It is from these feudal

lords that the barons of the south take their mandate to rule. Here is the

first mention in records of the Wai and Yang clans, which were to shape the

recent history of the nation.

274 DR Year of the Purring Pard

Death of the sixth and last Emperor Chin of the Hai Dynasty of Shou Lung

and his court in the last battle of Wa. The Shou Lung land armies overrun

the Wa forces, but the emperors fleet runs aground on reefs hidden by the

dweomercraft  of  the  opposing  warlords  wu  jen.  The  ships  pilot,  a  gaijin

named  Rourke,  recovers  the  Emblems  of  Imperial  Authority  but  is  slain

upon return to the Imperial City. The Emblems disappear, and the Black

Cycle of Years begins.

273 DR Year of the Dancing Faun

Following years of tension with Shou Lung, General Ysohibei of the island

nation of Wa accepts a truce from the Shou Lung governor of the north

and sets himself up as warlord of the province. For the next century, Wa is

wracked by warfare, beginning with conflicts between the nobles of Wa and

the  Shou  Lung  governors.  Eventually,  the  Shou  Lung  governors  become

indistinguishable from their subjects, owing more allegiance to the Emperor

of Wa than to the Emperor of Shou Lung. During this time the Order of

the Snake, a mysterious organization of powerful warriors, gains footholds

in all levels of the new governments.

 The Jhaamdathan emperor orders the military to seize those udoxias still

in possession of the church. Hundreds of citizens loyal to the church bar

the military from entering the temples. After a short standoff the emperor

concedes, ordering his troops to stand down.

272 DR Year of the Songstones

Citadel Adbar is completed.

270 DR Year of the Winter Wolf

The Giants in Grey [392] are reported throughout the Shou Lung empire.

Crops fail as a blight strikes the coastal lowlands.

267 DR Year of Crumbling Caverns

A powerful earthquake severs the link between ruined Tzindylspar [665, 620]

and the surface and opens new passages into the Fardrimm (the underground

tunnel network linking the North and the areas beneath Anauroch).

265 DR Year of Burgeoning Victory

A criminal family in Kai Shan seizes control of the city, declaring their own

sovereignty. Such city-states are common during the Black Cycle of Years, but

Kai Shan survives semi-independent to this day, because it aided and supported

Wo Mai [240], a noble from a neighboring province, in his adventures.

264 DR Year of Scriveners

The city of Gharrent, led by church members, attempts to secede from the

empire.  It  is  denounced  as  rebellious  by  the  emperor  of  Jhaamdath,  who

immediately invades the city to crush the rebellion. All suspected rebels are

tried for treason and executed publicly. Gharrents udoxias is removed by the

emperor and hidden.

256 DR Year of Able Warriors

Satama, a Durpari trader, begins preaching the Adama [112], a belief system

still dominant in the Shining South to this day. The Adama, or the One,

is the embodiment of the spirit found in all things, from rocks and plants to

animals and even the gods; all creatures and objects on Toril are considered

manifestations of the Adama. Following the Adama does not preclude wor-

shiping the gods, but encourages fair and just dealings to honor the Adama.

Belief in the Adama promotes the tenets of the faiths of Zionel (Gond), Curna

(Oghma), Lucha (Slune), Torm, and Waukeen.

255 DR Year of Furious Waves

Fall of Jhaamdath: The Twelve Cities of the Sword are destroyed by a gar-

gantuan tsunami raised by the elven High Mages of Nikerymath. This event

reshaped the coastline into the contours of the Vilhon Reach known in the

present day.

Start of the Sixth Sers War: The fall of Jhaamdath sees the destruction

of the undersea city of Coryselmal and the end of the Aryselmalyr Empire.

All the powers once subject to the sea elves vie for control of Sers, and the

Sixth Sers War erupts. [215]

51

AGE OF HUMANITY

252 DR Year of Vindication

Satama is named Maharajah of the Kingdom of Durpar.

fashion. The beast is slain by the Seven Heroes and the Seven Nonmen. Wo

Mai [265, 225] is reported as one of the Heroes.

c. 250 DR

Calimshan, under Syl-Pasha Faud yn Orun el Evyrtaan, reclaims some small

areas and towns among the Arnaden lands of the Lake of Steam, now that

Jhaamdaths control on these lands has fallen along with its primary cities.

247 DR to 238 DR

Procession of Justice: Tyr, god of war and justice, bursts forth from a portal

near modern-day Alaghn in Turmish, then leads a force of two hundred

archons  across  the  Vilhon  Reach  in  an  effort  to  pacify  the  remnants  of

ancient Jhaamdath, which had fallen into lawlessness. Tyrs host slays Valigan

Thirdborn, a lesser deity of anarchy.

238 DR Year of Fortunes Fair

Second Dukars War: After seventeen years of constant skirmishes amid all

the powers of the central sea (and a resurgence of the sahuagin presence due

to lack of order at the Pillars of the Trident), the Orders of Jhimari and

Numos take proactive steps toward maintaining the peace by attempting

to  found  a  Dukar  kingdom  centered  on  Myth  Nantar called  Nantarum.

[339, 220]

236 DR Year of Unfriendly Ports

The tribes in Gundavar are united under Rajah Bhesti I, and the Kingdom

of Gundavar is founded.

246 DR Year of Much Cheer

In Shou Lung, the Impossible Palace of the Silver Domes [649, 560] reap-

pears for two weeks, then disappears again.

231 DR Year of the Ringed Moon

Three entire clans of elves flee Sers to save their lives and those of their

children, migrating to Lake Sember within the elf nation of Cormanthyr.

243 DR Year of the Rack

Tyrs actions and sacrifices during the Procession attract the attention of the

previously obscure Ilmater, who joins forces with Tyr.

241 DR Year of the Sand Shroud

The Veldorn tribethe most prominent in the region between the Golden Water

and the Curna Mountains, as well as along the Liontongue Riverdeclares itself

the Kingdom of Veldorn. Vaelan [1183, 245] is designated as its capital.

240 DR Year of Enslaved Swords

After fifteen years, the worst of the backlash against the sea elves dies down.

Those who survived the attacks from koalinth, merfolk, and locathah zealots,

and the newly returned (and far more evil) morkoth, do so by the use of magic

(including High Magic) and some Dukar protection.

 End of the reign of the Copper Demon of Tros, who held a large section

of western Shou Lung in his thrall for eight years, ruling the land in a brutal

230 DR Year of Loss

Calimshan retakes Calimaronn (Ithmong) and Myratma (Artrimmar). Able

workers (more than a third of the population) of both of these towns are

enslaved and brought to Calimport to work on the new Pashas Palace. The

1,480 warriors among the 5,500 new slaves are all sentenced to the new Djen

Arena, where many of them fight to the death against monsters and each

other for the amusement of the masses.

229 DR Year of the Myrmidon Maid

A formal alliance between Gundavar, Durpar, and Veldorn is established.

227 DR Year of Rangers Lost

Calimport increases in population and area to its largest size ever, its true

citizens numbering more than 75,000. For the next eight centuries, Calimport

remains the largest and most frequented port on Faerns shores.

The destruction of Jhaamdath in 255

52

I

l

l

u

s

t

r

a

t

i

o

n

b

y

W

i

l

l

i

a

m

O

C

o

n

n

o

r



AGE OF HUMANITY

215 DR Year of the Oracle

End of the Sixth Sers War: The new powers of Sers are shalarin Asarem, the

morkoth Theocracy of the Deep Ones, and the merfolk Kingdom of Hmurrath.

The Rise of Hmurrath signals the start of the Third Epoch. [255]

212 DR Year of High Thrones

Battle of the Purple Marches: Myratma falls once again to Tethyrian barbar-

ian clans. Darrom Ithal is crowned King of Tethyr.

206 DR Year of Elfsorrows

Syglaeth  Audark,  last  Coronal  of  Illefarn,  is  murdered  by  raiders  from

Jhachalkyn, a drow city deep beneath the southeastern Neverwinter Woods.

205 DR Year of Good Hunting

Orc  hordes  engulf  Rystall  Wood

throughout the year, the worst hordes

arriving in winter.

 The  Lord  of  Scepters,  Iliphar  Nel-

nueve of House Amaratharr, defeats

the black wyrm Thauglorimorgorus

[400, 1018] in a Feint of Honor

and  is  granted  rule  over  the  elf

realm of Cormanthyr.

c. 200 DR

Candlekeep is founded; Calendar

of Harptos begins.

 The  humans  who  are  to

become the first of the Dalesfolk

cross  the  Dragon  Reach  to  the

southern region of Cormanthor.

200 DR Year of

Stonerising

Syl-Pasha Kalil el Evyrtaan dies

from thousands of viper bites, caused by

a magic trap laid by some of his closest

advisors.  Vizar  Asraf  el  Majizar  rules

over the start of the Fifth Age of Calim-

shan, and Calimport becomes a more

organized city with structured trade

and guilds of skilled workers.

189 DR Year of Sunned Serpents

The lizardfolk/yuan-ti armies of Serpentes

[304,  10]  complete  their  conquest  of  the

Tashalar. Most of the wealthy Calishite expa-

triates flee back to their native land.

Statue of the planetar Resounding Justice

188 DR Year of Wrongful Martyrs

The Throne Wars begin in Calimshan as Syl-Pasha Malik yn Asraf el Majizar

is assassinated and many factions war among themselves for the calephs throne

as Calimport is set ablaze. By years end, fifteen people rise to the throne with

all but one dying.

187 DR Year of Gilded Burials

After the death of twenty-seven other rulers, the Throne Wars of Calimshan

end with the ascension of Tasyn el Tarshaj yi Manshaka to syl-pasha. He and

his family simultaneously conquer the cities of Manshaka, Memnon, Calim-

port, and Almraiven, thus unifying the Pashas Lands for the first time in

nearly two years. A start is made on the rebuilding of Calimport and the

reconquering of the rest of the realm.

182 DR Year of Sleeping Giants

Calimshan, in its attempts to reconquer its old territories around the Lake of

Steam and the Shaar, discovers that the old threat of the beholders has risen

again. Beholders and their cultists control the majority of territory east of

225 DR Year of the Golden Staff

The Black Cycle of Years ends in Shou Lung with the coronation of Wo Mai

[240], a noble claiming descent from Nung Fu himself. Wo Mai recovers the

Emblems of Imperial Authority from the crypts beneath the Imperial City, ral-

lies the armies and other nobles, and crushes the rebellious outlying provinces.

Wo Mai becomes the first Emperor Chin of the Kao (High) Dynasty.

224 DR Year of the Forked Tongues

Defeat of the last invading southern tribes by Shou Lung allows the empire

to reestablish its control in the south. The Black Leopard Cult [830, 253], a

secret society working to aid peasants, is displaced by the warring forces.

223 DR Year of Burning Briars

The  Sixth  Rysar  of  Cormanthor  begins  with  the  realms

greatest warrior, Eltargrim, taking his first steps

toward magic (and High Magic).

 Hui-Po,  a  wu  jen  advi-

sor  to  the  emperor  of

Wa,  attempts  to  create  a

magical  portal  capable  of

whisking  the  emperor  to

safety  in  the  event  of

an  insurrection.  In  the

process,  Hui-Po  inadver-

tently  gates  himself  to  a

mysterious  place  known

as Qui. Unnoticed by the

officers, Hui-Po gathers a

quantity of silk from the

multicolored  bushes  and

returns  to  Wa.  Hui-Po

creates  four  scarves  of

transport  to  Q ui  from

the  silk,  but  before  he

informs  the  emperor  of

his creations, Hui-Po and

his assistants are killed in

a  violent  coup  attempt.

The  scarves  of  transport

are never used; their origin

and function remain a mys-

tery.  They  are  eventually

lost and forgotten, scattered

throughout  Wa  and  possibly

elsewhere in Kara-Tur.

.

e

l

g

n

E

A

n

o

s

a

J

y

b

n

o

i

t

a

r

t

s

u

l

l

I

221 DR Year of Shambling

Shadows

Shadow dragons of Clan Jaezred conquer the drow

city of Chaulssin (beneath the Rauvin Mountains) and enslave the populace.

In the centuries that follow, the drow population is eradicated, twisted into

creatures of shadow and supplanted by wyrm-spawned offspring. The city is

slowly drawn farther and farther into the Plane of Shadow. [634]

 The Ithmong Slaughter: Chief Clovis Ithal leads an assault with the elves

against Ithmong, but dies in the attack. His son, Darrom, rallies the clans

to take the city and slay all Calishites within two miles of it. Darrom Ithal

begins to unite the Tethyrian clans under his leadership.

220 DR Year of the Empty Soul

End of the Second Dukars War: Under mysterious circumstances, the powerful

city-state of Nantarum [238, 720] loses the war for the Hmur Plateau while

under siege from merfolk forces of King Ristan. Forces at the siege noted

only a strange humming rising from the mythal and numerous discharges of

magical energy lighting the night-darkened sea. When the forces swam into

the city, they found the only person alive was the sea elf Dukar Yupal Narlis,

his mind destroyed. His thirty Dukar followers and nobility stood along

the avenue leading to the Council Academy of the Dukars, all transformed

into coral statues with looks of contrition on their faces.

53

AGE OF HUMANITY

Ankhapur and are now pushing their forces west (or immediately up and out

of the Alimir Mountains) in retaliation against the Calishite invasions.

the Mouse is unable to rally support and retires to the wilderness, where it

covertly attempts to thwart the efforts of the Order of the Snake.

178 DR Year of the Cold Quarrel

In  Shou  Lung,  the  second  Emperor  Chin  on  his  ascendancy  declares  the

Spreading of Knowledge, also known as the Opening of Wa. Orders are given

to pacify and redirect the population of Wa in Shou Lung ways. Distrust-

ful of each other and weakened by a century of war, the daimyos of Wa are

easy prey. The Order of the Snake secretly assists with the invasion. Some

of the orders members refuse to participate in the betrayal and form their

own faction called the Order of the Mouse. Small in number, the Order of

170 DR to 166 DR

The Eye Tyrant Wars: Calimshan allies with Tethyr and Iltkazar to fight the

risen beholder powers of the Arnaden.

170 DR Year of Many Eyes

Almraiven falls to beholders within the first three months of the year, and

Suldolphor follows by Greengrass. Though a longer struggle, the beholders

control  the  Spider  Swamp  and  the  southern  Forest  of  Mir  by  the  end  of

Procession of Justice

The following thought images are from a rieldoxia word crystal attributed to Exarch Thelasand IV of fallen Jhaamdath. The

magically preserved crystal was recovered from an excavation outside the village of Urml in the Year of the Spur (1348 DR).

Never shall I forget that bitterly cold morning when I was preaching

to the unwashed plebs from a pinnacle overlooking Beansidhe Hill. From

over my shoulder, a piercing light suddenly washed over the forum, star-

tling the throng. My breath caught as I turned to behold a beautiful

being long thought to be merely legend or myth.

I am the planetar Antonia of Hjrdis, known to mortals as

Resounding Justice said the celestial, and I bring good tidings to you,

Thelasand, fourth of that name. Raising her mighty war sword aloft, she

shouted to the shaken multitude below. Grimjaws is nigh! In the name

of Tyr, this land shall be cleansed of wickedness and anarchy. Then she

turned her gaze back upon me and said, The seed of Valigan Thirdborn

shall be extinguished. Those with evil in your hearts bewareTyrs justice

is both merciful and swift. A great vortex then opened up beyond the 8-

foot-tall planetar, and out marched scores of celestial champions. Shaking

off my disorientation, I found my legs and fled the mound.

Oh, how Beshaba must be cackling at this scion of lost Jhaam-

dath, once favored of Valigan Thirdborn and trusted advisor to Emperor

Dharien. Now I dwell deep within the mosquito-infested Wetwood, cap-

tive to primitive grippli with the host of Grimjaws hot on my trail. A

pox on the Maimed God and his so-called Procession of Justice who

come unbidden to these lands! Why does Valigan forsake me now?

 BRJ

54



r

o

n

n

o

C

O

m

a

i

l

l

i

W

y

b

n

o

i

t

a

r

t

s

u

l

l

I

AGE OF HUMANITY

160: The Great Conflagration

The following is a translation of some Infernal script etched upon the partial hide of a goristro demon. Recovered from the

Rawlinswood in the reign of King Beldred I of Impiltur during the Scouring, the original is now kept in the vaults of Tower

Pureheart in Lyrabar.

I pledge my undying service to Nentyarch Rheligaun and my

eternal soul to his dark master Orcus. In the seven-hundred-

ninety-fourth sarn since Thargaun proclaimed the founding

of Narfell, I have been commanded to preserve an account-

ing of its fall.

Ten sarnar ago, Jethrens cabal summoned the hortha of

Kostchtchie, and the frost giants were recruited to our banner.

From the Icerim Mountains they

marched  south,  while  fresh

armies invaded the lakelands of

Shemen, bolstered by drith sum-

moned from the Abyss. Resistance

was  fierce,  and  the  Raumathari

used elemental magic to hurl us back

time and again. Still we persevered,

and after four sarnar of conflict, we

finally laid siege to Winterkeep. Our

forces conquered the city in a

bloody battle, and our enemies

fled south into the plains.

We had long suspected that

the Raumathari had discov-

ered  and  mastered  lost  lore

from  their  former  Imaskari

masters,  and  we  were  correct.

In desperation, they unleashed

the  last  spawn  of  Horfaern

against usthe terrible white

wyrms of the northern glacier.

Compelled by powerful magic, the

dragons fought to the death and

shattered  our  armies.  We  were

forced  to  abandon  the  lands  of

our enemy, but we took solace in

the fact that we had left behind

a wasteland.

Two  sarnar  later,  while

we  were  slowly  rebuilding  our

strength, the Raumathari launched

an invasion from the north. Under the

command of their war-leader Thulkarr,

an army of stone constructs marched against us in an inexorable

tide, using portals to outflank us time and time again. Our

warriors and drith servitors fought bravely but could not repel

them, and our forces were slowly pushed back to Narjast.

It was then that Ayarch Rauthok persuaded the Nentyarch

to unleash our last gambit: the Dark Fissure. While the Rau-

mathari forces poured into the environs of Dun-Tharos through

their portals, our remaining drithdarkar opened a series of

portals to the Abyss. The result was all that we could have

hoped fora massive planar rift opened before the advanc-

ing  constructs  and  snatched  them  into  otherness.  Our  last

reserves set upon the remaining disoriented Raumathari, and

the few survivors fled using magic. Our daring gambit had

crushed the enemy, and we knew that one last all-out attack

would see us victorious.

Disquieted by the vulnerability of Dun-Tharos, the Nentyarch

ordered the construction of Dun-Orthass in the wilds across

the reach. Convinced that no hortha would suffice to destroy

our foe, Rheligaun commanded us to summon the mighty

Eltab himself into that dark citadel. And so within a

sarn, we had the Lord of the Hidden Layer ready

to lead our newly summoned legions of drith

in the final battle against our foe.

The Raumathari had fortified the lake-

lands with much of their strength, so

Eltab  was  commanded  to  destroy

all opposition there. But despite his

terrible presence, it took the better

part of two sarnar for his army

to prevail. Then, with the Rau-

mathari shattered and victory

in our gasp, Eltab perversely

refused to march on. He had

become  fascinated  with  the

telthorthe spirits native to

the regionand he wished

to master them so that he

might unleash them in his

conflicts against other drith.

Shortly  thereafter,  our

leaders  received  word  that

the  Arkhan  of  Raumathar

had  secretly  gathered  a

force  in  the  insignificant

settlement  of  Kensten,

north of Mulhorand. By con-

ceding the northern war, he

sought to launch a desperate

surprise attack on our home-

land. Leaving Eltab and most of

his  drith  behind,  our  armies  rushed

south to crush the last forces of Rau-

mathar. The slaughter was terrible, but neither side emerged

victorious. The Raumathari had summoned an urhortha of

Kossuth, which consumed our armies and theirs. The Lord

of Flames left only ashes in his wake, and our drith servi-

tors ran amok throughout the realm, slaying every creature

they encountered.

Thus it was that we achieved both victory and defeat. Two

great empires have been lost, and their people are scattered

to the winds. Narfell and Raumathar are no moreand I,

Renyarch Thurdrar, must bear witness to our folly.

 GK

55

Kossuths avatar lays waste to the armies of

Narfell and Raumathar

AGE OF HUMANITY

160: Rise of the Dodkong

Below, a brief tale transcribed by Dunador the Elder, a renegade stone giant, following a dangerous but successful mind reading

of the Dodkong. The fate of Dunador is unknown, but he is believed to have been captured and turned into a zombie that serves

the Dodkong to this day.

The young giantess lay on a stone slab deep in the Underdark. The

only other being present in the earthen room was a frail elder

stone giant wearing naught but a crown.

Apprehension made the giantess fidget like a child, though

her thoughts were as focused as those of any other creature that

knows it is facing imminent death. We shall live forever!

she thought. Grugaran has liberated the Crown

of Obadai from Van tomb robbers and wrestled

forth its secrets. His transformation

will restore the strength

that I have watched

wane in him for

decades. Soon we will

both be dodlivor

undead, as the Vanen

call them.

Suddenly, a light flashed from the crown on Grugarans head

and struck the giantess. Her flesh fell from her body like dry

clay, and the light began to fade from her eyes. Both giants

screamed, realizing that

something had gone

horribly wrong.

Grugarans flesh

hardened, and

his eyes turned a

ghastly red as his

queens life ebbed

away.

My queen, he

said softly, with the

last tender emotion that

his diminishing true life

allowed him.

 TC

I

l

l

u

s

t

r

a

t

i

o

n

b

y

E

v

a

W

i

d

e

r

m

a

n

n

My queen, my

love, my goddess, said

the elder quietly. I

set our eternity in

motion now. Bestowing

a fond smile upon her,

he began to hum mystic

syllables.

I shall reign with

Grugaran beside me forever,

thought the giantess with pride.

The jotunen both upon and below

the Run shall know me as their

hildkong, and Grugaran

shall be my dodkong in

a refounded Nedeheim.

The Dodkong

56

AGE OF HUMANITY

Kythorn. This prevents much transfer of troops from western Calimshan

except directly into beholder-controlled strongholds.

167 DR Year of Sudden Kinship

The Storming of the Qatarn Hills: In the first five days of Uktar, King Silvam

of Tethyr and Qayadin Revaod el Simaal lead the Fourth Army to victory

over nine beholders and three times their armys own forces.

 The beholders occupy Volothamp and Schamedar by years end, though

their  entrenchment  within  eastern  Calimshan  overextends  their  reach,

and  the  beholders  lose  control  of  Ankhapur,  one  of  their  largest  surface

strongholds.

166 DR Year of Seven Loves Lost

The Eye Tyrant Wars end, though alliances remain among the human powers

to pursue renegade beholders for the next few years among all their lands.

162 DR Year of Boneblight

Tribesmen in western Gundavar revolt against the rajah and found the King-

dom of Estagund.

161 DR Year of the Emerald Mage

The alliances of Calimshan, Tethyr, and Iltkazar dissolve by this year.

160 DR Year of the Stone Giant

A cairn (undead stone giant) called the Dodkong, or King of Death, appears

from the dark below. On his arrival, he gathers the stone giant clans and

refounds the kingdom of Nedeheim as Cairnheim.

 The Great Conflagration: Narfell and Raumathar begin their final wara

decade-long cataclysm that involves the summoning of demon lords and an

avatar of Kossuth. At its conclusion, both combatants lie in ruins.

 A secret Raumathari sisterhood is formed to preserve Raumathars lore.

153 DR Year of the Starry Shroud

Proeskampalar (later renamed Procampur) is founded by dwarves from Earth-

fast and quickly becomes an important trading partner of Westgate due to an

influx of refugees from fallen Jhaamdath.

 The demon lord Eltab [148] is summoned at Dun-Orthass, the present-day

Citadel of Conjurers in southwestern Impiltur.

152 DR Year of Wildwine

Rashemen is ravaged by demons and destructive spells.

150 DR Year of Recompense

Syl-Pasha Kamus yn Tasyn el Tarshaj of Calimport grants Tethyr the region

known as Ankaram, the lands west of the Forest of Mir and north of the

River Memnon. Although many in Tethyr believe this to be a reward for

their aid in the Eye Tyrant Wars, it is a political move to weaken Calishite

nobles amassing power against el Tarshaj.

 End of the Great Conflagration with the destruction of both Narfell and

Raumathar.

 Barbarians drive Raumathari survivors from much of the Hordelands.

 Fleeing from the fall of Raumathar and Narfell, river spirit folk settle

the Lake of Mists.

149 DR Year of Adamantine Ore

Shield dwarf prospectors discover rich veins of adamantine and iron in the

Teshan  Mountains  (present-day  Desertsmouth  Mountains)  and  send  word

back to their kin in the Storm Horns to join them.

148 DR Year of the Black Marble

The god-kings final battle. An alliance of summoned creatures (almost all

of them demons from the Abyss) is defeated, and they are sent back to their

home planes.

 Rashemen falls under the rule of the demon lord Eltab [153, 105].

145 DR Year of Depths Unknown

Roryn, blood of Thordbard, of the Iron House of fallen Oghrann founds

the  dwarf  realm  of  Tethyamar  [1104]  in  the  present-day  Desertsmouth

Mountains.

137 DR Year of Blooded Sunsets

The Eshowe tribe releases the Shadow Giant, a monstrous and ancient evil, and

unleashes it upon the city of Mezro [2637, 863]. Though Mezro lay in ruins

as a result, the Tabaxi ultimately repel the lurking gloom. The Shadow Giant

then turns on the Eshowe, nearly wiping them out in a genocidal rampage.

The Tabaxi named the dark spirit Eshowdow, or Shadow of the Eshowe.

135 DR Year of Old Beginnings

Refounding of the former Raumathan city of Kensten (present-day Bezantur

[1369]) by Mulhorand on the coast of the Wizards Reach.

 Impil Mirandor, a refugee from the former lands of Jhaamdath, establishes

a settlement known as Impils Tor atop an abandoned dwarf delve at the site

of present-day Lyrabar.

133 DR Year of Silent Screams

Great sea storms erupt along the Sword Coast. A tidal wave envelops the city

of Velen in Tethyr, decimating its population.

125 DR Year of Banished Wisdom

Hetel Hastalhorn, a prominent Halruaan archmage, founds Mhairhetel, now

known as the City of Renegades, in the southern tip of the Mhair Jungles.

c. 120 DR

The death of so many humans during the EshoweTabaxi war opens the door

for the rise of the Batiri, a tribe of bloodthirsty goblins.

119 DR Year of Close Scrutiny

Rajah Marak III of Gundavar invades Estagund in an attempt to reunite

the two countries.

118 DR Year of Elven Delights

The  thriving  settlement  of  Impils  Tor  is  renamed  Lyrabar  by  Ornrath

Mirandor, harkening back to its dwarf roots and cementing the first trade

ties with dwarves of the surrounding mountains.

112 DR Year of Tortured Dreams

Rajah Bheshti II relinquishes claims on Estagund, changes the name of Gun-

davar to Var, and declares the Adama [256] the official state religion.

111 DR Year of Terrible Anger

The Orc Marches: The entire North erupts as great orc hordes stream south

from the Spine of the World and the Ice Mountains to lay waste to all in their

path. Illusk [350, 108] and Gauntlgrym [321, 141] fall to this onslaught, and

Delzoun is devastated by countless orc assaults. Most of Illusks population

manages to escape by sea or by magic and is spared. The elves of Iliyanbruen,

Rilithar, Siluvanede, and Eaerlann unite to shatter the strength of the orcs

and halt their rampage south into the High Forest and Dessarin Valley.

110 DR Year of Shadowed Glances

Akkabar el Shoon is born in Myratma to a Calishite noble and his favored

harem girl, and all three return home to Memnon.

108 DR Year of Wands

A clandestine order of masked witches emerges near Lake Tirulag and makes

itself known to the folk of Rashemen. Of Raumviran ancestry, they are sworn

to preserve the lore and learning of the Empire of Raumathar.

 Humans displaced by the Orc Marches rebuild and resettle Illusk [111,

15]. The city again operates as a magocracy under the Grand Cabal.

 Start of the Seventh Sers War: The morkoth of the Theocracy of the Deep

Ones attack Esrath and Hmurrath on two fronts. They free the Emerald Eye

of Kyron [1396, 104], using it with astonishing effectiveness.

57

AGE OF HUMANITY

107 DR Year of Tapestries

The Krakenscourge [777, 106] resurfaces during the Seventh Sers War in

the hands of a storm giant adventurer named Lorthar of the Waves.

106 DR Year of the Valorous Kobold

End of the Seventh Sers War: The war ends with the surprising appearance

of long-hidden triton forces from the deeper trenches of the sea. Breaking

the back of the Theocracy and sending the morkoth fleeing back into the

depths, the tritons help maintain the balance among the shalarins and the

morkoths on the floor of Sers.

 Lorthar dies in combat with a legion of elite morkoth warriors during

one of the last battles of the Eleventh Sers War. The Krakenscourge [107,

1271] briefly falls into the hands of the Theocracy of the Deep Ones before

it is reclaimed by the tritons, whose unexpected emergence from the deeper

trenches of the sea ensures the morkoths defeat.

105 DR Year of the Bloody Goad

An Illuskan tribe known as the Rus arrives in eastern Faern by means of

a malfunctioning portal that deposited them on the eastern shore of Lake

Ashane. Although quickly integrated into the native Rashemi population, the

Rus were powerful berserkers who sparked an insurrection among the native

Rashemi against the court of Eltab [148, 75]. The arrival of the Rus coincided

with the emergence of the Witches of Rashemen, a secret sisterhood formed

in the dying days of Raumathar to preserve that empires magical lore.

104 DR Year of the Star Stallion

Besendars Blockhouse [334, 515] is abandoned by the dwarves of Delzoun

in the face of countless orc raids.

 The  Emerald  Eye  of  Kyron  [108],  after  some  study,  is  secretly  sealed

within the black coral walls of Vynagyr in Sers.

102 DR Year of the Spiked Gauntlet

Desva, a cleric of Malar, attains a position of power among the ghostwise

halflings and begins leading them into darkness and evil.

c. 100 DR

On the Stojanow River, a pyramid is constructed on Sorcerers Isle. It serves

as a wizards college until it is abandoned some unknown time later.

100 DR to 250 DR

Humans Settle the Wizards Reach: Jhaamdathan settlements dot Altumbels

islands, and Chessentans colonize a broad stretch of coastline from Delthuntle

to Laothkund.

100 DR Year of the Black Unicorn

The  dwarf  realm  of  Delzoun,  the  Northkingdom,  falls  to  encroaching

phaerimms [350, 329] and other dangers. The dwarves surface citadels survive

the attack and remain in dwarf hands.

94 DR Year of Many Bats

The 16-year-old Akkabar el Shoon arrives in Tethyr and becomes a pupil of

the Vizera Princess Rhynda based on his reputation as a prodigy in the Art.

91 DR Year of Old Crowns

Rise of the Triton Protectorate of Ahlors in Sers.

88 DR Year of Hostile Hails

Akkabar  el  Shoon  leaves  the  tutelage  of  Princess  Rhynda  of  Tethyr  and

begins his movement among Calishite society and business, selling his power-

ful magical abilities to the highest bidders. Within four years, Akkabar is a

near-permanent fixture within Calimport society, and his political savvy is

outmatched only by his magic.

87 DR Year of Dashed Dreams

Tarkhaldale, an early northern dale allied with Asram and Hlondath, falls

to the goblinkin of Hlundadim [393, 111].

86 DR Year of Good elds

Pirates under the command of Alaric False-Oaths, an exiled young noble of

Tethyr, dominate the sea coasts off that kingdom, operating out of the ruins

of Velen and the northwestern Velen Peninsula.

83 DR Year of Bitter Fruit

Barbarians from Ulgarth begin raiding Durpari cities. Such raiding continues

for more than a millennium.

78 DR Year of the Gleaming

Akkabar el Shoon marries Munaa yr Shunnari el Tarshaj, the fifth daughter

of Syl-Pasha Kadar, on Midsummer. As a wedding gift, Akkabar becomes the

Syl-Vizar (and ruler) of Memnon.

77 DR Year of Flaming Stones

By Midwinter, the deaths of nearly all members of el Tarshaj places Syl-Pasha

Akkabar el Shoon on the calephs throne, as he had planned.

75 DR Year of Leather Shields

Teshar  is  founded  in  the  cleared  lands  between  Rystall  Wood  and

Cormanthor.

 The wizard Baerauble Etharr, survivor of lost Netheril, is saved from death

at the hands of barbarian tormentors by the elf Alea Dahast. Baerauble comes

to live with the elves of Cormanthyr.

 The Regent Princess and Vizera Rhynda arranges a marriage between Syl-

Pasha Akkabar Shoons daughter and her own son, the future King Nishan II,

to ensure the stability of both realms despite objecting nobles on both sides.

 An alliance of the Rashemi, the Rus, and the Raumviran witches finally

liberates Rashemen from demonic rule. The hero of this conflict is a half-

Rus/half-Rashemi warrior named Yvengi, who wields a great magical blade

named Hadryllis against Eltab [105, 106], severely wounding the demon lord

and forcing him to flee. The Witches of Rashemen finally catch up with Eltab

in the Sharawood, far to the south in the Eastern Shaar. They imprison him

beneath the forest floor and bind a dracolich known only as the Everlasting

Wyrm to be his guardian.

 After defeating Eltab, the witches demand the right to name the Iron

Lord of Rashemen. The nation of Rashemen is established.

 Descendants of the Ho Dynasty living in Tu Lung refuse to house the

Emperors troops and take control of the coastal city of Ausa. Shou troops

spend four months reducing the citys defenses and another two years tracking

down and defeating the clan leaders. By imperial decree, most of the Ho clan

is slain. Some members survive and reestablish the clan. Shou atrocities during

this uprising were widely spread among the barons and the population.

74 DR Year of Splendor

Inrath Mirandor establishes the kingdom of Impiltur and crowns himself

king, beginning the Mirandor Dynasty of Old Impiltur.

73 DR Year of Swift Courtships

Ascension of Mori, first emperor of the Kozakuran people in Shou Lung.

69 DR Year of No Regrets

The  Third  Shalarin  Passing:  For  once,  the  shalarins  arrive  to  a  peaceful

Sers, and they quickly establish two more shalarin kingdoms within thirty

years: Esdaan and Espurr.

 Founding of the Timesong (Sers) Calendar.

 An Illuskan tribe from the island of Ruathym [3000, 1356] travels through

a portal to the Council Hills in the Eastern Shaar. Over time, the Illuskans

mingle and join with the Arkaiuns who fled the fall of fabled Shandaular,

capital of Ashanath, in the lands west of Rashemen centuries before. In time,

this mingling of people leads to the establishment of the realm of Dambrath

in the Shining South.

68 DR to 65 DR

The Hin Ghostwars: In response to the evil acts of the cleric Desva and the

ghostwise halflings, The Strongheart and Lightfoot tribes unite against the

58

AGE OF HUMANITY

Ghostwise tribe and begin exterminating its members. Almost all ghostwise

hin are either slain or driven out of the Lluirwood.

68 DR Year of Discordant Destinies

Chand, a strongheart hunter, becomes warchief of the Strongheart tribe in

Luiren.

65 DR Year of Monstrous Appetites

Warchief Chand slays Desva in battle.

64 DR Year of Gleaming Frost

Rystall Wood falls in its Twelfth Rysar to giants and orcs. The survivors either

remain in Yrlaancel or migrate to Cormanthyr.

 King  Nishan  II  ascends  to  Tethyrs  throne  and  marries  Arhymeria  yr

Una el Shoon.

54 DR Year of Tomes

 Pirates settle the Nelanther at this time and begin stealing ships and causing

major disruptions of the burgeoning sea trade. The pirates are led by Black

Alaric the Pirate, the exiled cousin of Clan Chief Darius Fyrson of Tethyr.

51 DR Year of the Cluttered Desk

Rise of Asarem: The three shalarin kingdoms of Esrath, Esdaan, and Espurr

unite under one eadar (emperor) and now rule the twilight waters from the

Hmur Plateau to the coast of what shall become the surface-state of Thesk.

50 DR Year of the Phandar

Illuskans from Ruathym settle at the mouth of the River Delimbiyr, found-

ing the city of Tavaray.

45 DR Year of the Raging Brook

The god-kings of Mulhorand desire Rashemen as a new province. They send

a massive army through the Gorge of Gauros, but are soon turned back by

berserkers and nature spirits summoned by the witches.

37 DR Year of Patriots

Alaghn, the first recorded settlement in what would become the nation of

Turmish, is founded upon the southern shores of the Sea of Fallen Stars.

33 DR Year of Slowing Sands

The Netherese state of Asram (in the present-day Anauroch Desert) falls

victim to a plague sent by Talona, from which there are no survivors.

15 DR Year of the Embrace

Gripped by the imperial urge, the leaders of Illusk [108, 10] expand their

nation southward and eastward.

12 DR Year of Laughing Lovers

The elves of Iliyanbruen resist further Illuskan expansion in the south.

10 DR Year of Burning Glades

Led by Lord Halueth Never, the elves defeat Illusk [15, 4], although skir-

mishing persists.

9 DR Year of Fell Traitors

The Circle of Flames, a wizards cabal, forms in the city of Cormanthor.

The group consists mainly of retired or current AkhFaer wizards and their

apprentices.

8 DR Year of Wraths

The liches Thakloamur and Mingaudorr destroy Helbrester with arcane magic.

The ruins are sacked by the outlawed Tethyrian Clan Fyrson and pirates based

elsewhere in the Nelanther.

6 DR Year of Scarlet Scourges

Tethyrian royals are slain by pirates. Syl-Pasha Shoon secretly congratulates

himself on arranging the coup, though his attempts to link the murders with

the rising power of the Rundeen merchant cabal [502] fail.

5 DR Year of Feuds

Amahl Shoon, younger brother of the late Queen Arhymeria, arrives within

a  month  of  Ithalyrs  fall.  Calishite  forces  and  advisors  set  him  up  as  the

reluctant king in the newly renamed city of Zazesspur.

4 DR Year of Pacts

The elves of Iliyanbruen and the humans of Illusk [10, 95] make peace, set-

ting the River Mirar as the boundary between their kingdoms.

3 DR Year of Ruins

King Amahl I of Tethyr dies of poison at the direction of his grandfather

Syl-Pasha Akkabar el Shoon. His nephew, Amahl II, becomes king. A scourg-

ing of Ithal clan lands begins.

2 DR Year of Gruesome Streams

After 18 months of war, Ithmong is destroyed and Clan Ithal nearly wiped

out by royal forces. King Amahl II of Tethyr swears fealty to Syl-Pasha Shoon

on Greengrass upon his victory. This is the true start of the Shoon Imperium

with Akkabars rule over both Calimshan and Tethyr.

1 DR Year of Shattered Relics

Akkabar the Younger, eldest grandson of the syl-pasha and elder brother of

Amahl I and Arhymeria, dies in a tavern brawl in Memnon that is later

revealed to be a revenge assassination by vengeful Tethyrian clansmen. As

the father of King Amahl II of Tethyr and the proclaimed heir of Syl-Pasha

Akkabar Shoon, his death brings much suffering to Tethyr.

 Ithmongs ruins are plundered for the building of a great capital to the

south, near the former city of Iltakar and the port town of Agis (present-

day Shoonach). Former Clan Ithal supporters are enslaved and haul stone ten

miles south to the new city for the next ten years.

1 DR Year of Sunrise

The Standing Stone [591] is raised by the elves of Cormanthyr and the Dales-

men,  ratifying  the  Dales  Compact  [1374]  between  them  and  starting  the

Dalereckoning calendar.

 The dwarves of Ammarindar complete Citadel Yaunoroth.

3 DR Year of the Faded Flower

Rise of Aleaxtis in Sers. The sahuagin emerge from a century of war with the

merrow of the Alamber to claim more than half of the sea as their own.

4 DR Year of the Slaked Blade

Laranla Imdalace of Ardeep disappears. Rulership of the kingdom passes to

her kinswoman Embrae Aloevan.

5 DR Year of the Clutched Emerald

The syl-pasha of Calimshan establishes gates between various sites in Calimport

and his new imperial capital rising at Shoonach.

6 DR Year of the Firestars

Fleeing plague and tyranny in Impiltur, the farmer Ondeth Obarskyr settles

a tract of land on the outskirts of the Wolf Woods west of Marsember. He

names the settlement Suzaras City, after his wife.

10 DR to 20 DR

During this time, Tashalarans overthrow their yuan-ti satrap and drive the

SeSehen tribe from the Tashalar.

10 DR Year of Dreams

The realm of Serpentes [189, 34] goes into rapid decline when its emperor

Sseth vanishes beneath the Peaks of Flame. The once-allied yuan-ti tribes

begin to feud over the succession.

 Ssintheessaree, capital city of Serpentes, falls into ruin.

 The Netheril region becomes known as the Great Desert of Anauroch.

 Dissatisfied with her husband Ondeth and their new home, Suzara takes

the first ship back to Impiltur with their youngest son.

59

AGE OF HUMANITY

12 DR Year of Wistful Looks

Rise of the Triton Protectorate of Vuuvax in Sers.

14 DR Year of the Unknown Beloved

The settlement of Beluir is founded in Luiren.

 Iljak, the first major trade city of the Vilhon Reach, is founded, marking

the end of the large-scale Jhaamdathan exodus and the beginning of efforts

to build a human realm along the shores of the region.

25 DR Year of Many Runes

Church of Deneir founded.

15 DR Year of Glittering Glory

King Amahl II of Tethyr dies and is succeeded by his only son, King Amahl

III. The syl-pasha moves his court and much of Calimshans power to Shoonach.

Since Calimport remains the primary port for his empire even though it is no

longer his capital, Syl-Pasha Akkabar Shoon establishes a tightly controlled

puppet dynasty on the calephs throne.

26 DR Year of Opening Doors

The death of Ondeth Obarskyr sees the founding of the human kingdom of

Cormyr with the permission of the Fair Folk of the Forest Country. His son

Faerlthann is crowned the first King of Cormyr.

 Cormyr Reckoning calendar begins.

16 DR Year of Distant Thunder

Procalith is founded at the foot of the Delphin Mountains, overlooking the

Dolphingulf.

 Elves  attack  the  Bleth  farmstead  outside  Suzail,  killing  all  occupants.

Baerauble Etharr counsels Ondeth against further expansion into the Wolf

Woods.

27 DR Year of Shadowed Blades

Syl-Pasha Akkabar dies mysteriously, and Amahl III rules both Calimshan and

Tethyr. Abandoning the old titles, Amahl crowns himself qysar (emperor) over

both, joining them as the Shoon Imperium. The qysar places his brother-in-law,

Rahman Cormal, on Tethyrs throne, beginning the Cormal Dynasty of Tethyr.

Start of the Sixth Age of Calimshan, also known as the Age of Shoon.

20 DR Year of the Fallen Fury

The  human  Calendar  of  Harptos  adopts  the  elf  holiday  of  CinnaelosCor

(The Day of Corellons Peace) and renames it Shieldmeet, celebrating it every

four years since.

29 DR Year of Carved Cliffs

Narubel, the City of Seasnakes, is founded by Tashlutan merchants seeking

to plunder the Jungles of Chult.

10: Mouth of Dendar

The following excerpt, dated Year of the Dark Dawn, was taken from the journal of Lord Vanrak Moonstar, which was recently

acquired by Lady Alathene Moonstar.

During our push southward through the Black Jungles, we

came upon an ancient ruin on the north-

ern shore of the Lapal Sea. Though the

stone structure had nearly been swal-

lowed  up  by  the  surrounding  jungle,

enough  remained  for  us  to  discern

that it must once have been a temple

of some kind. After hacking our way

through a web of slithering, snakelike

vines, we found a stone ramp that led

down into the temples lower story, then

became a twisting tunnel that wound

even deeper into the earth.

The  passageways  limestone  block

walls were lined with bas-relief depic-

tions of scenes from the height of Serpentes,

as  the  long-somnolent  yuan-ti  empire

is  known  in  our  tongue.  Centuries  of

dripping water had dissolved most of

the detail, but enough remained of the

carvings  that  we  could  still  discern

their subjects.

The bas-reliefs depicted the court of

Serpentes during a period of somnolence in

the Year of Dreams. Most of the slumber-

ing  serpentfolk  were  beset  by  horrifying

visions in which thousands of tiny serpents were tearing them

apart and consuming them alive. Only the emperor, Sseth,

seemed immunehis nightmares seemed to swoop about his

body,  forming  a  majestic,  fluttering  raiment  of  darkness.

The bas-reliefs that we saw during our descent traced the

nightmares back to their sourcethey streamed forth from a

great pit in the shape of a giant serpents maw, which

lay under the watchful gaze of Sseth.

Subsequent panels depicted Sseth flying

high above the jungle toward the Peaks of

Flame  in  the  west,  trailing  his  mantle  of

nightmares behind him. At the base of a great

volcano, he was shown passing through a portal

to  Smaragd.  In  the  final  scenes,  Sseths  rai-

ment of nightmares dissolved into a swarm of

shadowy snakes that consumed the slumbering

form of Merrshaulk.

The tunnel ended abruptly in a great cave

dominated  by  a  yawning,  serpentine  maw

in  the  floor.  When  we  entered  the  cavern,

a  swarm  of  fluttering  nightmares

emerged from the pit and enveloped

us.  While  I  fled  the  Mouth  of

Dendar  with  the  screams  of  my

companions  echoing  in  my  ears,

my mind was wracked with hor-

rifying  visions.  For  three  days  I

beseeched the Moonmaiden to relieve

me of these nightmares, but she spurned my

prayers.  At  last,  in  desperation,  I  turned

to the Lady of Loss to end my torment. Now, when nights

blessed embrace cloaks my form, the visions cease, and I can

find a measure of peace.

 ELB

60

Emperor Sseth before his Ascension

I

l

l

u

s

t

r

a

t

i

o

n

b

y

C

a

r

l

F

r

a

n

k

AGE OF HUMANITY

34 DR Year of Purloined Power

The Oligarchs of Tashluta proclaim the Confederation of Tashtan and claim

dominion from the town of Narubel to the Sheir Peninsula, plus all the Shin-

ing Sea coastal lands in between.

With the decline of Serpentes [10], the humans of the Tashalar succeed in

driving off the yuan-ti of the SeSehen tribe and after a ten-year war pro-

claim the Confederation of Tashtan. They claim dominion from the town

of Narubel to the Sheir Peninsula, plus all the Shining Sea coastal lands in

between including Lapaliiya [304, 285]. The diverse humans living in these

areas become known collectively as the Tashalans.

 A Talfirian bard named Verraketh Talember discovers the Shadowstar,

a  mysterious  artifact  that  fell  like  a  shooting  star  into  the  High  Moor.

While the artifact slowly transformed him into the Shadowking [89], Ver-

raketh gathered an army of shadow-spinners and began forcibly assimilating

the Netherese and Talfirian realms of the Chionthar river valley into the

empire of Ebenfar.

 Drow overwhelm the Melairkyn dwarves of Undermountain, and King

Melair IV is slain. The dwarves retreat to lower, less important levels of the

Underhalls. [211]

37 DR Year of Dark Venom

Five tidal waves strike Calimshan, destroying between one-third and two-thirds

of each of the five port cities of the nation.

 The port city of Hlondeth is founded at the western end of the Turmway

(now known as the Halondar) road from Alaghn.

47 DR Year of the Crystal Orb

The settlement of Chethel is founded in Luiren.

48 DR Year of the Bloddied Pikes

Thultim, the seventh king of Estagund, dies heirless. A succession war breaks

out, and Estagund disintegrates into a collection of city-states.

50 DR Year of the Barbed Wind

Q ysar Amahl Shoon III dies and is succeeded by Q ysar Shoon I.

 Hlondeth establishes itself as both a port city and a major landmark along

the Turmway. The cities of Mussum, Samra, and Arrabar spring up along the

southeastern shores of the Vilhon. Daroush, Torl, and Asple are established

on the northwestern shores of the Reach.

52 DR Year of the Thundering Horde

Illuskans begin farming the plateau above Deepwater Harbor, and for two

and a half centuries their rule of the area is uncontested.

61 DR Year of the Branded Mage

Q ysar Shoon I decrees the establishment of the Wizards Consortiums of all

the cities of his realm, at which attendance is mandatory for all wizards. Those

who resist are slain, and soon Shoon I knows of nearly every mage within his

domain, which allows him better control over such forces.

64 DR Year of Gleaming Frost

Northmen begin settling the Twilit Landthe coastal area between present-

day Neverwinter and Waterdeep.

66 DR Year of the Spellbound Heir

Mith Barak the Clanless assumes the throne of Iltkazar the Mithral Kingdom,

the last remaining kingdom of Shanatar.

of Years greatly by naming many years in the far future. At Candlekeep,

a belief arose that Alaundo dreamed, and saw future events, but had to

work through repeated dreamings to place them precisely in time. Some say

gods inspired him, or that he was the secret avatar of a god, but he remains

a mystery. He came to Candlekeep to read the writings of others; books fas-

cinated him lifelong.

 The deity Moander hurls his forces and the creeping evil against the elf

village of Tsornyl, blighting much of the surrounding woods. The High Mages

of Cormanthyr use their magic to sever the creeping evil from Moander

and imprison the corruption at Tsornyl, weakening the Darkbringers pres-

ence in Toril.

 Plague wracks southern Faern, devaststing Chessenta, the Vilhon Reach,

and the Shaar.

 Q ysar Shoon I dies and is succeeded by his third son, Q ysar Shoon II.

 The elf realm of Rilithar bordering the Sword Mountains is finally aban-

doned  because  of  the  encroachment  of  human  settlers  and  unceasing  orc

and troll raids. Several clans of moon elves from Rilithar arrive in the Gray

Forest far to the east through a portal and establish the realm of Vedrym-

mell. They ally with the fugitive Crown Prince Baranth of Impiltur, who in

turn recognizes their sovereignty over the woodlands.

77 DR Year of the Quivering Mountains

A volcanic eruption creates the Emerald Crater in the Peaks of Flame, making

it a place sacred to the wild dwarves of the region. The emerald great wyrm

Esmerandanna claims the Emerald Crater as her home and becomes known

as the Resplendent Queen.

 With the aid of the moon elves of Vedrymmell, Crown Prince Baranth

defeats the treasonous Morlorn, the Usurper King, at the Battle of Ilithras

Smile and is crowned king of Impiltur. The Obarskyr mercenary supporters

of Morlorn are exiled from the realm.

80 DR Year of the Mordant Blight

Invasion of the Horse Barbarians. The fifth Emperor Chin of the Kao Dynasty

and an army made up mostly of Tu Lung troops rout the invaders in the

Battle of the Silver Grasslands.

87 DR Year of the Hoar Frost

Eigersstor (Neverwinter) is founded.

89 DR Year of the Faithful Oracle

Terpenzi, the naga king of Najara in the Heartlands, foresees its death at the

hands of Verraketh the Shadowking [34, 90] of Ebenfar and orders its subjects

to seek out the magics of ancient Netheril while it searches for a mate.

90 DR Year of the Moor Birds

Terpenzi assembles a great army of ophidians commanded by yuan-ti to attack

the growing might of Ebenfar. The armies of Ebenfar destroy the city of

SSthartissssun, cloak its ruins in powerful warding spells, and scatter the

serpentfolk of Najara. Terpenzi leads its remaining armies into battle with

the Shadowking [89, 140] but is destroyed. The battlefield becomes known as

the Fields of the Dead.

95 DR Year of the Reluctant Hero

Ruathens, led by Uthgar Gardolfsson, sack Illusk [4, 141]. The Grand Cabal

retreats to the Host Tower [354, 611], abandoning the city to the raiders.

The Illuskans eventually burn the invaders ships and drive Uthgar [330,

100] and his followers into the interior.

68 DR Year of the Echoing Chasm

Saeval Ammath [346] is born into House Ammath, and numerous portents

indicate he will become the archmage of the house later in life.

96 DR Year of the Mournful Harp

Stefan Blackspear becomes Highlord of Illusk and exiles wizards from his

city-state.

75 DR Year of Clinging Death

Alaundo, later famous as Alaundo the Seer, arrives in Candlekeep. A quiet,

learned man of unknown origins (though his stray comments led colleagues

to believe he grew up in a Sword Coast port city), Alaundo extended the Roll

c. 100 DR

The followers of Uthgar [95, 123] join with other nomadic humans descended

from the group of Netherese who followed the Bey of Runlatha and scattered

across the North after his death.

61

AGE OF HUMANITY

101 DR Year of the Smiling Moon

Josidiah Starym is born a gold elf of House Starym to his gold elf father

and moon elf mother. He has his fathers features and golden hair, but he

has his mothers uncanny sapphire-blue eyesa strange combination for a

noble gold elf child.

107 DR Year of the Fledglings

Q ysar Shoon II dies and is succeeded by his first grandnephew, Q ysar Shoon

III. Hazamir el Aktorral, Syl-Pasha of Calimshan, is made riqysar (regent

emperor). Riqysar Aktorral moves some of the court back to Calimport and

the surroundings he trusts rather than live in Shoonach.

106 DR Year of the Adamantine Spiral

Crusaders of Myrkul from the Castle of Alhanar attack and (temporarily)

destroy  the  Everlasting  Wyrm,  the  dracolich  that  had  been  guarding  the

prison of the demon lord Eltab [75, 202]. While plundering the dracolichs

hoard,  the  followers  of  Myrkul  discover  the  demon  and,  in  exchange  for

ninety-nine years of service to the Church of Myrkul, agree to release Eltab

from his binding. With Eltabs aid, the followers of Myrkul seize control of

the city of Shandaular in the Council Hills and establish the theocracy of

Eltabranar, encompassing most of the Eastern Shaar.

108 DR Year of the Flood

The Alamber River floods, devastating Unthalass [2087, 731].

112: Map of the Lands of the Inner Sea

The following excerpt is from a letter written by Aubayreer Mindosel to his master, Agannazar of Neverwinter, in the Year

of Forestsfrost (479 DR).

At this time, I must take my leave of the School of Wizardry

and your tutelage. You have my thanks for your countless hours

of patient instruction and the many keen insights into the nature

of the Weave that you have shared with me. Please also convey

my  heartfelt  appreciation  to  Masters  Illykur,  Presper,  and

Grimwald, to whom I owe much as well.

When I first entered your service, you commented on a map,

dating back to the Year of the Tusk, that I had in my possession.

The Map of the Lands of the Inner Sea was commissioned

by my ancestor and produced by Cormyrean cartographers to

mark the year of my familys elevation to the nobility of Teshar.

It depicts the extent of several lands that have since fallen,

including Anauria, Asram, and Hlondath. Since journeying

to the North, I have always carried this parchment with me,

so as never to forget from whence I came.

As you know, I have recently learned of Teshars fall at the

hands of spider-kissers from the Twisted Tower. With the loss

of all that I hold dear, I have decided to return to the Inner

Sea  landsspecifically  fabled  Myth  Drannorto  continue

my studies and exact a small measure of vengeance against

those who have despoiled what my father wrought. I intend to

donate the aforementioned map to one of the great libraries in

the City of Song to ensure that Teshar and the other Netherese

successor states are never forgotten.

 ELB

62

AGE OF HUMANITY

111 DR Year of Fallen Guards

Goblinkin of Hlundadim [87, 198], led by the orc shaman Andegril the Wise,

attack and conquer Anauria.

139 DR Year of the Resolute Courtesans

The city of Shamph is established along the Emerald Corridor, a road stretch-

ing from Arrabar to Hlath.

112 DR Year of the Tusk

Cormyrean cartographers create the first recognized map of Cormyr, Cor-

manthor, and the Dalelands.

114 DR Year of the Jagged Leaves

Representative from several drow cities below the Unapproachable East meet

and decide to connect their cities through a web of portals for mutual protec-

tion. UndrekThoz, the Segmented City, is born.

116 DR Year of the Mortal Promise

The settlement of Shoun is founded in Luiren.

123 DR Year of the Icy Axe

With the death of el Aktorral this year, all governmental control of Calim-

shan and the Imperium moves to Shoonach until the fall of the Imperium.

Calimport becomes merely the largest port, and its northern quarters become

more and more deserted.

 Uthgar dies from wounds received in battle with Gurt, Lord of the Pale

Giants, at the present-day site of Morgurs Mound. His nomad human follow-

ers call themselves the Uthgardt [100, 153] in his honor and form tribes based

on the beast spirits he was said to have tamed in his lifetime.

125 DR Year of the Ironwood

The city of Ormath is established in the Shining Plains. A new trade road,

the Pikemens Folly, is built between Ormath and Hlondeth.

127 DR Year of the De ant Stone

Grath Erlkar, a Northman raider and explorer, founds Graths Hold (later

known as Port Llast).

 Durpar,  Var,  and  Veldorn  establish  formal  trade  relations  with

Mulhorand.

128 DR Year of the Addled Arcanist

The Raurinese wizard Hilather [2488, 132], after millennia trapped in tem-

poral stasis, begins to explore Faern. He is hired by the Imperial Court to

develop a more secure means of binding fiends to the will of their summoners.

He establishes himself in an abandoned tower in the remote emirate of Torsil,

which lies along the Sword Coast between the Cloud Peaks and Candlekeep.

132 DR Year of Thirteen Prides Lost

The  wizards  of  the  Circle  of  Flames  in  Cormanthor  begin  to  record  the

Scrolls Ardentym this year. [656]

 Dempster Turmish declares himself mayor of Alaghn.

 The city of Mimph is established to the west of Arrabar.

 Hilather [128, 150] presents thirteen Demonshields [1266] to Q ysar Ahahl

Shoon IV [236] and then vanishes.

133 DR Year of the Arduous Journey

The Barony of the Steeping Falls [403] is founded at the site of present-day

Daggerford by Artor Morlin, the Baron of Blood, an outlaw hailing from

the lands of the Shoon.

134 DR Year of the Impassable Chasm

The  Shou  mariner  Wan  Ko  Hei  discovers  Kozakura,  and  is  presented  to

Emperor Koshu at the Kozakuran capital at Fukama.

135 DR Year of the Hal ings Dale

Military forces from Arrabar sack Mimph.

137 DR Year of the Kings Destiny

Samra sacks the city of Iljak while the Iljak army is engaged against the

forces from Mussum. As Iljak burns, the survivors from the city are sold

into slavery.

 The deforestation of the Chondalwood by the humans of the area is in

full swing. [143]

140 DR Year of the Executioner

Fleeing persecution under the Shadowking [90, 323] of Ebenfar, tribes of lost

Talfir cross the Sea of Swords and settle along the southern shores of the

island they name Gwynneth.

141 DR Year of the Impenetrable Mystery

Gauntlgrym  [111,  153]  is  resettled  with  aid  from  Highlord  Narandos  of

Illusk [95, 152].

142 DR Year of the Prowling Naga

One  of  Terpenzis  brood,  Jacinica  [452],  becomes  the  new  king-in-exile  of

Najara. As its first official act, Jacinica orders the remains of Terpenzi to

be transformed into a bone naga and enslaved to the bearer of the artifact

known as the Marlspire of Najara.

 Beholder clans descend from the Curnas and conquer Assur, enslaving the

humans and establishing themselves as princes.

143 DR Year of the Smiling Princess

Durpari forces unsuccessfully attempt to free Assur from the clutches of the

beholder princes. [212]

 Large  forces  of  wild  elves  from  the  Chondalwood  halt  the  progress  of

lumberjacks in the forest. [139]

144 DR Year of the Fear and Flame

Battle  of  the  Elven  Tears:  More  than  2,000  elves  lose  their  lives  in  the

Chondalwood  through  the  allied  might  of  the  free  cities  of  the  Vilhon

Reach. Within six months of the victory, the city-states unite as the nation

of Chondath.

145 DR Year of the Pirates Port

Lady Ahskahala Durothil is born at Semberholme to Lady Uschymna and

Lord Phaendar Durothil of Myth Drannor.

 Dempster Turmish marches Alaghns armies down the Turmway to besiege

Hlondeth. Alaghns navy is attacked by pirate ships, enabling Hlondeth to

smuggle in needed supplies and thereby outlast the besieging army.

 The blue dragon Iryklathagra [150] is born amid the sands of Anauroch.

146 DR Year of the Risen Towers

Aravae  Irithyl  is  born,  the  first  child  of  House  Irithyl  in  centuries.  Her

mother dies giving birth, leaving the infant and her great-uncle, the coronal,

as the sole heirs of House Irithyl. From birth, Aravae has a personal guard

of three soldiers whose sole purpose is to protect the child who will be the

coronals heir.

 Elembar is founded by settlers from Tavaray, north of the River Delim-

biyr and east of Ardeep. Uth Myrmoran, an exiled lord of Tavaray, erects

the Uthtower west of the Sword Mountains and founds the realm of the

same name.

 Hlondeth again defeats the armies of Dempster Turmish, thanks to the

invoker Riliton Mandleweave and the Company of the Howling Harpoon.

147 DR Year of the Iron Colossus

Azuth worshipers formally break with the Church of Mystra and establish the

House of the High One Ascendant in the mountains near Lhair.

 Assurian beholder princes conquer Vaelantar and Ormp. Veldorn is referred

to as the Land of Monsters by Maharajah Waileen I.

148 DR Year of the Blue Ice

Merrow from the Mortik Swamp attack the town of Chethel in Luiren. Half

the town is destroyed before the halflings drive the merrow away.

63

AGE OF HUMANITY

149 DR Year of the Dwarf

Dwarves of Ammarindar led by Iirikos Stoneshoulder build a stone bridge

across the River Shining at the site of present-day Loudwater.

150 DR Year of the Lost Library

Turmish rebuilds its navy to the point where it could make a third attempt

at Hlondeth. As the army massed for its march, however, Dempster Turmish

died in his sleep. The attack was immediately called off.

The wyrmling blue dragon Iryklathagra [145, 236] plunders Hilathers [132,

168] abandoned tower in the emirate of Torsil.

The Dawn Cataclysm

The following excerpt is from Rhyesters Sermon of the Eclipse, written in the Year of Drifting Stars (760 DR).

Because he is the god of new beginnings, the Morninglord

rewards those who take risks and try new ventures. All new

endeavors  worth  attempting  carry  with  them  the  risk  of

failure, but the lessons learned from such inevitable failures

allow us to grow.

During this time of solar eclipse, Lathanders faithful tra-

ditionally review the gods teachings about the meaning of

failure and examine our own failures for potential seeds of

rebirth. Today I would like to talk about the Dawn Cataclysm,

which was arguably the Morninglords greatest failure, though

it also became the root of our current church.

Historians have tried and failed to date the Dawn Cataclysm,

though most agree that it unfolded after the fall of Netheril and

heralded the fall of Myth Drannor. Some say it occurred before

Mystra established the office of Magister some seven centuries

ago, while others insist that it happened after Azuth

battled Savras for supremacy in service to Mystra. Some

claim it unfolded in the Year of the Hangmans Noose,

when the last Chosen of Tyche died nine times in a single

year within the

vinelike  coils

of Moanders

avatar. Others

believe  that  the

recent  schism  in  the

Church of Tyche is a direct

result of the former Lady

Lucks  corruption

during  the  Dawn

Cataclysm.

As  with  all

matters  divine,

a t t e m p t s

t o

determine  cause

and effectas well as rela-

tionships  between  divine

struggles  and  events  on

Torilare inconclusive at

best. Did schisms in the Church

of Tyche, influenced by infil-

trators  from  the  Cult  of

Moander,  result  from

or  lead  to  the  frag-

mentation of Lady

Luck? Did the inun-

dation of Jhaamdath

result from or lead

64

to Murdanes death by drowning in the Bitch Queens embrace?

Did the Morninglords attempt to reshape the Faernian pan-

theon result from or lead to the unification of the Netherese

and the Jhaamdathan pantheons?

For now, let us leave aside the question of when the Dawn

Cataclysm unfolded and what effects, if any, it had upon our

world. The Morninglord teaches us to learn from the stories

of the divine and to apply their lessons to our own lives. Who

here has not seen a wrong and attempted to right it?

Who here has not experienced unintended con-

sequences from such efforts to help? Do such

events mean that we should not proceed, should

not take risks, should not try new things?

As was revealed in the Vision of the Ten

Suns, we must always persevere through

times of trouble, seeking the Mornin-

glords  deliverance.  But  the  implicit

insights we can take from that vision

are that deliverance comes through

I

l

l

u

s

t

r

a

t

i

o

n

b

y

J

e

r

e

m

y

J

a

r

v

i

s

Rhyesters Sermon of

the Eclipse

times  of  trou-

ble, and that times

of  trouble  result  from

new  endeavors  that  change

the  present  into  a  future  that

might be.

Let  me  read  to  you  from

Carcellas Readings at the Matins,

wherein the Daughter of the Dawn

interprets  the  early  days  of  our

church. . . .

 ELB

AGE OF HUMANITY

152 DR Year of the Severed Hand

The orcs of the Severed Hand tribe capture Illusk [141, 205] and rename it

Argrock.

163 DR Year of the Screeching Vole

The village of Elmwood is established as a small way station for ship traffic

to and from the River Lis.

153 DR Year of the Wolfstone

Illithids from the Underdark and their lycanthropic thralls conquer Gauntl-

grym [141, 1357]. A few survivors escape and are taken in by a tribe of Uth-

gardt [123, 576] barbarians.

 Several  demons  appear  in  Ormp  and  defeat  the  beholder  princes  in  a

battle for control of the city.

 Altumbel is founded by the Untherite empire, but is inhabited only by

itinerant pirates and the odd hermit or two looking to escape from more

populated domains.

 The Ring of Winter [1363] is last reported used on Faern in this year,

when a village and a Cormyrean lords estates are destroyed in a massive ice

storm during high summer.

173: Exodus of Leirans

This excerpt is from the minutes of the Council of Elders, when that august body convened in the Year of Screaming Sharn

to select a new Netyarch.

Chair:  The  Council  of  Elders  recognizes  Delbuestur  Gara-

mond, Servant of the Mists.

DG: I rise today to note my opposition to the election of

yet another Netyarch in the grip of the Church of Mystra.

Cries from the Crowd: For shame! For shame!

DG: Although the Lady of Mysteries governs the Weave,

she sees fit to let other gods oversee specific schools of magic.

If Mystra can abide the existence of Azuth and Leira and

Savras, why should the council single out their followers as

second-class citizens who are unworthy of leadership positions

within our realm?

Cry  from  the  Crowd:  They  arent  fit  to  carry  Mystras

spell components!

DG: Despite my hopeful words, I do not foresee the followers

of these deities receiving a fair audience among the rabid par-

tisans assembled here today. I therefore rise to inform you that

as of this morning, more than a dozen skyships have already

left Halruaa in search of a new home where the followers of

the Lady of Mists can govern themselves in peace.

Cry from the Crowd: Liar! You Leirans seek only to sow

confusion. I doubt theres more than one ship, and that one

is  more  likely  fleeing  than  heading  toward  some  mythical

land!

DG: On that note, I bid you farewell.

 ELB

d

o

o

W

m

a

S

y

b

n

o

i

t

a

r

t

s

u

l

l

I

Exodus of Leirans

65

AGE OF HUMANITY

165 DR Year of the Smoking Brazier

Rise of the Triton Protectorate of Pumana in Sers.

168 DR Year of Scattered Stars

A wizard of unknown ancestry calling himself Halaster Blackcloak [307],

later identified as the Raurinese wizard Hilather [150, 1026], builds a tower

and fortified ramparts in the middle of the Deepwater Plateau, to the north

and west of the burgeoning farms along the harbor shore in Waterdeep. He

begins exploration of the Underhalls of the Melairkyn and claims the delv-

ings for himself.

171 DR Year of Unkind Weapons

The elves of Cormanthyr complete a two-year-long siege to destroy the sole

surviving temple to Moander in northern Arcorar at the site of present-day

Ylash. The wizards of Cormanthyr use High Magic to banish the Jawed

God from the Realms.

173 DR Year of Screaming Sharn

Several followers of Leira, dissatisfied with the stranglehold that worshipers

of Mystra and Azuth have gained over the Council of Elders, depart Halruaa

in skyships. These wizard lords eventually settle on the island of Nimbral.

Though the Nimbrans are Halruaan by blood, they are a distinct culture

separated from their kin by many miles of ocean.

175 DR Year of the Black Boats

The orcs of the Severed Hand sack Port Llast (formerly Graths Hold). Much

of the citys population travels south to Eigersstor and safety.

177 DR Year of the Troublesome Vixen

The elves of Iliyanbruen destroy the orcs of the Severed Hand and Argrock,

though the effort costs much of their strength. Within three years, Iliyan-

bruen is no more. Many of its moon elf inhabitants travel west to Evermeet

[1100, 342] or south to Ardeep, leaving only scattered wood elf settlements

and the abandoned capital of Sharandar.

183 DR Year of the Murmuring Dead

Uthgrael Aumar, the Stag King, founds Athalantar.

189 DR Year of the Cowled Defender

Bregg the Strong, a mighty berserker, launches a rebellion against the witches

of Rashemen when they refuse to name him Iron Lord on the death of the

previous lord. Berserkers loyal to Bregg cut down dozens of hathrans in the

first hours of his revolt.

191 DR Year of the Broken Lands

The realm of Yarlith [568] is formed north of Uthtower and south of Eigerss-

tor to prevent dynastic squabbling between the twin heirs to the throne of

Uthtower.

193 DR Year of the Raised Brow

Death of King Callidyrr Hugh of Corwell.

194 DR Year of Coiling Smoke

Breggs rebellion is finally crushed. The hathrans take to wearing masks to

conceal their true identity as a consequence of Breggs war.

198 DR Year of Almond Eyes

The goblinkin of Hlundadim [111, 200] invade Cormyr, burning the settle-

ment of Arabel and plunging south into the Kings Forest.

199 DR to 308 DR

Crown against the Scepter Wars: Hlondath instigates the Crown against the

Scepter Wars, intent on raiding Cormanthyr for magic. Ultimately the con-

flict ends in victory for Cormanthyr.

c. 200 DR

Settlers from Elembar, Athalantar, Uthtower, and Yarlith establish a series

of frontier holds known as the Mlembryn lands in the region straddling the

River Dessarin.

 Cedarsproke, a druid enclave dedicated to Silvanus, is established deep in

the Gulthmere Forest [1358].

200 DR Year of Leaping Flames

The armies of Cormyr led by King Moriann defeat the goblinkin of Hlun-

dadim [198, 268] north of Suzail and drive them out of the kingdom and

into the Stonelands.

I

l

l

u

s

t

r

a

t

i

o

n

b

y

D

a

v

i

d

M

a

r

t

i

n

201: Coronation of Cymrych Hugh

The  following  text  was

scribed  at  the  coronation

of  the  High  King  upon

Temple Hill, on the four-

teenth day of Eleint, in

the  Year  of  the  Student

(201 DR).

With  this  crown,  crafted  by  the  fair

folk  of  Synnoria,  I  pledge  to  lead  with

wisdom and justice. With this sword, forged

by the dwarves of Highhome, I pledge to remain

stalwart and true. And with this ring, a gift from

my  cherished  wife  Allisynn,  I  pledge  to  lead  with

compassion and love.

Brothers and sisters, smile with me! The beast Kazgoroth

curse his namehas been defeated, and his drathak have been

driven from our lands. Our fields are fruitful and our bodies

hale. Courage unites us today under a single pennant, and our

hearts are filled with the love of the Earthmother.

I name this soil Callidyrr after my father, who has been

gone these eight winters, and here I shall construct a mighty

citadel in his honor. Caer Callidyrr shall be the home of my

court and the capitol of our land. The Moonshaes are choice

above all other lands, and together we will endeavor to keep

them so. Our grandfathers left distant Ebenfar to escape the

Shadowking Verraketh and protect their children. Look in

the eyes of those children today and see the pride therein.

No longer are we feuding tribes of lost Talfir. No

longer shall we cower before Storm and Shadow.

Smile  with  me,  brothers  and  sisters,  and

embrace your neighbor in celebration. We

are the Ffolk of Moonshae, and today

I am your High King!

 BRJ

Sword of Cymrych Hugh

66

AGE OF HUMANITY

201 DR Year of the Student

Cymrych Hugh defeats the beast Kazgoroth and is crowned High King of

the Moonshae Isles.

202 DR Year of the Fanged Gauntlet

The War of Claws: Prompted by the demon lord Eltab [106, 922], the realm

of Eltabranar invades Mulhorand and Unther and continues to raid cities

and towns in both realms for the next two years.

204 DR Year of the Avarice

End of the War of Claws as Eltabranar is defeated by the forces of Mulhorand

led by an incarnation of Anhur wielding the legendary blade Hadryllis. The

demon lord Eltab is defeated and imprisoned in a demoncyst beneath what is

now Thaymount in present-day Thay.

205 DR Year of the Greengrass

Settlers from Uthtower, Yarlith, and the Mlembryn lands recolonize Illusk

[152, 306]. Taman Steeldrake becomes Grand Prince of Illusk.

207 DR Year of the Majestic Mace

The dwarf realm of Ironstar falls.

211 DR Year of Spoiled Splendors

The four tribes of Arkaiun barbarians flee the Council Hills region ahead

of invading Untheric and Mulhorandi armies and migrate southwest. They

roam the grasslands along the southern coast of Faern, eventually settling

along the coast of the Bay of Dancing Dolphins.

 Clan Melairkyn, forced to retreat to successively lower and less important

levels of the Underhalls by the drow, finally vanishes. The drow name their

new holdings Kyorlamshin and claim most of fallen Melairbode [677, 658]

as their demesne.

212 DR Year of the Awakening Magic

Durpar makes a second attempt to free the coastal cities of Veldorn from

monster influence and is again repulsed. [143]

216 DR Year of the Battle Horns

The North erupts in battle as many orc bands vie for supremacy, and count-

less thousands of goblinkind perish. Upon the death of the Stag King, his

five sons, known thereafter as the Warring Princes of Athalantar, begin open

battle for the throne.

218 DR Year of the Dancing Lights

The settlement of Krenadir is founded in Luiren.

 Prince Belaur proclaims himself King of Athalantar and takes the throne

with  the  aid  of  hired  wizards.  The  new  king  names  all  his  wizard  allies

lords of the realm. These cruel, avaricious wizards soon become known as

magelords.

220 DR Year of the Sword Violets

Coronal Eltargrim opens the forest of Cormanthor to non-elves, NTelQ uess,

primarily  druids,  great  wizards,  and  crafters  who  can  add  to  the  glory  of

Cormanthyr.

227 DR Year of the Raised Banner

The dwarves of Alaoreum [1150] fight and win an epic battle with the red

dragon Stormcrossing. The dwarves win, but the humans are alerted to their

presence in the mountains of Turmish.

 The human realm of Tathtar is established at the western end of the Vilhon

Reach by the warrior Haedrar Mornlight.

 The adventurer Orluth Tshahvur establishes the realm of Shavinar [277]

to the north of present day Baldurs Gate in an attempt to unite human stead-

ings for common defense against marauding monsters, frequent troll raids,

and outlaws cast out of more southerly Sword Coast cities.

 The halfling realm of Meiritin [231] is established north of the Tejarn

Hills,  along  the  eastern  shores  of  what  is  now  known  as  Lake  Esmel  in

Amn, by three halfling clans from the Purple Hills in Tethyr, led by Rildoar

Amethystall.

230 DR Year of the Wailing Dryads

The  realm  of  Tathtar  on  the  Deepwash  seeks  to  expand  its  territory  into

the  weak  eastern  areas  of  Tethyr,  coming  into  conflict  with  the  Shoon

Imperium.

231 DR Year of the Mist Dragon

The Mad Mage Ihundyl conquers the halflings of Meiritin [227, 284] and

declares himself ruler of the Calishar Emirates. Mild unrest farther south

near Shoonach delays a military response from the Shoon Empire.

232 DR Year of the Leaping Centaur

Several  rock  gnome  and  deep  gnome  clans  build  the  underground  city  of

Dolblunde [614] under the leadership of Olbrent Handstone.

236 DR Year of the Plague Clouds

In a secret meeting, Iryklathagra [150, 245] and Shoon IV [132, 322] plot the

destruction of Rhimnasarl the Shining, a great silver dragon of the March-

ing Mountains who has long opposed the oppressive rule of the Shoon. After

the death of Rhimnasarl, the qysar betrays Iryklathagra, keeping the silver

dragons hoard. In reaction to this event, Iryklathagra establishes a secret

lair of her own elsewhere in the Marching Mountains and set about build-

ing its defenses.

238 DR Year of Many Mushrooms

Ihundyl meets his demise at the hands of Elminster Aumar [240] and Myr-

jala Dark-Eyes.

240 DR Year of the Chosen

Peace  treaties  are  established  between  the  Shoon  Imperium  and  Tathtar,

ending the conflict between them.

 Athalantar adopts a new royal line when Elminster Aumar [238, 241] is

made a Chosen of Mystra and forgoes the throne after defeating King Beluar

and the Magelords. Helm Stoneblade is crowned King of Athalantar.

241 DR Year of the Hippogriffs Folly

In late autumn, the former and sole surviving Prince of Athalantar, Elminster

Aumar [240, 324], enters the city of Cormanthor both to serve Mystras will

and to return the kiira (lore gem) of House Alastrarra.

244 DR Year of the Elfsands

Evereskas existence is discovered by non-elves, though the secret is kept for

centuries by the human tribes of the Greycloak Hills.

245 DR Year of the Dun Dragon

King Iltharl abdicates the throne to his sister Gantharla, first Queen of Cormyr.

Iltharl retires north to Cormanthor to live with the elves.

 The city of Vaelan [241, 1043] is overwhelmed by werecreatures led by

a wererat prince. Thousands of refugees continue to flee to Durpar to avoid

the monster incursions.

 Iryklathagra [236, 322] launches a reign of terror on the lands surrounding

her lair that bedevil a succession of qysars.

249 DR Year of the Crystal Casket

The  cabal  of  wizards  in  Unther  calling  themselves  The  Black  Flame  is

no more after its members are destroyed by rivals or lost in travels to other

planes. They leave behind many powerful spells that later form much of the

arsenal of the Red Wizards [922] of Thay.

250 DR Year of the Storm Crown

Death of High King Cymrych Hugh. With no heir to the throne, the king-

doms of Moonshae split among the islands.

251 DR Year of the Strange Seedlings

The Shou Lung are driven from Wa by Nitta Shogoro, the Hidden Shogun.

The Order of the Mouse produces evidence to Nitta showing that the Order

67

AGE OF HUMANITY

of the Snake assisted with the Shou Lung invasion, but the Order of the

Snake  leaders  go  underground  before  Nitta  can  take  action  against  them.

Civil war rocks the island for more than 200 years before a stable govern-

ment emerges, but the various petty warlords of Wa present a unified front

against the outland invaders.

253 DR Year of Somber Smiles

The panther Guenhwyvar is transformed into a unique figurine of wondrous

power by Anders Beltgarden, a human wizard settler of Cormanthyr. The

figurine is granted to the young bladesinger Josidiah Starym.

 The  twelfth  Emperor  Chin  of  Shou  Lungs  Kao  Dynasty,  faced  with

defeat in Wa, declares The Unleashing of Shackles. Wa is recognized as an

independent state, and the tattered remains of the Shou Lung Regiment of

the Grey Blossom are withdrawn from Wa. Many monuments are erected in

the capital declaring the wondrous nature of the emperor as the sage eman-

cipator of noble foreign peoples.

 On the Nights of the Screaming Demons, a six-day span in autumn, major

cities along the Fenghsintzu River in Tu Lung are visited by great, roaring

spirits that chase people from the streets. The next morning, several promi-

nent bureaucrats are discovered missing. Those missing were noted for their

incompetence and corruption, so their passing was noted only to make the

other bureaucrats more responsive to the peoples needs. The autobiography

of a Hsin-to crime lord, published in 295 DR, links the Black Leopard Cult

[224, 803] to the Screaming Demons, but no other mention is made.

256 DR Year of the Thousand Snows

The Ffolk of the Moonshaes concede the northern isles to Illuskan invaders

from the island nations of Tuern and Gundarlun.

257 DR Year of the Speaking Mountain

Mount Ugruth [1359], the long-smoldering volcano looming over the city

of  Hlondeth  in  the  Vilhon  Reach,  erupts,  covering  the  area  with  ash  for

nearly the whole year. The resultant unrest leads to the fall of the ruling

House Gestin.

260 DR Year of Sunless Stones

A gold and silver rush in the Deepwing Mountains serves as the catalyst for

the founding of Lachom.

 Chondath establishes two new frontier towns, Timindar and Orbech, near

the ever-decreasing border of the Satyrwood.

261 DR Year of Soaring Stars

The elf city at the heart of Cormanthyr becomes the unified city of Myth

Drannor. Coronal Eltargrim, in an edict called the Opening [462], declared that

Cormanthyr was to be an open realm, accessible to all non-elves (NTelQ uess),

following the laying of the mythal and the renaming of the city.

262 DR Year of Pages Perilous

Formation of the Eldreth Veluuthra: Five leading elf housesBharaclaiev,

Hyshaanth, Rhae-vaern, Tellynnan, and Starymdeclare that they cannot

support the coronal of Cormanthyrs liberal attitude toward non-elves (par-

ticularly humans), nor can they allow the continued encroachment of humans

into ancestral elf lands. Rather than battle fellow elves, the five houses depart

Myth Drannor and began to catalog the crimes of humans against both nature

and the land they inhabit. [757]

266 DR Year of the Unspoken Name

A number of humans are murdered in Myth Drannor by a bigoted servant elf

of House Ammath, secretly working for its rival, House Symbeam.

267 DR Year of Banes Shadow

Crushed Helm Massacre: An army 10,000 strong from Chondath marches

into the Chondalwood. After less than a day of fighting with the wood elves,

only 200 men escaped.

 Lumberjacks abandon the Chondalwood and establish the city of Hlath

near the Nunwood.

 Battle of Fallen Trees: The Chondathan logging towns of Timindar and

Orbech are destroyed by elves attacking from within the Chondalwood.

268 DR Year of Cruel Storms

The seemingly unending spread of the great desert Anauroch sees the fall

of the realm of Hlundadim [200, 1104]. Its mysterious ruler known only as

Great Hlundadim disappears, and his goblinkin subjects quickly disintegrate

into warring, nomadic bands.

270 DR Year of the Unheeded Warning

Chondath and Turmish armies engage. The encounter becomes known as the

Stalemate, neither side getting enough of an upper hand to declare victory.

273 DR Year of the Delighted Dwarves

Three dwarf clans from Ammarindar and Citadel Felbarr [329, 1104] migrate

together to Myth Drannor.

276 DR Year of the Burnished Blade

The Magister Ergrith Klavulgrun, known as The Kingslayer, begins slaugh-

tering merchant lords of Tashalaran cities and neighboring realms.

 The forges of the dwarf clans Snowsbattle and Honedaxe produce three

great gifts in gratitude for their new homes here: the Beljuriled Belt of Battle

for the coronal; the Shield of Briars for the Arms-Major; and the Heralds

Horn for the Spell-Major of the AkhFaer (which became better known later

by its primary wielders name as The Harking Horn of Ishild).

277 DR Year of Broken Flame

The kingdom of Shavinar [227], between the Troll Hills and the River Chi-

onthar, falls to trolls.

284 DR Year of Fallen Flagons

A great halfling migration hundreds strong arrives at Myth Drannor from

Meiritin  [231,  491]  and  Tethyr  by  way  of  the  first  open  portals  set  up  to

bring folk to the city.

285 DR Year of Wasteful Pride

The Shoon Imperium seizes control of Lapaliiya [34, 656], though the regions

cities remain effectively independent during the reign of Q ysara Shoon V.

 A failed uprising in Untisczer leads the Shoon Imperium to launch the

long-planned Tashalar Campaigns. After destroying Untisczer in a show of

imperial might, the qysaras troops quickly install military governors in every

city along the Tashtan coast.

 Anthilar [1056], the legendary Archmage of Untisczer, flees the destruction

of his city by the Shoon Imperium and flees to a secret lair in the mountains

west of the Tashan Gap. There he becomes a lich, working in secret to control

the merchants of Tashluta.

 The reach of the Shoon Imperium extends westward into the savage land

of Thindol. Conflicts with the lizardfolk of the region sharply reduce their

number on the central Chultan Peninsula.

 The  slave-nation  of  Nimpeth  is  founded  and  becomes  the  first  Vilhon

city-state to withstand the might of Chondath. Numerous attempts to take

it over militarily prove fruitless.

286 DR Year of the Jolly Mongrels

The halfling immigrants to Myth Drannor open taverns to all races, thereby

causing all elf-run taverns, inns, and halls to lessen their strictures on patrons

over the next several years.

289 DR Year of Waking Dreams

King Torst of Cormyr and his brother Prince Gordroun are slain in the siege

of flooded Marsember. Their younger brother Keldroun is crowned king, and

the city is abandoned to the lizardfolk.

290 DR Year of Full Cribs

Arkhenthus the Mage-Devourer, the ancient white wyrm, dies by the swords

of six flying elves and humans. This marks the first Cormanthyran dragon-

hunt involving non-elves.?

68

AGE OF HUMANITY

 This year marks the greatest number of births in Cormanthyrs history.

While only half are elf babies, there are more full-blooded elves born in this

lone year than in the previous decade. The coronal deems this a sign of the

realms health and the rightness of his quest for unity among all the races.

292 DR Year of Frost res

Gnomes walk the sylvan glades of Myth Drannor for the first time since

escaped gnome slaves passed through Cormanthor in Netherils time.

 Aloevan,  laranla  of  Ardeep,  embraces  the  service  of  both  Mystra  and

Sehanine and is made a Chosen of both goddesses.

293 DR Year of Hounds

The Thinguth are liberated when

soldiers  of  the  Shoon  Empire

defeat the lizardfolk tribes.

 Upper  Tathtar  is  overrun

and destroyed by an orc horde

led  by  the  chieftain  Thaur-

garl  Greatmaw.  Only

Lower Tathtar survives the

collapse.

300 DR Year of the

Late Sun

By  the  death  of  Q ysara

Shoon V, Shoon satraps rule

greater Thindol, the Tasha-

lar,  the  cities  of  Lapaliiya,

and all the major settlements

of the Shaar as far east as the

Landrise.

 Mock  wars  are  staged

between  representatives  of

Turmish and Chondath. This

Shieldmeet event continues to

the present day.

 The  bardic  college  Aca-

demia Vilhonus is founded and

starts the Turmish custom of

painting  dots  on  the  fore-

heads of learned men.

 The theocracy of Minsor-

ran,  the  Lands  of  Balance,

consecrates  its  lands  around

Lake  Weng  in  present-day

Amn.

d

o

o

W

m

a

S

y

b

n

o

i

t

a

r

t

s

u

l

l

I

302 DR Year of the Deep

Bay

Tavaray  is  abandoned  as  the  surrounding

Lizard Marsh rapidly expands, prompting a wave of

migration northward along the coast and eastward

up the lower Delimibiyr Vale.

Cormanthyran methods of battle. More than four hundred humans and one

hundred dwarves eagerly enlist.

 The  apprentices  to  Halaster  [168,  309],  known  as  the  Seven  (Arcturia,

Jhesiyra Kestellharp, Muiral the Misshapen, Nester, Marambra Nyghtsteel,

Rantantar, and Trobriand the Metal Mage), leave Halasters Hold hoping

to establish their own holdings in the subterranean depths. The tower and

surface holding fall into decay and ruin, and the tribes of Blackcloak Hold,

as the settlement had come to be known, quickly learn to avoid the cursed

enclosure.

308 DR Year of Promise

Aloevan  of  Ardeep  descends  into  madness

and  death  as  the  silver  fire  of  Mystra

consumes her, although later reports

suggest she survives after a fashion

beyond the ken of mortals. Ruardh

Lightsilver  becomes  laranlor  of

Ardeep.

309 DR Year of the

Cascade

After  many  years  of  extermi-

nating  large  pockets  of  drow

and  duergar,  Halaster  Black-

cloak [307, 668] now rules the

Underhalls.

 The port city of Cham Fau

is settled within a lush valley

along  the  Hungtse  River  in

Shou  Lung.  Construction  on

the nearby White Tiger mon-

astery  is  completed  in  the

same year.

 Queens  Consort  Karazir

Tiiraklar  of  Tethyr  and  his

brother Ellessor lead an army

to conquer the uncivilized

lands to the east, which had

been home to humans, elves,

dwarves, and other human-

oids living in small moun-

tain settlements since the

Second Age of Calimshan.

Ellessor becomes the duke

of  the  newly  established

duchy of Elestam.

314 DR Year of the

Stammering Apprentice

The  trade  city  of  Shantil  (pres-

ent-day  Cathyr)  is  founded  in

316 DR Year of the Vibrant Land

The city of Khltar is founded by the dwarves of the Great Rift [1250, 1369]

to facilitate trade with the humans of the Shaar.

317 DR Year of the Riven Shield

A trade dispute sparks the first MulhorandiDurpari Coin War.

319 DR Year of the Unforgotten Fire

Start of the Eighth Sers War: Conflict between the shalarins of Asarem and

the merfolk of Hmurrath against the ixitxachitl of Paolan Reef.

320 DR Year of the Bright Plumage

The Infernal Death: A plague characterized by mild fever and mania strikes

the cities of Memnon, Teshburl, Keltar, Calimport, Myratma and Shoonach

69

The lizardfolk conquer Marsember

Dambrath.

306 DR Year of the Fanged Horde

The kingdom of Grimmantle in the Mlembryn lands falls to the Thousand

Fangs orc horde, which then assails Illusk [205, 611] and Neverwinter. The

horde is eventually blunted and scattered by a mercenary army led by Grauth

Mharabbath, the Knight of Many Battles.

 A mighty host of orcs descends on Rashemen from the Sunrise Mountains

but is driven off.

307 DR Year of Sundered Sails

After  decades  of  debate,  the  elves  decide  to  allow  NTelQ uess  (non-elves)

to join the AkhVelahrn (the army of Myth Drannor) after training in the

AGE OF HUMANITY

in Calimshan. Combusting corpses during the plague-filled summer lead to

the Plague Fires in Calimport.

 The cities of Nleeth, Amah, and Reth are established as training centers

for the mock combat between Turmish and Chondath.

321 DR Year of the Blessed Sleep

End of the Eighth Sers War: This war destroys the ixitxachitl kingdom of

Paolan Reef off the southern shore of Impiltur southern and west of present-

day Thesk. The reef still exists as a geographic point, not a political border,

and it is an aquatic wall/reef ten miles wide and two hundred fifty miles long

running from Wayrock to Cape Dragonfang.

 Valashar [356] is added to the Shoon Empire, stretching from the head-

waters of the Sulduskoon to those of the Amstel River to the north with its

western border abutting the halfling realm of Meiritin. The Tethyrian prince

Ashar Tornamn, fourth nephew of King Karan Tiiraklar II, is named king

of this short-lived realm.

322 DR Year of Seven Scales

Iryklathagra [245, 358] brazenly confronts Shoon VII [347], the great-great-

great-grandson of Shoon IV [236]. She settles onto Q ysars Square before the

Imperial Palace in Shoonach and dares the qysar to respond to her presence.

After several days of tense negotiations, the blue dragon departs peacefully with

a fraction of the hoard she claims as hers. Instead of delivering the treasure,

Shoon attacks the dragon, starting the Sharpfang Battles.

323 DR Year of the Miscast Shadow

The empire of Ebenfar collapses after the imprisonment of the Shadowking

[140, 1364].

324 DR Year of Freedoms Friends

The Harpers at Twilight [386] are formed in secret deep in the Elven Court

woods by Dathlue Mistwinter, the Lady Steel, whose family crest (a silver

harp between the horns of a crescent moon, encircled by stars on a black

field) becomes the badge of the Harpers. Among the early members were

elf, human, and half-elf warriors, rangers, druids, thieves, and mages, includ-

ing  Ruehar  Oakstaff,  Ioelena  Audark,  Lyari  Pholont  the  Shadesilk,  and

Elminster [241, 331].

326 DR Year of Secret Slaughters

In the Shining Plains, the cities of Ormath and Lheshayl meet on the Field of

Tears to dispute the others claim on the area for its horses and grazing. The

two armies battled for more than a week before an outside forcethe Tenpaw

tribe of the wemicsdrove both sides from the field of battle.

328 DR Year of the Ermine Cloak

The Lluirwood is separated into two partsthe Lluirwood and the Southern

Lluirwoodby logging operations and a new trade road to the west.

329 DR Year of the Closed Scroll

Hlondath  is  abandoned  when  the  encroachment  of  Anauroch  begins  to

destroy its fields. Its inhabitants migrate east to the Moonsea and south into

the Dalelands.

 Ioulaum [339] is apparently slain by a cabal of illithiliches. In revenge,

his apprentice Tabra slaughters the illithids of Ellyntaal.

 The Anauroch Desert ceases to spread when the sharns [354] finally defeat

the phaerimms [100, 464].

 Orcs sack the surface fortress of Citadel Sundbarr.

289: A Day of Three Kings

The following passage was taken from the personal diaries of Mornthar Bleth, squire to Prince Gordroun of Cormyr. Mornthar

lived to become head of his noble family only to be assassinated during the Thronestrife by Gordron, the son and henchman

of Gorauna. Mornthars grandson Darneth became one of King Thargreves staunchest allies after that ruler had brought an

end to the darkest era in the history of the Forest Kingdom. The diaries are now kept in the Royal Archives in Suzail

Today  was  surely  the  blackest  day  in  the  entire  history  of

the realm. My tears flow like the flooded cobbles of nearby

Marsember, and I can barely see to put quill to parchment.

My  master,  Prince  Gordroun,  is  deadand  with  him  good

Torst,  his  elder  brother  and  king.  Keldrounthe  youngest

brotherhas taken up the diadem of Iliphar, but he rules a

land filled with sorrow. The soil of Cormyr is soaked with the

Blood Royal, and Baerauble paces back and forth before the

royal tent, his face a mask of stone.

What started as a morning of hope and promise has turned

into disaster. The floods that had been threatening to inundate

Marsember all season finally burst through the earthen dikes,

sending the mercenary forces of the pirate Kurrurdan and

his would-be usurper son Belorthknown to all as the Pre-

tenderto higher ground outside the city. There we attacked

them and slew the pirate forces in droves, taking no quarter.

When  the  day  slipped  into  twilight,  King  Torst  stood  alone

against  Kurrurdan  and  Belorth.  Most  of  the  royal  retinue

lay dead; the rest had been scattered. While the king and the

usurper traded blows, the treacherous Kurrurdan drove his

dagger into Torsts back. Laughing, Belorth sought Beshabas

regard  by  stabbing  home  his  own  blade,  but  his  mirth  was

curtailed by the sharp sword of my master, who had crept up

stealthily in the vain hope of saving his brother.

When he saw his son lying dead, Kurrurdan turned tail

for  sodden  Marsember,  and  before  I  could  shout  warning

or plead for caution, my liege gave chase. He could not have

known that with the rising waters had come the lizardfolk

of the coast, intent upon seizing the opportunity for food and

plunder. During the battle between Cormyrs royalty and the

pirates, the scalejaws had made themselves masters of the city.

I cried out for him to stop, but he would not heed me, and such

was the speed of his pursuit that my young legs could not catch

him. It was not long thereafter that I heard the screams and

the bestial hissing. Treading cautiously, I discovered Gordrouns

grim fate. So well had the lizardfolk dined that little remained

of him to bury.

When I told the new King Keldroun my tale, he declared

that Gordroun would be considered a King of Cormyr, though

he had never been crowned. Then the king took me into his

embrace and fell to weeping.

 GK

70

AGE OF HUMANITY

330 DR Year of Roused Giants

Arun Maerdrym [386] is born the first half-elf among the senior noble Houses

of Myth Drannor; to the surprise of many elves, he is accepted by the patriarch

and allowed to retain his name and position in the family and clan.

331 DR Year of the Cold Clashes

Elminster [324, 720] leaves Cormanthyr for the first time in seventy years

at Mystras insistence.

 The orcs of Vastar  [700, 512] launch an unexpected attack on eastern

Cormanthyr late in this year, and occupy some of the lands east of the Elven

Court for the next few years. The orcs spend the next years both solidifying

their forces here and exploring the ruins of the ancient elf temple city.

 The Sossrim clans of the Great Glacier are united under the rule of Yla-

ethar the Bear, who proclaims himself Ornath (king) of the newly founded

kingdom of Sossal [300, 991].

335 DR Year of Seven Stones

The Darkwoods Massacre: The fourth major foray by Myth Drannor forces

against the invading orcs occurs within the Darkwoods in high summer. The

battle is lost as the orcs surround over half of the allied forces and decimate

them in their sleep; since the human guards were also among the slain, no

explanation is apparent for the negligence. In all, more than 1,000 soldiers

died that night, though only 100 of them were elves.

336 DR Year of the Whipped Cur

A Halruaan wizard named Labrand comes into possession of the Crown of the

Mountain. Labrand uses the ancient artifact to carve a subterranean waterway

from the tip of Cape Talath to the head of the Thingulph in Thindol.

339 DR Year of the Vanished Foe

The orcs in the eastern forest are routed by elf and human forces. Instru-

mental in the battles is the human warrior Velar. Velar and his human (and

some elf) allies resettle the lands around the coastal forest, and the area soon

becomes known as Velarsdale.

342 DR Year of Cantobele Stalking

Athalantar falls to an orc horde from the High Moor. The orcs are in turn

destroyed by an unlikely alliance of moon elves from Ardeep and dwarves

from Dardath. The last Council of Illefarn is called, and the long-fragmented

elf realm of Illefarn is officially dissolved with the remaining wood elves of

Iliyanbruen and many wood elves from Rilithar departing for Evermeet [177,

611]. Ardeep and Dardath formally ally and look to create further alliances

with the humans of the region.

344 DR Year of the Loom

Construction of the House of Stone begins in this year by the dwarves of

Dardath led by Turgo Ironfist.

346 DR Year of Blushing Stars

Seven elf officers of the AkhVelahrn are exiled from Myth Drannor and

Cormanthyr after their court martials discover their barbaric treatment of

non-elf troops and responsibility for the Darkwoods Massacre.

 Arms-Major Pirphal of Cormanthyr commissions the first three Baneblades

for each of his new lieutenants (a halfling, a dwarf, and a human).

 Saeval Ammath [68, 348] returns from an excursion into the western moun-

tains and immediately sequesters himself in a House Ammath towerholding

outside the mythal. While many find this behavior curious, none suspect that

he has found and claimed a dragons egg.

347 DR Year of the Sages Fervor

The scholar-mage Thealnak of Memnon creates the Codex Thealnakkar and

gifts it to Q ysar Shoon VII [322, 358]. He is in turn granted rulership of the

Hakkamate of the Lake of Amin (present-day Lake Weng in Amn).

348 DR Year of the Dagger

Saeval Ammath [346, 358] hatches his foundling red dragons egg. Due to

many enchantments he placed on the egg, the dragons shape is more simi-

lar to a blue dragon, though its tone is still red. Saeval names the hatchling

Garnetallisar [358].

351 DR Year of the Dancing Deer

Yrlaancel grows with an influx of refugees and becomes Ondathel, Eldaths

City of Peace.

352 DR Year of the Dancing Piper

Fire erupts in the city of Alaghn, causing considerable damage to its gra-

naries and shipyards.

356 DR Year of the Errant Kings

 After thirty-five years of expansion under King Ashar, Valashar [321, 358]

(and the Shoon Empire) stretches as far north as the Troll Mountains and

the High Moor. Responding to the claim of northern lands by King Ashar

and the expansion toward Cormyrs western border, King Azoun I mounts

a bold campaign that swiftly crushes Valashars armies on the Fields of the

Dead and then sacks numerous garrisons and the city of Ithmong. The Shoon

Empires borders shrink back to the Giants Run Mountains, and Lord Tor-

namn is executed.

358 DR Year of the Battle Talons

Demron completes the first three Baneblades of Demron, and they are pre-

sented to their wielders amid great ceremony.

 The dragon Garnetallisar [348, 708] becomes known to the folk of Myth

Drannor, as he takes to flying with the wizard Saeval [348, 708] astride his

back. Despite much uproar, Garnet proves himself trustworthy and humble

before the coronal and others. Saevals enchantments give this unique dragon a

lawful good nature. The coronal grants his trust by providing a means for the

dragon and his master to live within the mythal, despite its normal defenses

against chromatic dragons.

 Open hostilities resume between Iryklathagra [322, 366] and Shoon VII

[322,  366],  a  battle  that  again  visits  destruction  upon  Valashar  [356,  375]

during a rare visit by the qysar to the periphery of his domain.

361 DR Year of the Fearless King

Both the Shoon Imperium and the Kingdom of Cormyr decide to extend their

influence into the Western Heartlands.

366 DR Year of Molten Anvils

The last of the battles between Iryklathagra [358, 367] and Shoon VII [358,

367] earned the dragon her common appellation Sharpfangs, as the blue

dragon shattered and nearly bit off the qysars left arm and right leg during

the conflict. Shoon VII and his nemesis battled in the skies over Shoonach

and among the streets of the slaves city just outside the city center.

367 DR Year of Shying Eyes

The city of Phlan [400] is founded on the northern shores of the Dragons

Sea.

 Shoon VII stages his own death. Feigning incapacitation stemming from

his last battle with Sharpfangs [366, 1162], Shoon VII [366, 370] places his

daughter Shaani on the throne and manipulates her into poisoning her appar-

ently infirm father. Secretly immune to the poisons effects, the former qysar

is now free to research a transformation to lichdom.

370 DR Year of Sleeping Dangers

Shoon VII [367, 438] becomes a lich.

374 DR Year of the Thoughtful Man

The House of Silvanus, a druid conclave, is established on the Isle of Ilighn

[724] on Midsummer night.

375 DR Year of the Woeful Resurrection

Ashars March: Ashar Tornamn of Valashar [358, 376] begins a 15-month

march north along the Sword Coast and into the Western Heartlands seeking

to expand the hegemony of the Shoon Imperium.

71

AGE OF HUMANITY

 Human Varae-worshipers from the Shining Plains come north in search

of the lost city of Ssthartissssun. They discover an artifact created by House

Orogoth that transforms them all into ophidians.

383 DR Year of the Quelzarn

The settlement of Ammathluir is founded in Luiren.

376 DR Year of the Leaping Hare

Ashar Tornamn extends the borders of Valashar [375, 491] and the Shoon

Imperium to the High Moor by summer. Crown Prince Azoun I of Cormyr

leads his army against Ashar, driving the Shoonite forces back through Amn,

Tethyr, and Valashar before sacking Ithmong and returning to Cormyr.

379 DR Year of Seven Stars

Seven notable mages in Myth Drannor form an alliance and build the Incani-

staeum, the first school of wizardry open to all the races of the city whose

teachers were not exclusively elves. This group soon becomes known in other

lands as the Seven Wizards of Myth Drannor.

384 DR Year of Dreaming Dragons

Silverymoon Ford  [447], a lowly wood and rope bridge, is built across the

River Rauvin.

385 DR Year of the Ladys Gaze

The city of Hazuth is founded in Dambrath.

386 DR Year of Dawn Moons

Arun Maerdrym [330, 414], called the Half-Elven among the nobles, joins

the Harpers in Twilight [324, 449].

376: The Fields of the Dead

Excerpt from the diaries of Halithurn the Silent, who in his final years traveled to Candlekeep and became an acolyte there,

dying in the Year of the Banished Bard (402 DR) in his 108th year. His writings provide one of the few surviving contemporaneous

accounts of the war between Cormyr and Valashar and from the viewpoint of a common man swept up in a greater struggle.

Aye, twill be a hard winter. Myrkuls eye is upon us for sure, what with all the

swordswingers marching back and forth across our fields. The Calishites rode

through more than a tenday ago, rushing like scared rabbits to get back to Vil-

isher, or whatever they called it.

I remember when they first marched through these parts, more than a

winter ago. With contempt gleaming in their cruel eyes, they picked us clean.

I lost my whole crop of garsar, half the surt, and all my marrado beans, and

others came out even worse.

But killing is all theyve got time for now. Two suns past, Bargred took a

spear through the gut when he confronted them for trampling his fields. Today

I saw whats chasing themmore soldiers, from someplace to the east called

Cormeer, they say. This bunch rode past all tall and proud, carrying a green

banner with a gold crown sitting on a loop of golden chain. Their leaderAzoun,

they called himgave Bargreds widow some gold, but his men still killed her last

pig for marchmeat. I spat in the dust as they hustled past, but they only laughed.

Guess it wasnt worth their effort to kill a graybeard like me.

Weve lived for generations here by the Winding Water. Now the greens

all been churned up by armies from places Ive never heard of, and all thats

left are fields full of stinking corpses. I pray that Eldath curses them for their

bloody hands.

 GK

72

AGE OF HUMANITY

390 DR Year of the Half Moon

The Srinshee [656], High Mage of Cormanthyr and Myth Drannor, goes into

deep mourning for a decade, after her first paramour (and apprentice) in cen-

turies dies in a hunting accident. While she and others suspect that one of the

noble houses had a hand in her beloveds death, no proof ever surfaced and the

matter was dropped. Hereafter, the young-appearing Srinshee never appears

clad in any colors brighter than midnight blue, black being predominant.

 The city of Myth Lharast is established in present-day Amn as a purer

temple city with worship solely to Selne rather than the orthodox theocracy

of Minsorran.

 Followers of Selne begin worshiping the Moonmaiden on the slopes of

Mount Waterdeep.

398 DR Year of the Warning Ghost

The Night Dragons Attack: Five black and two green dragons assault the

mythal directly over Myth Drannor, testing its defenses against them. Lieu-

tenant Itham, commander of the dragonriders, brings their full complement

of six good dragons and one hundred hippogriffs against them. Although all

of the evil dragons are destroyed, they also kill one bronze dragon, half the

hippogriffs  and  their  riders,  and  four  dragonriders,  including  Itham.  The

Baneblade Morvian falls into the possession of Lady Ahskahala Durothil.

Defenders of future Sembia battle the nonhuman hordes for the next fif-

teen years.

403 DR Year of the Black Dagger

The Barony of the Steeping Falls [133, 947] crumbles. Tales tell of terrible

beasts, undead, and other evil creatures that lurk in the ruins, causing the

inhabitants of the nearby regions to avoid the site of Morlin Castle [931].

414 DR Year of Omen Stars

Arielimnda, a human ranger, fellow Harper, and wife of Arun Maerdrym

[386], delivers a human son on Higharvestide. Since he is human, the boy is

not allowed to bear the Maerdrym name. Arun follows an ancient elf custom

and does not name the boy, allowing him the freedom to earn a name (and

perhaps a place in the clan) later.

418 DR Year of the Eagles Flight

The first aarakocra colonists arrive in northern Faern, after generations

of migrating from island to island across the Trackless Sea [677, 987] from

distant Maztica.

423 DR Year of the Velvet Night

Wandering War: Several tribes of Arkaiuns skirmish over territorial rights.

426 DR Year of the Black Dawn

o

n

o

y

L

d

r

a

w

H

y

b

n

o

i

t

a

r

t

s

u

l

l

I

c. 400 DR to 1000 DR

Golden Age of the Payit: The great twin

capitals  of  Tulom-Itzi  and  Ulatos  in

Maztica shine as a beacon across the True

World. In Tulom-Itzi, the Payit build the

great observatory and study the heavens.

Physicians  study  herbs  and  medicines,

and  sages  study  the  ways  of  gods  and

men. They create paper and symbols to

write thereupon, so that their knowledge

can  be  passed  around  the  True  World.

The Payit did not know war. Disease was

a  rare  scourge,  and  the  faithful  clerics

and wise physicians of the Payit learned

to cure most of the afflictions that did

arise. Rain fell when it was needed, and

the humans used great wells as cisterns, to

preserve their moisture against the rare

and short-lived periods of drought.

c. 400 DR

A  large  meteorite  falls  from  the  sky

near  the  Vale  of  Ixtzul  in  Far  Payit,

its immense impact felt throughout the

True World. From within a smoldering

egg twice the size of a temple, the great

wormlike beast HCalos the Star Worm

[600] emerges to feed.

400 DR Year of the Blue Shield

Escalant is founded on the Wizards Reach

by Chessentans.

 Evil,  inhuman  forces  known  collec-

tively  as  the  Dark  Alliance  sweep  out

of Thar and destroy Northkeep. After a

dark ritual is performed by over 40,000

humanoid  priests,  mages,  and  shamans,

the  city  of  Northkeep  sinks  beneath

the  purple  waves  of  the  Dragons  Sea.

The  neighboring  settlement  of  Phlan

[367,  1303]  is  also  sacked  by  the  inhu-

man army.

 Chondathan and Chauncelgaunt (pres-

ent-day  Saerloon  and  Selgaunt)  come

under  attack  by  orc  and  goblin  raiders.

Aruns human son [414] joins students of

the Seven Wizards of Myth Drannor as

a  pupil  of  Mentor  Wintercloak  in  the

school known as the Incanistaeum. At

age twelve, he remains unnamed, though

he  has  a  number  of  nicknames  some

elves gave him, including Biir (garbage,

used  by  commoner  elves)  and  Zenar

(Less  than  half,  as  a  nobles  double

insult against himself and his half-breed

father). His few green elf friends call him

Bhin, or young human.

 The  shadow  dragon  Augloroasa  is

born to Shhuusshuru in the Far Hills.

 Ongild, a Halruaan wizard of some

renown, crafts a magic gem that stores

spells and gives it his name. The ongild

eventually winds up in the belly of a red

dragon named Hoondarrh.

428 DR Year of the Ones Tears

Maharajah  Waileen  V  of  Durpar  dies

without  heir.  A  high  council  of  the

eleven  wealthiest  merchants  is  created

to maintain calm and order until a suc-

cessor can be named.

429 DR Year of the Cats Eye

King Duar sets out to defeat an orcish

army  in  the  Kings  Woods.  In  his

absence,  Duars  father-in-law  Melineth

Turcassan sells the city of Suzail to the

pirate  Magrath  the  Minotaur  for  five

hundred sacks of gold.

432 DR Year of the Sea Princes

King  Duar  seizes  Dheolur  and  defeats

Magrath the Minotaur.

434 DR Year of the Stallion

Triumphant

The duergar temple city, Dirk Hargunen,

is founded.

(Timeline continues on page 87)

Bargred challenges the warriors of Valashar

73

MONARCHIES OF FAERN

Monarchies of Faern

History shows that Faern has enjoyed many masters. The passing millennia  rst saw the domination of the creator races give way

to the hegemony of the dragons. The fearsome dragons were then assailed by the might of the giants. In turn, the elves and the

dwarves gained the ascendancy and brought bright civilization to all corners of the Realms. Yet the passing of the years has seen

that lowly and oft-despised race known as humankind achieve dominion over all others. The rise and fall of the great human king-

doms has de ned the face of Faern in the modern era, and those great kingdoms have had rulers that were greater still. This is a

compendium of the leaders of the humans. Read on in celebration of their name and legend.

Eratharn of Candlekeep

The Kingdoms of Men: A Guide to the Great Rulers

Year of Lightning Storms (1374 DR)

Reading the Lists: In the following tables, the name of a monarch is not preceded by King or Queen (the gender of each individual

is apparent from the notes). Those whose titles included Prince or Princess have their names preceded by P. Those who served as

regents are denoted by [R], with the years of their reigns likewise in brackets. The year of a monarchs death is the same as the end

of his, her, or its reign unless otherwise noted.

Aglarond

Olsynne Dynasty

Brindor

Althon the Old

Elthond

Philaspur

Thara and Ulae

Halacar

Ilione

Alassra Shentrara

the Simbul

Amn

Born

Reigned

Notes

998

1077

1145

1150

1181

1221

1224

766

1065/1128  First king of Aglarond; half-elf leader of forces that defeated Velprin.

1128/1189  Half-elf son and sole heir of Brindor.

1189/1194  First son of Althon.

1194/1197

1197/1257  Twin daughters of Philaspur; first Mage-Queens of Aglarond, joint rule.

1257/1260

Son of Ulae; died at the hands of agents of Thay.

1260/1320  Daughter of Ulae; third Mage-Queen of Aglarond; died of plague.

1320/

Apprentice of Ilione; named as successor to the throne of Aglarond.

Second son of Althon.

Born

Reigned

Notes

Torlath Dynasty

Esmel I Serrus the Great 416

460/511

Imnel I

457

511/520

Rhadik the Bold

Imnel II

Corl I

Esmel II

Marcos Vymmar [R]

Esmel III

Corl II

Rashturl the Watchful

Brinnaq I the Shining

489

512

535

561

539

585

607

628

651

520/551

551/560

560/579

579/601

[601/614]

601/656

656/661

661/680

680/694

672

Esmel IV

Arbas the Black Usurper  666

694/696

696/697

Jhanos the Vengeful

678

697/729

Brinnaq II

Imnel III Longbeard

701

722

729/742

742/860

Shoonite general who established control over the Emirates of Amin.

founding the nation of Amn.

Grandson of Esmel I; original name Jhurik; slain in battle with realm

of Cortryn.

Second son of Imnel I.

First son of Rhadik.

First nephew of Imnel II.

First son of Corl I; died of grief when his wife and eldest son were among

those lost with the fall of Minsorran.

Father-in-law of Esmel II; died 618.

Second son of Esmel II; original name Dharik

Son and sole heir of Esmel III.

Third son of Corl II.

Son and sole heir of Rashturl; first true merchant king who expanded

the realm geographically and financially.

First son of Brinnaq; slain by poison.

Son-in-law of Brinnaq I and married to his only daughter Leluia; slew

all male members of his father-in-laws family present in Amn.

Sixth son of Brinnaq I; returned from abroad with his family to reclaim

the throne; first of the Wizard-Kings of Amn.

First son of Jhanos; second Wizard-King of Amn.

First son of Brinnaq II; third Wizard-King of Amn.

74

MONARCHIES OF FAERN

Jhanos II the Ancient

Rhadik II

the Sleeping King

Imnel IV

759

822

860/941

941/1015

Second son of Imnel III; fourth Wizard-King of Amn.

Fourth son of Jhanos II; fifth Wizard-King of Amn.

960

1015/1094  First son and sole heir of Rhadik II; sixth Wizard-King of Amn; slain

Niskam the Doomed

1061

1094

Rhor the Lackey

1058

Dornak the Puppet King  1065

1094/1095

1095

by Skeletal Finger thieves guild.

Great-grandson of Imnel IV; slain by assassins hired by the powerful

Braethar merchant house.

Bastard son of Imnel IV; placed on throne by Braethar merchant house.

Distant descendant of Rhadik II; usurped throne with assistance of Villax

merchant house, archrival ofBraethar.

Wavegold Dynasty

Erdhinn I

1057

1095/1115  Wavegolds were descendants of Imnel Is daughter Jamyll; loyalist noble

family restored stability to the realm and quelled the ambitions of the

merchant houses for a time.

Thultar Mornhelm [R]

1054

[1115/1127]  High Herald Unicorn; appointed regent after unexpected demise

Belhinn I the Hidden

1111

of Erdhinn and his son and heir Belhinn; died in 1136.

1127/1160  Grandson of Erdhinn; original name Helgrin; safeguarded by King

Proster of Cormyr for much of his childhood in exchange for

advantageous trade concessions.

Rhinn the Pious

1133

1160/1193  First son of Belhinn I; renowned for his religious bent and sponsorship

Erdhinn II

Gelhinn

Belhinn II

1137

1165

1168

1193/1204

1204/1215  Grandson of Belhinn I

1215/1237

of temples and prayer throughout the kingdom; slain by Banite assassins.

Second son of Belhinn I; died of plague.

Brother of Gelhinn; slain by the Black Horde orcs; had a daughter

whom he married to Malek Parhek, the only honorable noble at court.

Parhek Dynasty

Malek

Derek the Drunkard

1198

1225

1237/1249

1249/1258

Son-in-law of Belhinn II; married Princess Peldara, who bore three sons.

Second son of Malek; merchant powers of the kingdom begin

to undermine royal authority during his reign.

Rhothar

1227

1258/1272  Third son of Malek; kingdom suffers internal strife and pressures due to

Dhanar

P. Dhanar the Younger*  1271  

1255

1272/1276

P. Rasa

1271  

Choris Steelsar*

1287  

Rosa Steelsar

P. Rohav Steelsar

the Exile*

1288  

1289  

Rhothar Steelsar*

1290  

P. Malek the Coinmage*  1271  

Rhinn*

Savra

Parav*

1290  

1290  

1295  

Did not rule; noted for line of succession.

machinations of merchant powers grown strong in his brothers reign.

Son and sole heir of Rhothar; assassinated by agents of merchant powers.

First son of Dhanar; sent to Tethyrian Court for protection but died

in 1277 in a hunting accident along with King Errilam of Tethyr.

Twin of Prince Dhanar; sent to Silverymoon for safety under the care of

High Lady Alustriel; married Dornar Steelsar and had four children;

fled Silverymoon with youngest son after attacks by Amnian assassins;

believed to have died in 1302.

First son of Princess Rasa; died with father in 1297 to allow mother

and younger brother to escape Amnian assassins.

First daughter of Princess Rasa; slain in 1297 by Amnian assassins.

Second son of Princess Rasa; kidnapped by Amnian assassins and

brainwashed to believe that he had been rescued; brought to Baldurs

Gate, where he lived in exile until murdered in 1306 by his controllers;

betrayed uncle and his family living in Waterdeep, leading to their deaths.

Disappeared after fleeing Amnian assassins with mother; believed to have

died in 1302.

Second son of Dhanar; raised in Waterdeep and apprenticed to Lady

Shilarn; slain in 1305 by nephew Rohav.

Son of Malek; slain in 1305 by agents of his cousin Rohav in a staged

tavern brawl.

Twin daughter of Malek; believed slain in 1305 by agents of Rohav.

Second son of Malek by second wife (first died giving birth to twins);

slain in 1305 by agents of cousin Rohav.

75

MONARCHIES OF FAERN

Born

Reigned

Notes

Cormyr

Obarskyr Dynasty

Faerlthann First King

Imlon the Touched

Bryndar

Eskruis

Rhiiman the Glorious

Embrus the Old

Kaspler the Learned

Imbre

Sacrast

Daravvan

Dorglor

Embrold

Irbruin

P. Faerlthind*

Moriann

Tharyann the Elder

Boldovar the Mad

7

27

44

33

35

30

66

70

93

109

110

112

127

146

147

167

199

26/55

55/57

57/64

64/66

66/79

79/84

84/90

90/94

94/123

123/124

124/134

134/145

145/169



169/201

201/238

238/246

Iltharl the Insufficient  221

218

Gantharla First Queen

242/245

245/261

Roderin the Bastard

244

261/267

Thargreve the Lesser

225

267/268

Holordrym

Belereve

Thargram

Besmra

Torst

Gordroun

Keldroun

Berost the Bold

Gorann

242

259

260

246

264

268/272

272/274

274/276

276/286

286/289

266

289

266

282

284

289/295

295/301

301/303

Edrae the Doomed Babe  302

303/305

Ulbaeram

Silbran

288

305/308

286

308/320

Raerboth

Baerildo

Belmuth the Bastard

Sargrannon

Ortolar

Imbrus I

306

325

304

324

305

322

320/326

326/328

328/334

334/336

336/337

337/339

First son of Ondeth Obarskyr.

First son.

Son of Imlon; died without issue.

Third son of Faerlthann; died without issue.

Fourth son of Faerlthann; died without issue.

Second son of Faerlthann; two younger brothers preferred

in the succession before him.

First son of Embrus; died without issue.

Second son of Embrus.

Illegitimate son but officially adopted by Imbre;

Regency of the Four Barons during first sixteen years of his reign.

First son of Sacrast.

Second son of Sacrast; suicide.

Third son of Sacrast; adopted Dorglors illegitimate son as heir;

never married.

Son of Dorglor; slain with son and heir.

Son of Irbruin; slain in 169 with father.

Second son of Irbruin; both sons and heirs slain in battle

with goblins of Hlundadim.

Tenth child/third son of Irbruin.

Second son of Tharyann; believed to have strangled his elder brother

Dorglor; believed dead but actually spirited away by Baerauble until

he died; in death claimed by the Ghazneth curse.

Son of Boldovar; abdicated in favor of older sister; died in 298.

Older sister of Iltharl; never married but had an illegitimate son before

her coronation.

Illegitimate son of Gantharla who succeeded her due to the support

of the Silver families and Baerauble; died without issue.

Son of Tharyanns daughter Erthava, who resided in Westgate;

brought to Cormyr by Baerauble.

First son; sole direct heir.

First son of Holordrym; slain by sister Rasthaele.

Second son of Holordrym.

Younger sister of Holrdrym; crowned despite claims of son Torst.

First son; slain in Marsember by his illegitimate stepbrother Belorth

and his stepfather Kurrurdan (Besmras first husband).

Second son; posthumously crowned and added to lineage by Keldroun; slew

Belorth and Kurrurdan before falling to lizardfolk in Marsember.

Third son; slain by nobles.

First son of Keldroun.

Second son of Keldroun; died due to the machinations of his sister

Gorauna and the Purplethroat Plague.

Infant son of Gorann; slain by his mother Jalanthra to escape

Goraunas torments.

Third son of Keldroun; slain in battle with Askran the Pretender,

husband of Gorauna.

Wife of Ulbaeram; took the throne to protect the succession of her son

and Ulbaerams only heir; died in 324.

Legitimate son of Ulbaeram; slain by Gorauna.

Son of Raerboth; slain by Gorauna.

First illegitimate son of Ulbaeram; died of the Purplethroat Plague.

First son of Belmuth; slain on Goraunas orders by Ortolar.

Second illegitimate son of Ulbaeram; slain by Gorauna.

Second son of Belmuth; slain by Gorauna.

76

Rathdar Orlenthar [R]

299

[339/341]

334

Artreth

336

Zoumdan

Imbrus II

339

Meurthe Mad Meurthe  318

329

Kasplara

Jasl the Royal Jester

327

Arathra the Little Spider 322

Barander

329

the Tortured King

Thargreve the Greater

Jarissra

334

345

340

Andilber

the Unfortunate

341

Anglond

Azoun I

358

the Crown Prince of Battles

385

Duar Longyears

339/340

340

340/341

341/344

344/345

345/347

347/348

348/349

349/360

360/369

369/370

370/391

391/425

425/480

Galaghard I

434

480/514

469

Galaghard II

Father of the Dark Princes

Draxius the Neverdying  523

Bryntarth I

Galaghard III

Rhiigard

the Mourning King

Bryntarth II

Arangor

Azoun II

Proster

Baerovus

Palaghard I

852

873

895

943

979

1001

1035

1092

1126

1164

1186

1214

1241

1246

Pryntaler

Dhalmass

Palaghard II

Azoun III

Salember [R]

the Rebel Prince

1286/1335

Rhigaerd II

1335/1371

Azoun IV

[1371/ ]

Alusair Nacacia [R]

Azoun V

1371/

Did not rule; marked for line of succession.

1269

1307

1335

1371

MONARCHIES OF FAERN

Common-born regent of the boy kings: Artreth, Zoumdan,

and Imbrus II.

First son of Ortolar; died of the Purplethroat Plague.

Second son of Ortolar; died of the Purplethroat Plague.

Son of Imbrus I; died of the Purplethroat Plague.

Granddaughter of Gorauna.

Grandniece of Gorauna.

Grandnephew of Gorauna.

Grandniece of Goarauna.

Grandnephew of Gorauna; abdicated in favor of Thargreve;

thereafter known as the Scarred Advisor; died in 372.

Son of Meurthe; slayer of Gorauna.

Niece of Thargreve; abdicated in favor of her cousin Andilber;

died in 390.

First son of Arathra.

Second son of Arathra.

Son and sole heir.

514/554

554/875

875/897

897/953

953/982

Son and sole heir; defeated the pirate lord Magrath the Minotaur

after his first wifes family, the Turcassans, betrayed the realm.

Son and sole heir from Duars second wife; only son died late in his reign,

and he assumed sons identity with aid of Amedahasts longevity magics.

Actually Galaghard I; three sons rebelled against him, and he had

them slain; assumed identity of his third loyal son Draxius.

Actually Galaghard I; death of Amedahast saw end of longevity magics

after longest rule of any Cormyrean monarch.

Son and sole heir of Draxius.

First son; defeated the Witchlords of Wyvernwater.

Rhigaerd I; betrothed prior to his accession to Princess Aliia

of Impiltur, who died in a shipwreck.

First son of Rhiigard.

Son and sole heir; Thauglor the Purple Dragon slain during his reign.

982/1001

1001/1042

1042/1056  First son; died of wounds received when restoring rebel Arabel

to the kingdom.

1056/1122  First son of Azoun II.

1122/1164

1164/1187

Son and sole heir of Proster.

Second son of Baerovus; conqueror of Esparin; took

Enchara of Esparin as his wife.

Son and sole heir of Palaghard I.

Son and sole heir; reconquered Marsember after it rebelled.

Second son of Dhalmass.

Second son of Palaghard II.

1187/1210

1210/1227

1227/1261

1261/1275

1275/1286  Third son of Palaghard II; ruled as regent but refused to relinquish

the throne; slain by Jorunhast.

Son and sole heir of Azoun III.

Son and sole heir of Rhigaerd II.

Second daughter of Azoun IV; the Steel Regent.

Grandson of Azoun IV; son of Tanalasta.

Dambrath

Yaerthal Dynasty

Reinhar I

Reinhar II

Reinhar III

Born

Reigned

Notes

486

545/554

519

547

554/591

591/600

First ruler of Dambrath; united the Arkaiun tribes under his rule;

died in the invasion of Halruaa.

First son of Reinhar I.

First son, sole heir of Reinhar II; he and his two sons are slain by giants.

77

MONARCHIES OF FAERN

Reinhar IV

Reinhar V

Reinhar VI

Reinhar VII

Reinhar VIII

Reinhar IX

572

606

610

668

717

768

600/617

617/647

647/691

691/750

750/801

801/831

Nephew of Reinhar III; died of plague.

Second son of Reinhar IV.

Third son of Reinhar IV.

Fourth son of Reinhar VI.

First son of Reinhar VII.

Fifth son of Reinhar VIII.

Hazmcri Dynasty

Cathyr

Filina

Cathakay

Melinith

Ausitil

Yenandra

the Pirate Queen

Hasifir

Impiltur

Mirandor Dynasty

Inrath I

Inrath II

Varanth I

Tamarth the Tyrant

Loaraven the Poxed

Belrath

Fendarn

Delrath

Delrorn

Torlorn

Varanth II

Morlorn the Usurper

Baranth I

106

76

52

26

24

20

22

2

2

17

40

19

60

74/47

47/18

18/3

3/1

1/3

3/8

8/43

43

43/47

47/68

68/72

72/77

77/124

Inrath III

Inrath IV Lackcrown

87

112

124/157

157/159

Doraven the Bloody

132

159/162

Pendarn

114

Ellarath the Faerie King  136

160

Baranth II

Imindarth

164

Tharaun I the Venerable  163

195

Darthorn I

222

Toaven

268

Tarth

the Prince of Swords

Darthorn II

305

162/178

178/196

196/198

198

198/269

269/271

271/311

311/343

744

831/1035

Half-elf priestess of Loviatar; betrayed the Arkaiuns and established rule

of Dambrath with blessing of the drow of Tlindhet.

876

967

1041

1101

1194

1035/1040  Half-drow daughter and sole heir; committed matricide.

1040/1094  Half-drow daughter; arranged her mothers murder; died without issue.

1094/1215  Half-drow niece of Cathakay.

1215/1275  Half-drow daughter and sole heir.

1275/1356  Half-drow niece of Ausitil; transformed into a spectral guardian

1277

1356/

by her daughter.

Half-drow daughter of Yenandra.

Born

Reigned

Notes

First King of Impiltur; son of Ornrath.

First son of Inrath I.

First son of Inrath II.

Second son of Varanth I; persecuted citizens of Nar stock within

kingdom; assassinated; died without issue.

Third son of Varanth I; killed by plague; died without issue.

Fifth son of Varanth I; usurped throne of older brother, who was on the

frontier fighting an orc incursion; civil war marked the years of his rule.

Fourth son of Varanth I; slew younger brother to regain throne.

First son (twin) of Fendarn; slain by agents of the Thronelord (his

uncle, Loranth Phaelith) and his twin brother.

Second son (twin) of Fendarn; had falling out with uncle

and was assassinated.

Third son of Fendarn by second marriage; overthrew the Thronelord

with the assistance of the Obarskyr mercenary company.

Son and sole heir of Torlorn; poisoned by his uncle.

Fourth son of Fendarn; slain in battle by his nephew.

Son and sole heir of Varanth II; reclaimed the throne after

slaying his uncle.

First son of Baranth I; first wife died of plague.

First son of Inrath III; blighted by plague that killed his mother;

fled Lyrabar after palace revolt by his stepbrother, who eventually

had him tracked down and slain.

Third son of Inrath III and stepbrother of Inrath IV; instigated

palace revolt that placed him on the throne; slain by his older stepbrother,

who returned from Cormyr to reclaim his brothers throne.

Second son of Inrath III.

First son of Pendarn.

First son of Ellarath; died without issue.

Second son of Ellarath; died on coronation night of drunken asphyxia.

Third son of Ellarath; longest reign of any Impilturan monarch.

Second son of Tharaun I.

Son and sole heir of Darthorn I.

First son of Toaven.

343/369

First son of Tarth; defeated pirate raiders from Altumbel.

78

Darthorn III

335

369/375

Auminath I the Scholar  338

360

Auminath II

368

Forlath the Bawd

387

Meldath I the Mighty

419

Meldath II

375/397

397/406

406/411

411/445

445/448

Tharaun II

Sharaun

422

454

448/471

471/512

Durlarven Dynasty

Harandil I the Strong

469

512/537

501

Harandil II

Thorodil the Fierce

524

Bellodar I the Conqueror  560

583

609

Bellodar II

Bellodar III

the Sage King

630

Morus the Crazed

633

Amarkos I

Forvar I

655

Amarkos II Dragonslayer 660

537/562

562/588

588/624

624/642

642/673

673/675

675/685

685/697

697/718

Forvar II

699

718/726

P. Forvar the Younger*  722



Tarrik Dynasty; the Demon Dynasty

Agrosh the Scaled

688

726/729

MONARCHIES OF FAERN

First son of Darthorn II; drowned himself after tragic death of

wife and son in the Prayerbane Plague.

Second son of Darthorn II.

First son of Auminath I; original name Larath; died without issue.

Second son of Auminath I; died without legitimate offspring.

Grandson of Auminath I; life cut short by wounds from battles with orcs.

First son of Meldath I; died in riding accident engineered by

his younger brother.

Second son of Meldath I.

Son and sole heir of Tharaun II; slain with his three sons in battle

against an orc horde from Vastar.

Son-in-law of King Sharaun; married to Princess Tayissa;

defeated the orcs and was made king by acclamation.

First son of Harandil I.

Son and sole heir of Harandil II.

First son of Thorodil; expanded the kingdoms borders into the

Great Dale and up to the shores of Ashanath.

Son and sole heir of Bellodar I.

First son of Bellodar II; his three sisters married paladin brothers

from lands across the Inner Sea.

First son of Bellodar III; insane; died without issue.

Second son of Bellodar III; slew brother when challenged to duel at court.

First son of Amarkos I; died without issue.

Second son of Amarkos I; original name Kelvar; wounds suffered

in battle against red dragon cut his life and reign short.

Son and sole heir of Amarkos II; slain with his wife and infant son

during the attack of the Scaled Horde that overthrows the kingdom.

Son and sole heir; slain in 726 in the attack of the Scaled Horde.

Half-fiend son of Duke Errendil Tarrik, a nobleman of the kingdom and

secret fiend worshiper; claimed throne after death of Forvar II but ruled

in name only; slain during Fiend Wars; throne vacant for over two years.

Elethlim Dynasty; the Paladin Dynasty

Sarshel the True

Halanter I

Erynd I the Penitent

Nord Demonbane

Halanter II

Beldred I Fiendslayer

Beldred II

P. Halanter*

Erynd II

Shaneesa [R]

the Old Dowager

656

732/734

711

739

764

787

816

734/765

765/788

788/811

811/844

844/863

Leader of the Triad Crusade and victor of the Fiend Wars;

first Paladin-King of Impiltur.

Son and sole heir of Sarshel; second Paladin-King of Impiltur.

First son of Halanter I; third Paladin-King of Impiltur.

Third son of Erynd; fourth Paladin-King of Impiltur.

First son of Nord; fifth Paladin-King of Impiltur.

Son and sole heir of Halanter II; reestablished post of Mage Royal

at court; sixth Paladin-King of Impiltur.

Son and sole heir of Beldred I; died of plague, which also claimed the life

of his only son and youngest daughter; eldest daughter became

Queen Cyriana of Tethyr; next oldest married Tethyr nobleman and

did not return to the realm; named his infant nephew as heir

before dying; seventh Paladin-King of Impiltur.

Third child/first son of Beldred II; died of plague in 886.

872

Nephew of Beldred II; died of plague.

875

849

Sister of Beldred II and mother of Erynd II; ruled as regent for her son

887/891  [891/907]  Halanter until his death and then in own right until birth of male heir



886/887

[886/887]

863/886

845

Peverel

891

891/924

for the Elethlim line through her younger sister Coranna; regent for

Peverel; died of plague in 922.

Sole male heir to the Elethlim line; crowned at birth as is custom in

Impiltur and ruled in own right on sixteenth birthday;

died of plague along with his entire family except one daughter.

79

MONARCHIES OF FAERN

P. Amarkos*

P. Beldred*

P. Erynd*

P. Aliia*

908

910

911

909









Did not rule; marked for line of succession.

First son of Peverel; died of plague in 924.

Second son of Peverel; died of plague in 924.

Third son of Peverel; died of plague in 924.

Daughter of Peverel; betrothed to Prince Rhiigard of Cormyr;

died in shipwreck in 926.

Heltharn Dynasty

Imphras I the Great

1063

1097/1122  Defeated the hobgoblin horde that invaded Impiltur and thereby

Imbrar the Lost

1098

1122/1127

reestablished the monarchy; descendant of the line of paladins who

married into the Durlarven line in the time of Bellodar III;

eighth Paladin-King of Impiltur.

Son of Imphras I; disappeared after leading expedition into Giantspire

Mountains to eradicate the hobgoblin menace;

ninth Paladin-King of Impiltur.

1104

1127/1169  Daughter of Imphras I; crowned queen after disappearance of Imbrar

[1169/1185]  but relinquished throne to son at his birth; regent for son until his

Ilmara

Imphras II

P. Talryn*

1169

1188  

1169/1225

sixteenth birthday. Died in 1190.

Son and sole heir of Ilmara; suffered from madness late in his reign.

First son of Imphras II; tried to have his father declared unfit to rule

but was forced to flee into exile after being accused of treason; returned

to the kingdom on hearing news of his fathers death but was executed in

1212 after it is revealed that this is a ruse engineered by his conniving

younger brother.

Second son of Imphras II; controlled the kingdom and ruled in reality

in last years of his fathers reign; slain in bandit attack organized by

his treasonous nephew Prince Thaum of Telflamm, son of Kuskur.

First son of Lashilmbrar; slain in 1294 in bandit attack that also

claimed his fathers life; marked for line of succession but never ruled.

Lashilmbrar the Sly

1190

1225/1294

P. Imphras III*

1276  

P. Kuskur [R]

1198

[1294/1296]  Third son of Imphras II; after death of his brother was regent for

Rilimbrar

1280

1294/1338

P. Imphras IV*

1277  

Sambryl [R]

1299

[1338/]

Soarimbrar the Younger* 1335  

Imphras V*

1350  

Imbrar II

1358  

Did not rule; marked for line of succession.

Rilimbrar until he turned sixteen; called upon the aid of Queen Ilione

of Aglarond to have the Simbul slay his treacherous son Thaum; retired

to Aglarond in disgrace after Rilimbrar resumed his rule. Died in 1298.

Second son of Lashilmbrar; forced to flee when his cousin Thaum led a

mercenary army against him; returned to rule in own right after Thaums

death; created Council of Lords to oversee kingdom after his death.

Great-grandson of Imphras II and son of Thaum of Telflamm;

forced to marry his second cousin Sambryl to ensure that Rilimbrars line

retains control of the throne of Impiltur; marked for line of succession

but never ruled. Died in 1338.

First daughter of Rilimbrar; after death of father and husband due to

fire, was considered to be ruling queen and hence regent for the next male

in succession, following the line of Velimbrar, fourth son of Imphras II.

Descendant of Imphras II through the line of his fourth son Velimbrar;

slain in mysterious circumstances shortly before his formal coronation;

marked for line of succession but never ruled. Died in 1351.

First nephew of Soarimbrar through his sister Ilmara; died of a wasting

disease; marked for line of succession but never ruled. Died in 1363.

Second nephew of Soarimbrar through his sister Ilmara; marked for line

of succession and rightful king of Impiltur.

Milvarn

Mindosel Dynasty

Aubayreer

Born

Reigned

Notes

435

535/642

Nytholops

577

642/719

First Mage-King of Milvarn; apprentice to the founders of the

Covenant and originally from Teshar in the Dalelands.

Son and sole heir of Aubayreer; second Mage-King of Milvarn.

80

MONARCHIES OF FAERN

Lurskas

Jholnareer

P. Elthar*

Khalreer

663

719/968

897

1155  

968/1249

1179

1249/1260

Son and sole heir of Nytholops; third Mage-King of Milvarn;

establishment of Thesk caused Milvarn to exist in name only.

Son and sole heir of Lurskas; fourth and last Mage-King of Milvarn.

First son of Jholnareer; married to Queen Thara of Aglarond but died

in 1245 before he could take throne and unite both kingdoms.

Second son of Jholnareer and last king of Milvarn; having no talent in

the Art, he does not take the title of Mage-King but rules as an oligarch

of Thesk; died without issue.

Did not rule; marked for line of succession.

Narfell

Crell Dynasty

Thargaun*

Derevan

963

Arthauld the Accursed  929

891

Belevan the Unliving

Orgolath Dynasty

Ulthas the Darkwing

Ulthar the Darkhorn

Vargaun

Horthaun

Jelethar the Blackscale

Morthass the Cloven

Nardrad

Orlathaun

666

666

618

570

520

511

468

420

Born

Reigned

Notes

1025  987/946  First ruler of Tharos (until 946) and later Narfell;

human worshiper of Orcus.

946/912

912/890  First son of Thargaun.

Second son of Derevan.

890/843

Son and sole heir of Arthauld; became a lich; overthrown

843/633

by the Demon Twins, Ulthas and Ulthar.

633/623  First half-fiend son (twin) of Ayanna Orgolath, who submitted herself to

the demon lord Grazzt; slain leading invasion of Mulhorand and Unther.

Second half-fiend son (twin) of Ayanna Orgolath; succeeded his brother.

623/578

578/535  First tiefling son of Ulthar.

535/482  Third tiefling son of Vargaun.

482/475  First tiefling son of Horthaun; disappeared on expedition to

Sunrise Mountains.

Second tiefling son of Horthaun.

475/434

443/399  Tiefling son and sole heir.

399

Human son and sole heir; slain by the Ayarch Jesthren,

who claimed the Crown of Narfell.

Darakh Dynasty

Jesthren

431

399/322  Half-fiend son of Larnaeril Darakh, the Fiendwitch,

who submitted herself to the demon lord Orcus.

Heldakar

367

322/299  Half-fiend son of Orcus; mother is of Darakh line and was sacrificed

to Orcus at his birth as becomes tradition.

Yannos the Slayer

338

Garthelaun the Goreclaw  310

259

Ilithkar

245

Rheligaun the Horned

299/270  Half-fiend son of Orcus.

270/235  Half-fiend son of Orcus.

235/181  Half-fiend son of Orcus; overthrown by cousin Rheligaun.

181/150    Half-fiend son of FrazUrb-luu; disappeared following fall of Narfell;

Monarchs of Narfell, whether male or female, carry the title of Nentyarch.

known as the Hidden Nentyarch.

Raumathar

Nhalass Dynasty

Umathar I*

the Horselord

Umathar II

Umathar III

Umathar IV

Darthen I

Shendar

Darthen II

Born

Reigned

Notes

933

900/867  First ruler of Raumathar; united the Raumviran tribes under his rule.

898

858

827

824

783

744

867/821  First son of Umathar I.

821/799  First son of Umathar II.

799/780  First son of Umathar III.

780/749

749/700

700/691  First son of Shendar.

Second son of Umathar III.

Son and sole heir of Darthen I.

81

Umathar V

the Blade of the Plains

Rhendar I

690

Darthen III Fiendbane  665

722

Umathar VI the Grim  636

634

Rhendar II

632

Tharren

629

Sharath the Doomed

Talanthil Dynasty

644

Vayloss Fireblood

600

Corlarth

552

Horlarth

525

Nayloss Fireyes

Vayloss II the Elder

490

Vayloss III the Younger  454

417

Mornarth

378

Tallos I the Windlord

316

Tallos II

281

Mornarth II

277

Tallos III

240

Mornarth III

Tallos IV the Artificer  213

MONARCHIES OF FAERN

691/662    First son of Darthen II.

662/633

633/610

610/605

605

605

605

Second son of Umathar V.

Son and sole heir of Rhendar I; invaded Narfell in 622 DR;

he and first son Rhendar slain in battle with armies of Narfell.

Second son of Darthen III.

Third son of Darthen III; killed by demons sent by Narfell.

Fourth son of Darthen III; killed by demons sent by Narfell.

Fifth son of Darthen III; killed by demons sent by Narfell.

605/559  Made ruler by acclamation; first Sorcerer-Arkhan of Raumathar.

559/499  First son of Vayloss; second Sorcerer-Arkhan of Raumathar.

499/460  Third son of Corlarth II; third Sorcerer-Arkhan of Raumathar.

460/408  First son of Horlarth; fourth Sorcerer-Arkhan of Raumathar.

408/404  First son of Nayloss; fifth Sorcerer-Arkhan of Raumathar.

404/370

Second son of Vayloss II; original name Jharath;

sixth Sorcerer-Arkhan of Raumathar.

Son and sole heir of Mornarth; eighth Sorcerer-Arkhan of Raumathar.

370/323  First son of Vayloss III; seventh Sorcerer-Arkhan of Raumathar.

323/286

286/250  Grandson of Tallos I.

250/215  First son of Tallos II; died without issue.

215/199

199/168

168/154  First son of Mornarth III; ninth Sorcerer-Arkhan of Raumathar;

Second son of Tallos II; original name Dhalarth.

Son and sole heir of Tallos III.

Vayloss IV

the Flamebringer

Monarchs of Raumathar carry the title of Arkhan.

154/150

208

died in assault on Dun-Tharos.

Second son of Mornarth III; tenth Sorcerer-Arkhan of Raumathar;

died in the final assault of the avatar of Kossuth.

Silverymoon

Ecamane Truesilver

Aglanthol the Red

Ederan Nharimlur

Catseye

Amaara Nharimlur

Goldentresses

Elu Dualen

Tanalanthara Mytersaal

She-Wolf

Tanisell the Cloaked

Nunivytt Threskaal

Orjalun

Born

555

Reigned

637/712

649

702

712/719

719/784

Notes

First High Mage; born in Suzail, student of Windsong Tower

in Myth Drannor.

Second High Mage; grandnephew and apprentice to Ecamane.

Third High Mage; married the elf princess Elnaril of Myth Drannor.

738

784/857

Fourth High Mage; half-elf daughter of Ederan; died on Evermeet in 942.

762

857/876

822

877/882

Fifth High Mage; Alustriel of the Seven Sisters in disguise;

retired from office.

Sixth High Mage; deposed the Warlord Lashtor to claim rule.

866

874

989

883/920

920/1050

1050/1230    Ninth High Mage; apprentice to Nunivytt Threskaal; retired from office;

Seventh High Mage; elected to office by citizens; died of fever.

Eighth High Mage.

fate unknown.

Sepur

1185

1230/1232  Tenth High Mage; apprentice to Orjalun; abandoned office and was slain

Alustriel Silverhand

762

1235/1369  Eleventh High Mage; slew the self-proclaimed High Mage

by unknown hands after leaving city.

Taern Hornblade

Thunderspell

1304

1369/-

Shaloss Ethenfrost to gain office.

Twelfth High Mage.

82

MONARCHIES OF FAERN

Tethyr

Born

Reigned

Notes

Ithal Dynasty

Darrom

Silvam

Nishan

Garynor

P. Rhynda [R]

Nishan II

P. Clovis*

P. Yardane*

P. Kymer*

P. Yrdas*

Silvyr*

Did not rule; marked for line of succession.

237

209

179

159

159

79

57

7

10

70

135

212/183  First King of Tethyr; son of Clovis.

Second son of Darrom.

183/118

Second son of Silvam.

118/98

First son of Nishan.

98/75

Twin sister of Garynor; died in 45.

75/64

Second grandnephew of Garynor.

64/6

Third son of Nishan II; died in 6.



Exiled Ithal heir; third son of Clovis; died in 39.



Exiled Ithal heir; first half-elf son of Yardane; died in 175.



Exiled Ithal heir; fourth half-elf son of Kymer; died in 228.



Second elf son of Yrdas; died fighting Shoon VII.

449

Shoon Dynasty of Tethyr/Shoon Traitorum

6/2

Amahl I

2/15

Amahl II

15/27

Amahl III

60

37

14

Brother to Queen Arhymeria Ithal.

Nephew of Amahl I.

Son; became Emperor Shoon I; died in 50.

Cormal Dynasty of Tethyr/Shoon Traitorum

27/63

Rahman

63/97

Leodom I

97/113

Hazam I

113/136

Leodom II

136

Yusuf

136/175

Leodom III

175/187

Leodom IV

[187/193]  Wife of Leodom IV; Widow Regent.

Tasiiva Cormal [R]

193/209

Hazam II

[209/211]

Tebalan Pahuk [R]

[211/217]

Moshafi Telerus [R]

[217/223]

Matamid Korrunhel [R]

223/229

Emyr

Son-in-law of Amahl III/Emperor Shoon I.

Fifth son of Rahman.

Third son (adoptive; wifes son).

First son of Hazam.

Tenth son of Leodom II.

Seventeenth son of Leodom II; original name Ali.

Fourth nephew of Leodom III; original name Kasim.

Second son of Leodom IV.

Court Vizier; Tethyrian loyalist.

Court Vizier; Shoon loyalist.

Court Vizier; Shoon loyalist; died in 251.

Eighth son of Hazam II; died without issue.

4

35

64

85

109

117

149

124

178

158

172

180

208

Korrunhel Dynasty/Shoon Traitorum

Matamid

Xandar

Vajra

180

224

244

229/251

251/260

260/310

Former vizier and regent.

Third son of Matamid.

Sole heir; wife of Karazir Tiiraklar.

Tiiraklar Dynasty/Shoon Traitorum

Karaj

Karaj II

267

290

310/315

315/345

Son of Queen Vajra Korrunhel.

Son of Karaj; heir was sisters eldest son.

Tornamn Dynasty/Shoon Traitorum

Kallos

Nishan

Herakul

Priam

324

345

353

369

345/380

380/383

383/386

386/449

Third nephew of Karaj II; Tethyrian loyal.

Second son; Nishan III; Tethyrian loyal.

Brother of Nishan; traitor/kinslayer.

Son of Nishan; Tethyrian loyalist who secretly aided King Silvyrs return;

granddaughter later married Strohm I; died in 450.

Strohm Dynasty

Strohm I

Strohm II

Strohm III

Strohm IV

Strohm V

275

540

715

745

787

450/662

662/735

735/769

769/802

802/832

First elf son of Silvyr.

Second half-elf grandson of Strohm I.

Strohm IIs human great-great-great grandson.

Third son of Strohm III.

Second nephew and sole heir of Strohm IV.

83

MONARCHIES OF FAERN

Mallorhen Dynasty

Tibor

Samyte the Martyr

799

818

832/838

838/841

Husband of Strohm Vs elder daughter.

First son; sole direct heir; he and sons assassinated.

Bormul Dynasty; The Queens Dynasty

Alisande

Sybille the Great

Cyriana the Great

Teresa the Great

Teremir

Teremir II

816

832

870

893

927

1045

841/847

847/885

885/922

922/957

957/959

1070/1071  Teremirs great-grandson; slew Coram II and restored line.

Second daughter of Strohm V.

Daughter and sole heir; first Great Queen.

First granddaughter; second Great Queen.

Third niece; third Great Queen.

Fifth son; slain by Mhoaran; heirs were two boys and a girl.

Tethyr Dynasty; The Lions Dynasty

Mhoaran

the Tusk-Bearded

Nearel

951

919

974/997

968

Kortal

988

Haedrak

1010

Coram

1050

Coram II

1038

Alemander I

1112

Coram III

1150

Alemander II

Coram IV

1173

Kymer the Shade King  1167

Haedrak II

1199

the Corsair Prince

Errilam

Alemander III

Jaszur

Olosar

Alemander IV

P. Alemander*

Did not rule; marked for line of succession.

1236

1255

1274

1274

1294

1321  

1331

Rhindaun Dynasty

Zaranda

Haedrak III the Scholar* 1334  

1370  

P. Sybille*

1370  

P. Coram*

1370  

P. Cyriana*

Did not rule; marked for line of succession.

1368/

959/974

Cousin of Teremir; son of Cyrianas third sister.

Thirty-second child/seventeenth son of Mhoaran;

slew Teremirs eldest son.

Second son; slayer of Teremirs daughters family.

Second grandson; slain by Teremir II.

997/1022

1022/1059  First cousin on fathers side.

1059/1065  Fifth son.

1065/1070

1071/1145  Wizard and brother of Coram; slew all of Teremirs heirs in 1071.

1145/1181  Third great-grandson.

1181/1202  First grandson.

1202/1218  First legitimate son of Alemander II.

1218/1227  Half-elf bastard son of Alemander II; usurper.

1227/1274

Second son of Coram IV.

1274/1277  Third son of Haerdrak II; died without issue.

1277/1288  First nephew of Errilam; began persecution of elves.

1288/1295  First son (twin) of Alemander III; slain near Waterdeep.

1295/1319

Second son (twin) of Alemander III.

1319/1347  First nephew; slain during 10 Black Days of Eleint.

Second son; died in 1347 during 10 Black Days of Eleint.

Wife of Haedrak III; peoples choice for monarch.

Third son of Alemander IV; husband of Zaranda.

First daughter (triplet) and presumed heir.

First son (triplet).

Second daughter (triplet).

Velprin

Born

Reigned

Notes

Demaz Dynasty

Tholeam I the Wavelord  725

Samar I

Tholeam II

Namar I

Namar II the Hunter

Tholeam III

781

808

840

874

905

773/805

805/846

846/887

887/909

909/937

937/953

Ashtar the Craven

909

953/988

Samar II

945

988/1011

First King of Velprin; a noble of Unther from the Wizards Reach city

of Nethra.

First son of Tholeam I.

Nephew of Samar I.

Son and sole heir of Tholeam II.

First son of Namar I; disappeared while hunting in the Yuirwood.

Second son of Namar II; slain while fighting with the League

of Samathar against Tchazzar.

Third son of Namar II; gave fealty to Tchazzar and became a

vassal of Chessenta.

Son and sole heir of Ashtar.

84

Hallarn I Elfbane

976

1011/1041  First son of Samar II; reign saw continual raiding and skirmishes with

MONARCHIES OF FAERN

Hallarn II

Indrila

Westgate

Kisonraathiisar

the Wyrmking

Saldrinar

of the Seven Spells

Mather Wyrmshroud

1017

1037

the elves of the Yuirwood and independence from Chessenta.

Son and sole heir of Hallarn I.

1011/1058

1058/1065  Daughter and sole heir of Hallarn II; slain in the fighting with Brindor

and the Yuir; Velprin absorbed into the new realm of Aglarond.

Born

?

Reigned

?/349

Notes

Topaz dragon.

?

349/307  First human king of Westgate; slayer of Kisonraathiisar.

365

307/301  Apprentice of Saldrinar; died defending Westgate from the attacks

of three black dragons.

Glaurath the Great

Thorndaer

Orlak the Night King

345

336

343

301/291  Captain of Westgates City Guard and close friend of previous king.

291/286  Captain of Westgates City Guard during reign of Glaurath.

286/137

Became a vampire in 317; seized the throne and ruled until being

destroyed by a company of Lathander-worshiping paladins.

Soleilon Dynasty

Gen the Radiant King

163

137/91

134

Lemere I

the Merchant King

102

Lemere II

Lharida [R]

87

Ryndarth I the Boy King 72

52

Crown Prince Ryndarth

the Younger*

Ryndarth II

the Masque King

?

A paladin of Lathander and leader of the company that destroyed

the Night King and ended his reign of terror.

Son and sole heir of Gen.

91/74

Son and sole heir of Lemere I; married Lady Lharida Ithal of Tethyr.

74/68

[68/55]  Wife of Lemere II; regent for her infant son; died of poisoning.

68/27



Son and sole heir of Lemere II.

Son and sole heir of Ryndarth I; slain by a doppleganger in 27

shortly before his fathers death.

A doppleganger that ruled Westgate in the guise of Ryndarth II

for nearly a year.

27

Mulan Dynasty

Ashtukzu I the Mulan

70

27/8

Thunn the Usurper

32

8/4

Ashtukzu II

25

4/37

Sent by Gilgeam to conquer Westgate, this lord established himself as

ruler of the city, declaring it independent of Unther.

Nephew of Ashtukzu I; seized the throne and ousted his cousin,

the rightful heir.

Son and sole heir of Ashtukzu I; reclaimed his fathers throne from

his traitorous cousin.

Kergaard Twinblade

8

37/75

Seneschal of Ashtukzu II; elevated to the throne by the nobility after

months of civil strife; died of plague.

Croam Dynasty

Hygaarth the Pious

38

75/95

Sorentah

Dalious

the Errant King

78

114

95/135

135257

[137]

A priest of Ilmater who was elevated to the throne after battling a plague

that nearly destroyed Westgate.

First son of Hygaarth.

Third son of Sorentah; left Westgate after two years on the throne and

delegated rule to his representative, the Croamarkh; these representatives

continue to rule in the kings name for over one hundred years.

The Pirate Kings



257/429

Over seventy-seven pirate rulers ruled Westgate during this time,

none of which held the throne longer than five years.

Illistine Dynasty

Mulsantir I

382

429/440

Mulsantir II

406

440/452

A mercenary lord distantly related to the royal family of Chondath

who drove the pirates out of Westgate and claimed the throne.

First son of Mulsantir I.

85

MONARCHIES OF FAERN

Myntharan the Magus  417

452/480

A renegade wizard of the Shoon Empire who slew Mulsantir II

and seized the throne.

Lyonarth

the Winter Sphinx

429

480/616

An androsphinx from Nathlekh who claimed the throne after

defeating Myntharan in battle.

Ilistar Dynasty

Farnath I

571

616/663

Belhendar the Stout

Thartryn I

618

642

663/687

687/710

Mage apprentice of the wizard known as the Handweaver, who

defeated Nessmara, the lamia responsible for the death of Lyonarth.

First son of Farnath I.

Second son of Belhendar.

Iyachtu Xvim

the Fiend King

?

710/734

A cambion from another plane who slew Thartryn I and seized

the throne; died in 1371.

Farnath II

695

734/756

P. Farnath III*

727



Temprith

Thatryn II

Farnath IV

Pendernath

Halcoranth

Thartryn III

699

756/759

758

759/783

758

787

823

851

783/834

834/849

849/886

886/890

The Prince-Templars



890/900

Gostaraj the Reaver King 865

900/927

Did not rule; marked for line of succession.

Campion Dynasty

Altarl

867

927/936

Jhentyr I

Tarnhart I

Jhentyr II

Tarnhart II

891

923

948

970

Eorn/Lorndessar Dynasty

Sarvyn Eorn the Old

Roadaeron

992

1081

Great-great-grandson of Farnath I descended from Belhendars

younger half-brother.

Son and sole heir of Farnath II; something of a simpleton who was

banished from the city by his uncle; date of death unknown.

Younger brother of Farnath II; seized the throne on his brothers death,

banishing his only heir.

Second son (twin) of Farnath III; overthrew his cousin and slew

every descendant of the line of Temprith.

First son (twin) of Thartryn II; suspected of murdering his brother.

Second son of Farnath IV; died of plague.

Nephew of Pendernath.

First son of Halcoranth; died of plague along with all royal heirs.

Ruled by the Holy Council of Westgate, an oligarchic theocracy made up

of the high priests of the established faiths in the city.

A mercenary lord and priest of Garagos who seized power in a

bloody rebellion.

A member of the merchant nobility of Westgate, chosen by his

fellow lords to rule the city.

First son of Altarl.

Nephew of Jhentyr I.

Second son of Tarnhart I.

938/954

954/993

993/1002

1002/1018  First son of Jhentyr II; slain by a red dragon; died without issue.

1018/1111  A mercenary lord who was named king by acclamation.

1111/1117  Grandnephew of Sarvyn; forced to flee Westgate by the traitorous

Alzurth, he returned to reclaim the throne for his line after over

1162

forty years in exile.

Alzurth the Dozenking  1056

1117/1162  Former Mage Royal of Westgate who usurped the throne of Roadaeron.

Blaervaer the Reluctant  1112

1154

Roadaeron II

1156

Maeraedryn

1203

Ilphael

1210

Shlanarnla Durovree

Seventh child/third son of Roadaeron; died in 1195.

1162/1191

1191/1192  First son of Blaervar.

1192/1219

1219/1233  Grandson of Maeraedryn; died without issue or naming an heir.

1233/1236  Fiancee of Ilphael; only queen to ever rule Westgate; abandoned Westgate

Second son of Blaervar.

Verovan

1219

1236/1248  Great-grandson of Blaervar; last king of Westgate.

and the throne; date of death unknown.

86

AGE OF HUMANITY

435 DR Year of Willing Sacri ce

Several towns along Lake Lhespen and the River Shaar rebel against their

distant rulers, the Shoon.

438 DR to 440 DR

Seven Burnings Campaign: Q ysar Amahl Shoon VII [370, 449] dispatches

seventeen troop ships to quell an uprising in the Shaar river valley. Shoon

imperial troops rampage through Sheirtalar, Sheirlantar, Kormul, Lhesper,

Sebben, Rethmar, and Channathgate. The campaign kills many native Shaarans

and brings the western portion of the Shaar back under Shoon control. Despite

bloody reprisals, the Imperium was forced to begin withdrawing from the

region, and the nomads quietly returned to their previous way of life.

447 DR Year of the Awakening Treant

Ogres swarm down from the Toadsquats and rampage through the northern

section of the Lluirwood for several years.

 After almost three decades of open struggles and behind-the-scenes intrigues

among the chakas (mercantile trading houses that dominate life in coin-mad

Durpar), the High Council is formally recognized as the lands official form

of government, putting an end to widespread open trade warfare and blood

feuds, but not fierce competition.

 The Moonsilver Inn is built at the northern end of Silverymoon Ford

[384, 459] in the North.

449 DR Year of Killing Ice

Silvyr Ithal marches to Ithmong and takes the crown as the rightful King

of Tethyr, sparking rebellion in Tethyr and Amn. Silvyr is killed in combat

by Amahl Shoon VII [438, 450].

 The son of Arun [426, 464] finishes his tutelage under Mentor Winter-

cloak and leaves Myth Drannor to learn of the world and teach it the ways

and magics of the City of Song. Secretly, he also plans on proving his worth

to his fathers clan and becoming one of the first Harpers [386, 712] outside

Cormanthyr  and  the  eastern  lands.  He  takes  the  only  name  he  has  been

called of which he is proud: Aruns Son. He vows to claim his place among

the Maedrym once he has earned a new name.

450 DR Year of the Corrie Fist

Prince Strohm of Tethyr avenges his father by slaying Amahl Shoon VII

[449, 1357], marking the fall of the Shoon Imperium and ending the Age

of Shoon.

 The death of Q ysar Amahl VII on Midwinter and the subsequent fall of

the Imperium leaves numerous folks scrambling for control of the swiftly

dissolving power structures. More than seventy-five pashas, vizars, sultans,

and other nobles slay each other in massive wars in the streets of every major

Calishite city to see who would claim the power from the fallen qysars throne.

Calimport fell under the rule of Syl-Pasha (former pasha of the shipwrights

and harbormasters) Fahd el Daosiin.

 Ogres savaging the Lluirwood are defeated by an army of hin from Luiren

at the Battle of Three Stumps.

 A quick death for the reigning viceroy of Tashluta and his haughty Shoon

wife marks the Tashalans return to independence.

 The Thindolese achieve independence for the first time in centuries, albeit

under the subtle influence of yuan-ti agents who had infiltrated the ruling

corridors of power.

451 DR Year of Unleashed Fears

The last of the Shoonach imperial garrisons are driven from the Chultan

Peninsula and the Shaar.

400: The Sinking of Northkeep

The orc war howler spat into the dirt through his fanged, gap-toothed maw, dragged on his filthy weed, and continued his

story.

He Who Never Sleepsfear his namegave strength

to our people that day. Always the paleskins have kept us

down, taking from our mines, stealing our slaves for their

own, and taking our very lands. They would have us live

like animals and starve. But not that day. On that day, we

struck back at the foul paleskins.

Blessed  by  the  One-Eyed  Godfear  his  nameour

leaders saw how they might strike a mighty blow against

the paleskin thieves. Our finest war-leaders formed a mighty

army that brought goblins, ogres, and even dragons under

our swaysuch was our might in those days. Without delay,

our army boarded sturdy ships and razed Haardhahr, which

the paleskins called Northkeep. But that victory was not

enough for He Who Watchesfear his name.

The war howler spat again, took a gulp of some home-

brew, and looked out at his audience. While we rejoiced in

our victory, He Who Never Sleepsfear his namespoke

from the heavens, announcing as in the past, If my people

cannot keep the lands promised us, then no mortal shall

have them. Then upon His command, more than forty

thousand  of  our  warriors,  shamans,  and  witch  doctors

joined together, encircling the shores of the Dragon Sea,

and called upon the power of He Who Watchesfear his

nameand  all  our  gods.  Their  prayers  were  heard  and

became a magic such as this world has never seen. Then

the One-Eyed Godfear his namethrust his bloodspear

down from the heavens and into the sea with a crack of

thunder.  And  before  the  eyes  of  our  assembled  throng

and the ugrukh paleskins still left alive, the waters rose

up, and the land that the ugrukh had stolen sank beneath

the waves, dropping down and down until the last paleskin

standing upon the last tower had disappeared.

But the lacktusks did not learn. They did not care that

they had stolen from us, and their gods did not care that

the ugrukh were treacherous because they themselves were

no  better.  Many  times  the  paleskins  came  back  to  our

lands, and with the blessings of He Who Watchesfear

his namewe smote them every time, reducing their walls

and towers to smoldering ruins. But when we became weak

and began to call on the gods for even small needs, they

grew angry and punished us. Our army fell apart, and the

paleskins came again.

That  is  why  we  must  be  strong  and  take  back  that

which  was  stolen  from  us!  We  must  prove  ourselves  to

our gods, always, to earn their favor.

 TC

87

AGE OF HUMANITY

452 DR Year of Rolling Heads

The sudden death of Jacinica [142] precipitates a decades-long power struggle

among the nagara.

479 DR Year of Forestsfrost

Teshar falls in this year to raids and assaults from the drow of the Twisted

Tower [331, 500] in present-day Shadowdale.

457 DR Year of the Unfurled Flag

The syl-pasha and his sons are destroyed from below as various agents set

off magical explosions to destroy the entire Pashas Sabban and much of the

adjoining  slaves  residences.  The  adjacent  destruction  sparks  fires  that  last

through the Feast of the Moon.

 The mages Aganazzar, Ilyykur, Presper, and Grimwald found the School

of Wizardry in Neverwinter and begin taking on apprentices from around

Faern. [673]

459 DR Year of the Blooded Dagger

Silverymoon Ford [447, 574] becomes Silver Village when a logging camp is

built around the inn and bridge.

460 DR Year of Scorching Suns

Demron is commissioned for another Baneblade. This one is for the Spell-

Major to replace the lost AryFaernKerym elfblade lost a decade ago by Zaos

Durothil in battle with the red wyrm Edallisufanxar.

 The former Shoonite Western Emirate of Amin becomes the country of

Amn under King Esmel, who establishes the Torlath Dynasty. Amn exists

as the three major city-states of Athkatla, Crimmor, and Murann, west of

Lake Esmel.

461 DR Year of the Lissome Apprentice

The settlement of Ammathtar is founded in Luiren to facilitate trade between

the hin and the Arkaiun humans.

462 DR Year of the Empty Helm

Demron  completes  Faervian,  the  fourth  Baneblade  and  the  only  one  for

the AkhFaer.

 Within two centuries of the Opening [261], objecting nobles and crowded

conditions force the coronal at Myth Drannor to end the building of new

homes and settlements within the citys limits and curb the non-elf migration

in order to allay the fears of his capitals elder houses.

464 DR Year of True Names

While  wandering  across  Anauroch,  Aruns  Son  [449,  720]  saves  a  trio  of

Evereskan elves from a phaerimm [329, 1371] ambush nearly at the cost of

his life. Retrieved from death by Mystra, he becomes her Chosen, he whom

magic, duty, and honor defines. As the Nameless Chosen, he becomes the

first human ever to stay among Evereskas glades.

467 DR Year of Four Winds

A hill giant dire wereape named Dermos the Proud [469] emerges from the

wilderness in Dambrath, claiming to be a manifestation of Malar. Dermos

develops a fanatical following and orders the slaughter of all Arkaiuns who

oppose him.

 A large migrant group of Tethyrians immigate to the Moonshae Isles and

settle among the Ffolk.

469 DR Year of the Dusty Library

Dermos the Proud [467] and all the members of his beast cult are slain at the

Ambush of Blackrock Ridge by Arkaiun tribesmen.

472 DR Year of Full Cellars

A bountiful harvest year across Faern. Halflings of Myth Drannor claim

this years ales were hearty enough to warrant a visit from their god Arvoreen

in the warrens of Brewers Haven.

 The Panicked Plague: Mussum in Chondath suffers a plague that wipes

out more than 75 percent of the population in a single night. To the present

day, Mussum remains abandoned.

 Ogre Wars: Prince Imnel Torlath and the armies of Amn clear the ogre-

held passes through the Small Teeth, reopening trade between Murann and

Crimmor.

480 DR Year of the Winter Sphinx

Lyonarth, a white-furred androsphinx, claims the crown of Westgate [286,

615].

482 DR Year of the Blighted Vine

The northern cities of Delthuntle and Laothkund declare their independence

from Unther.

 A Tethyrian warlord named Ulbaerag Bloodhand conquers the ever-feuding

tribes of Blackcloak Hold. Within a generation, Ulbaerag unites the tribes as

one. The settlement becomes known as Bloodhand Hold.

491 DR Year of Faltering Fires

The realm of Cortryn is founded by Tethyrian and Calishite immigrants led

by a powerful noble family of Calimshan. The realm absorbs or consolidates

the bulk of the former realms of Valashar [376] and Meiritin [284, 514] while

extending its northern border up through the Troll Mountains. Eshpurta is

founded as Cortryns northernmost city and fishing center.

493 DR Year of the Ecstatic Priest

The drow, forced into the lowest levels of the Underhalls, finally abandon the

former dwarf home of Melairbode entirely.

500 DR Year of the Flame Tongue

Josidiah Starym mounts a campaign to recover the lost Soldiers Blade [331]

of Cormanthyr after nearly eight hundred years; he does this as a way to prove

to Eltargrim that the heir of House Starym is noble enough to marry his

niece and heir. The opening gambit of this search sees a temporary fall of

the garrisoned drow at the Twisted Tower [479, 713], since that was where the

Soldiers Blade was lost to Cormanthyr, Josidiah and his troupe of bladesing-

ers and AkhFaer venture into the Underdark beneath the Tower, vowing to

return in a century with the lost treasures.

502 DR Year of the Crawling Vine

The Rundeen [6], a Tashlutan merchant consortium, establishes a monopoly

on all trade entering or leaving the ports in Calimshan and the Chultan Penin-

sula, as well as on slave trade along the southern shores of the Shining Sea.

503 DR Year of the Galloping Gorgon

Seven halfling scouts of the AkhVelahrn destroy a large encampment of

Moanders faithful near the ruins of his temple and his entombed remains.

This septet becomes the Heroes of Myth Drannor, their deeds celebrated for

much of the winter among their kin. Two of these seven also become the first

halfling soldiers of Myth Drannor at the bidding of Coronal Eltargrim.

504 DR Year of the Eclipsed Heart

Unther begins a campaign to retake the Wizards Reach cities, fighting the

League of Samathar. The cities of Teth and Nethra declare their indepen-

dence and join the League.

511 DR Year of the Fortress Scoured

Elembar falls to an orc horde, but the capital city of Delimbiyran and the lands

surrounding it survive because the horde founders on the House of Stone.

 Nejizar finally ascends to the throne of Najara, ending the power struggle

that began with the death of Jacinica [452].

 The Sixteenth Emperor Chin of the Kao Dynasty in Shou Lung declares

The Revealing of Scrolls. The discussion of knowledge is encouraged, and

many rival schools are established. The sciences of astronomy, alchemy, and

geomancy  are  in  a  golden  age.  Priests  of  the  Path  of  Enlightenment  are

dispatched to the far reaches of the globe, setting up shrines as far away as

Kozakura.  (In  Kozakura,  the  faith  is  known  as  the  Way  of  Enlightment,

88

AGE OF HUMANITY

much to the mutual embarrassment of Shou Lung followers of the Path of

Enlightenment, and its rival faith, the Way).

512 DR Year of the Wyvernfall

An orc horde of the Candlekairn clan spills out of the Orsraun Mountains,

destroying several Turmish cities before it is finally routed in late summer.

 The orc chieftain Ulbror leads a horde out of Vastar [331] and into the

uplands of Impiltur by means of countless small mountain trails over the

Earthspurs. King Sharaun of Impiltur leads his three sons and a small

army north but is defeated, and he and his sons are slain in battle. The

dead  kings  son-in-law  Duke  Harandil  Durlarven  gathers  another  army,

which routs the orcs at the Battle of Bloody Reeds. He is crowned king

491: Founding of Cortryn

The following letter was written by Halikam Amethystall, Margrave of Meiritin, to Morik Amethystall, Hills Voice, in the

Year of Faltering Fires. It has been preserved in the archives of Count Krimmon Amethystall.

My Dear Cousin,

It is with a heavy heart that I write to inform you of recent

events in the province of Meiritin. As you know, we hin have

long feared the machinations of the el Aktorral family, whose

members seek to restore the miseries of the Shoon Imperium.

About  a  tenday  ago,  Kadar  el  Aktorral  resurrected  some

obscure title granted to his family by the Shoon despots and

proclaimed the Duchy of Cortryn, with himself as the titled

ruler.  Shortly  thereafter,  Duke  Kadar  assembled  a  host  of

mercenaries sufficient to seize most of our lands east of Lake

Esmel. We were forced to withdraw to our redoubts in the

Tejarn Hills, and I fear that we shall not be able to hold them

for long without reinforcements.

Thanks to the past generosity of the Purple Hills farmers,

we are well-stocked with pipeweed and wine, but we are sorely

lacking in arms and armaments. I was hoping that with your

influence  at  court,  you  could  petition  King  Strohm  to  meet

some of our needs. In addition, I would like to arrange passage

southward for the old and the young, so that they might settle

for a time in County Vintor.

Please let me know at your earliest convenience whether

such arrangements might be possible. I am willing to meet with

the kings emissaries as needed, although I hesitate to abandon

Meiritins stout defenders for long.

Sincerely, Margrave Halikam

 ELB

Halikam Ameythystall,

Margrave of Meiritin

x

o

C

d

E

y

b

n

o

i

t

a

r

t

s

u

l

l

I

89

AGE OF HUMANITY

of Impiltur on the battlefield and establishes the Durlarven Dynasty of

Old Impiltur.

 Esmeltaran is completed and established as the new capital of Amn during

the reign of King Imnel I, grandson of Esmel.

514 DR Year of the Elk

The aged Bellabar Huntinghorn leads many halflings of Meiritin [491, 523]

to escape persecution at the hands of the Duke of Cortryn, ruler of the lands

east  of  Amn.  The  refugees  join  others  of  their  race  on  the  banks  of  the

Delimbiyr River near present-day Secomber.

515 DR Year of the Frivolous Exchange

Humans from Ascalhorn [333, 694] resettle Besendars Blockhouse [104]

and rename it Everlund.

516 DR Year of the Haunting Hawk

Halflings  from  Delimbiyr  Vale  and  humans  from  Delimbiyran  establish

Secomber on the ruins of Hastarl, the fallen capital of Athalantar.

517 DR Year of the Oaken Glade

Mount Andrus in the Orsraun Mountains erupts, inflicting further punish-

ment on the Candlekairn orcs.

519 DR Year of the Phoenix

Sammkol Thistlestar, one of the halfling soldiers of Myth Drannor, is assas-

sinated by bigoted elves of House Selorn, who implicate and slay a visiting

human necromancer from Cormyr to cover their misdeed.

523 DR Year of Trials Arcane

Moon elves of Clan Starym return to Myth Drannor from other elf realms,

restoring that house as a social power and taking over the house lordship with

the absence of Josidiah Starym. Lord Illitran Starym undergoes a Cleansing

March intended to purify his spirit and ready him for the responsibilities of

wielding a moonblade. He treks to Moanders abandoned temple and forges a

pact with the imprisoned deity, allowing him to draw the blade upon his return

to the City of Songs without suffering its retributive powers.

 Meiritin [514] is abandoned due to abuses and enslavement by the Dukes

of Cortryn.

 Realm of Three Crowns: The rising power of orc hordes in the North

leads to the calling of the Council of Axe and Arrow. There, the humans of

Delimbiyran, the dwarves of Dardath, the elves of Ardeep Forest, the gnomes

of Dolblunde, and displaced halflings from Meiritin collectively found the

Tri-Crowned Kingdom of Phalorm. The aging Ulbaerag rejects an invitation

to join the Realm of Three Crowns.

 Nejizar,  the  new  dark  naga  king,  establishes  rule  over  the  serpentfolk

thanks in large part to its alliance with a dozen spirit naga. By this time,

however, the Tricrowned Kingdom of Phalorm has claimed the High Moor

and  begun  constructing  a  chain  of  fortresses  along  the  western  border  of

the Serpent Hills.

527 DR Year of Tatters

Slaves begin years of major unrest in all the cities of Calimshan and the

Amaden lands.

 Hlondeth is besieged by kobolds of the Tattered Cloth Legion, who are

secretly dispatched by Nathglaryst, drow queen of Undraeth.

528 DR Year of the Burning Sky

Phalorms armies slaughter the Howltusk orc horde at the House of Stone,

but their human King Javilarhh the Dark Snowsword is slain.

531 DR Year of the Lily

The kuo-toa city of Looblishar is founded.

533 DR Year of the Shattered Manacles

The Mameluk slave warriors [907] overthrow the rulers of Calimport and the

other major cities and establish a free country without slavery. Since Calim-

port had stood long as a slavers port, the Mameluk rulers abandon the city,

taking the calephs throne to Manshaka, the new capital. They also abandon

the title of Syl-Pasha in favor of the far older Murabir (Warlord), not used

since Mirs days of independence.

534 DR Year of the Spitting Viper

The gloaming city of Sphur Upra [2954] expands onto the Material Plane.

536 DR Year of the Laughing Lich

Hlontar, realm of Alokkair the Wizard-King, is forged out of remnants of

Teshar and the Netherese survivor states.

543 DR Year of the Lyre

Uthmere is founded by Lord Uthmere of Dilpur.

545 DR Year of the Pernicon

A warchief named Reinhar unites the various Arkaiun tribes into a single

nation, thereby founding the kingdom of Dambrath and crowning himself

its first king.

546 DR Year of the Rusted Sabre

The Halruaan wizard Gulkuluster begins creating a series of powerful wands

that bear his name and are known as Deathstaffs.

 Luiren is invaded by Arkaiun barbarians from Dambrath. The majority of

the halfling population is enslaved, but some individuals go into hiding.

551 DR Year of the Barren Chamber

Estagund is conquered by the Arkaiuns of Dambrath.

552 DR Year of the Dead

Var is conquered by the Arkaiuns of Dambrath.

553 DR Year of the Gnashing Tooth

The Durpari cities of Sandrun, Pharsul, and Morvar are sacked by the forces

of King Reinhar I of Dambrath, who then invades the coast of Halruaa and

occupies Mithel, Galdel, and Zalasuu.

554 DR Year of Waving Wheat

King Reinhar I of Dambrath is defeated and slain by the sacrifice of the Hal-

ruaan wizard Mycontil Sulaziir and his circle of apprentices. The old kings

son, Reinhar II, leads the army in retreat back to Dambrath. The defeat in

Halruaa sees Luiren and Estagund regain independence from Dambrath, the

latter uniting under King Bonrial. Var also declares its independence from

Dambrath and its noble, merchant and religious factions begin squabbling over

who will become the new Rajah. As a consequence, the Golden War begins

between these rival groups, named after the endless wheat fields where much

of the fighting takes place.

555 DR Year of Dances Perilous

Ecamane Truesilver is born in Suzail at the start of the year, and he and his

parents arrive in Myth Drannor by the years end.

 Ondathels High Mages recreate their city once again as Myth Ondath

[632] upon raising a mythal.

557 DR Year of the Melding

An army of hobgoblins devastates the dwarf Duchy of Hunnabar, which is

centered above the underground city of Kanaglym near present-day Dragon-

spear Castle [1255]. Phalorms armies destroy the hobgoblins, but the elf king,

Ruardh Lightshiver, is slain.

 The retired sellsword Muwadeen of Estagund negotiates a peace between

the warring factions of Var the Golden. In a rare moment of agreement, all

three factions ask Muwadeen to serve as Supreme Potentate of Var, with a

council of advisors from each faction to counsel him.

 Nejizar sends yuan-ti infiltrators south to the Reaching Woods to incite

the hobgoblin tribes to march against Phalorm. Ultimately the hobgoblins

are repelled and the serpentine provocateurs assassinated. This defeat forces

the serpentfolk of Najara to retreat into the Serpent Hills.

90

AGE OF HUMANITY

560 DR Year of the Unknown Truth

The Impossible Palace of the Silver Domes [246, 761] reappears briefly in

Shou Lung, but disappears again before investigation can occur.

561 DR Year of the Three Setting Suns

The Guild of Naturalists [658] forms in Myth Drannor and builds its hall

within two years.

523: Realm of Three Crowns

The Vault of Sages in Silverymoon holds many treasures, not the least of which is a Kings Tear gem that bears an image of

the Laughing Hollow on the banks of the Delimbiyr River. It is enspelled so as to recite the words of King Ruardh Light-

shiver, the first elf king of Phalorm, spoken on the momentous occasion of that realms founding in the Year of Trials Arcane

(523 DR).

I welcome you all to the Council of Axe and Arrow in this

sacred hollow, which the Seldarine blessed for the use of the

TelQ uessir unnumbered generations ago. I offer special greet-

ings to Arcrown Torghatar of Dardath, who has been a trusted

ally and comrade since the Council of Illefarn, and to King

Javilarhh Snowsword of Elembar, whose bold championing of

todays gathering has inspired us all. I welcome also Ulbrent

Handstone, Darrath of Dolblunde, and Corcytar Huntinghorn,

Arbaern of far Meiritin, who have all pledged themselves to

the success of this grand design.

Before  me  today  stands  a  gathering  of  races  that  have

pledged to live in unity.

Never before has an

alliance committed to such a bold purpose graced the face of

Faern. Thus, it is with profound joy and humility that I pro-

claim the founding of Phalorm, the Realm of Three Crowns.

Today, the axe, the arrow, and the sword have come together

in harmony for the salvation of our peoples. From this day

forward, we will strive as one to make this land a haven of

peace and tranquility, where our children and elders can live

a life untroubled by cruelty, strife, or war. We jointly pledge

our hearts and hands to ensuring that the future of this realm

is as bright as the hopes and dreams of all those who stand

here today. May the blessings of all our gods grant a long and

honored life to glorious Phalorm.

 GK

h

u

h

c

s

n

e

g

e

i

F

y

l

i

m

E

y

b

n

o

i

t

a

r

t

s

u

l

l

I

King Ruardh Lightshiver gazes out on Phalorms verdant fields

91

AGE OF HUMANITY

568 DR Year of the Pernicious Hauberk

The armies of Phalorm defend the neighboring realm of Yarlith [191, 611]

from attacks by orcs led by the frost giant Horthgar.

569 DR Year of Tumbled Bones

Ecamane Truesilver becomes an apprentice of Deynriir the Silver Sorcerer.

Unknown to him at the time, Ecamane also secretly becomes an acolyte of

Windsong Tower [3095, 580] under his moon elf tutor.

 Fall of Hlontar and the disappearance and presumed death of Alokkair.

572 DR Year of Writhing Darkness

Zaor Moonflower [652] is born in Semberholme.

 The marchwardens, a form of standng army, are established to protect and

defend the hin realm of Luiren.

 Deep-digging Thindolese miners break through to the Underdark region

known as the Firelands. In the centuries since, firenewt marauders and sala-

manders from the Burning Rift have plagued the mines of Selgol.

574 DR Year of the Gored Griffon

Orc problems rise along the northeastern forest. In preparation for battle,

Pirphal commissions Demron to enchant a fifth magical blade to serve as

the Baneblade for the Arms-Major of the AkhVelahrn. In this year, Dra-

gathil is finished.

 Silver Village grows to become Silverymoon [459, 627] and is one of the

few thriving trading posts in the North at this time.

576 DR Year of the Sunless Passage

The  Red  Pony  and  Golden  Eagle  Uthgardt  [153,  705]  tribes  vanish  into

the Underdark after discovering a passage beneath the One Stone ancestor

mound.

579 DR Year of the Cultured Rake

Torghatar, Phalorms dwarf king, falls to duergar assassins near present-day

Ironford.

580 DR Year of Loose Coins

Ecamane Truesilver becomes one of the first humans to learn of the trans-

formed Nether Scrolls [654, 1344] known as the Q uessArTeranthvar and

gain knowledge from them. After ten months of meditation, Ecamane leaves

Windsong Tower [569, 684], his hair prematurely white due to the magics and

wisdom he gained from the artifact.

585 DR Year of the Ogling Beholder

A fleet of Dambrathan galleys attempts to sail into the channel leading to

Lake Halruaa and conquer Halagard. Devastating magic launched from both

shore and skyships sinks almost every invading ship.

588 DR Year of Dragons Dawning

Ecamane Truesilver leaves Myth Drannor with comrades and pupils of his

own to restore proper studies of magic to the Savage North and redeem the

ill deeds of the Netherese archwizards of the past.

590 DR Year of the Turning Leaf

Arms-Major Pirphal dies with most of his patrol in battle with the black

dragon Mrinabnahor. His sword Dragathil is lost for the next four centuries

as the dragon steals it for its mountain hoard west of the Dragon Sea.

 Elf and human wizards from Ascalhorn, Eaerlann, Evereska, Silverymoon,

and Myth Drannor raise a mythal over the Eaerlanni city of Glaurachyndaar,

thereby establishing Myth Glaurach [864].

591 DR Year of Silver Streams

Oakengrove  Abbey,  a  human  stronghold  dedicated  to  Silvanus,  is  founded

roughly seventy miles west of the Standing Stone [1, 700].

592 DR Year of the Supreme Duelist

Troll forces attack southwestern Phalorm. The dwarves abandon the Duchy

of Hunnabar and relocate to the northern Duchy of Dardath.

595 DR Year of the Coven

The durthans, a secret sect within the Wychlaran, attempt to overthrow the

order and seize Rashemen. Strife between the hathrans and their dark sisters

lasts for decades, but the durthans are eventually driven out.

c. 600 DR

Human tribes abandon the Vale of Ixtzul in Maztica, leaving the guardian-

ship of the beast HCalos [400, 1371] to the Bacar, a race of giant intelligent

ants.

 Modern ships sail the surface of Sers from many ports, allowing safer sea

travel at last. Numerous powers in Faern establish major trade lanes across

the sea, though the majority of sea traffic remains within sight of land.

600 DR Year of Fire and Frost

King Reinhar III of Dambrath and his two sons are slain by giants while

hunting in the Gnollwatch Mounains. After a brief succession war, Reinhar

IIIs nephew is crowned King Reinhar IV of Dambrath.

 The  four  cities  of  Minsorran  bordering  Amn  are  found  to  be  deserted

after a fierce blizzard leaves them snowbound for more than a month. Few

discover that the great white wyrm Icehauptannarthanyx has devoured the

entire population.

602 DR Year of the Glimmering Sea

The ixzan city of Malydren is founded at the bottom of the Lake of Radiant

Mists beneath Calimshan and Tethyr.

604 DR Year of the Immured Imp

The armies of Phalorm drive off an orc horde that besieges Secomber. Ellath-

arion, Phalorms elf king, leads an army of elves and halflings into the High

Forest in pursuit of the orcs, and neither king nor army returns.

605 DR Year of Many Serpents

The people of Thindol on the Chultan Peninsula unmask a host of yuan-ti

infiltrators in their midst, leading to months of anarchy as the serpentfolk

are rooted out and slain. The citizens of western Thindol, alarmed at events,

marshal a great flotilla of ships and sail for the fabled isle of Nimbral, but

a great storm wrecks much of the fleet against the Beacon Rocks. Seeing

their plight and moved at their entreaties for aid, Lord Samar of Nimbral,

a mighty archmage, agrees to return with them to their homes and battle

the yuan-ti.

606 DR Year of the Kindly Lich

The western Thindolese, with the aid of Lord Samar and Nimbral, drive

the yuan-ti from their Sanrach Basin home. After the yuan-ti are defeated,

Samar cloaks the mountain passes and roads to the realm in veils of illusion,

protecting the region from further infiltration by the serpentfolk. In time,

the western Thindolese begin calling their isolated land Samarach in honor

of  their  savior  and  consider  themselves  a  vassal  state  of  distant  Nimbral.

The eastern Thindolese retain the name of Thindol for their realm and are

ruled by a council of cities.

610 DR Year of the Spell re

Dwarves conquer the lands of the Vast, overcoming Grimmerfang and his

orcs and founding Roldilar, the Realm of Glimmering Swords.

611 DR Year of the Normiir

Amlaruil Moonflower [623] is born on Evermeet [342, 615].

 The rampaging orcs of the Everhorde erupt from the Spine of the World,

engulfing the North in war. Illusk [306, 812] and Yarlith [568] are left in

ruins, but the Host Tower [95, 806] survives. Neverwinter survives, thanks

to the aid of Palarandusk the Sun Dragon.

612 DR Year of the Jesters Smile

The armies of Phalorm and their allies in the North crush the Everhorde

south  of  Triboar,  but  their  victory  comes  at  the  cost  of  many  lives.  The

casualties include Lathlaeril Leafspear, the elf king.

92

AGE OF HUMANITY

614 DR Year of the Shattered Scepter

Two orc hordes attack Phalorm, a realm that has already been gravely weak-

ened by the Everhorde. The dwarf king Oskilar of Phalorm dies in battle with

the second horde, and Dolblunde [232, 698] is sacked and pillaged. Phalorms

northern armies, still mopping up the remnants of the Everhorde, move south

to defend the realm but are driven into Uthtower.

 Hlondeth regains its independence from Chondath. House Extaminos rules

unseen from behind the throne for the next four centuries.

615 DR Year of the Lamias Kiss

The Winter Sphinx of Westgate [480, 616] falls prey to the charms of the

lamia Nessmara, who has assumed the guise of a gynosphinx, and they rule

in tandem.

 In  response  to  Uthtowers  call  for  aid,  the  lich  Iniarv  floods  the  land,

drowning the armies of Uthtower, Phalorm, and the orcs and forming the

Mere of Dead Men. The orcs flee into the Sword Mountains, and Phalorm

(the Fallen Kingdom, as it came to be known) collapses when its Fair Folk

abandon Faern for Evermeet [611, 857]. Ardeep remains an elf realm in

name only.

616 DR Year of the Ensorceled Kings

Aurgloroasa the adult shadow dragon establishes her lair within the Thun-

der Peaks.

 A wizard known only as the Handweaver comes to Westgate [615, 710] and

shatters the illusions cloaking the lamia Nessmaras true form. Nessmara and

Lyonarth battle to the death, and Farnath, apprentice to the Handweaver, is

named king, founding the Ilistar Dynasty.

 Delimbiyran, the human kingdom of Phalorm, claims all the lands of that

realm and establishes a new alliance with gnome and halflings of the area.

The new realm is called the Kingdom of Man.

617 DR Year of the Needless Slaughter

A mysterious bloating sickness kills one in ten Arkaiuns, including Dambraths

current King Reinhar IV.

619 DR Year of Orcsfall

An orc horde pours into western Cormanthyr and the Dales, threatening to

overrun Semberholme [8000] and the southern Dales. The ballad Battlestars

at Tilvers Gap tells the tale of the destruction of the orcs from Thunder

Peaks by the combined Dalesfolk militias and elf armies.

620 DR Year of the Mountain Crypts

A third earthquake rocks the ruins of Tzindylspar [267], killing most of its

monstrous inhabitants.

621 DR Year of Nineteen Swords

Ffolk  from  the  Moonshae  Isles  colonize  the  lands  of  the  Utter  East  and

subjugate the indigenous Mar tribes.

623 DR Year of Nightsilver

As a young child, Amlaruil Moonflower [611, 1368] witnesses the Spelljammer

gliding gracefully over the waters along Evermeets northern shore.

625 DR Year of the Torrents

The city of Escalant secedes from Unther, joining the League of Samathar.

626 DR Year of the Eagle and Falcon

Prince Ereskas of Amn founds the settlement of Mirabar over the ancient

dwarf capital of Gharraghaur [3611].

 Nobles of House Orbil attempt to seize the throne of Impiltur after assas-

sinating King Bellodar I. Their rebellion is savagely put down, and they are

declared outlaw and consigned to exile. King Bellodar II is crowned king of

Impiltur.

627 DR Year of the Bloodcrystals

Ecamane  Truesilver  and  his  nine  apprentices  arrive  in  Silverymoon  [574,

637].  Claiming  that  five  goddesses  (Eldath,  Mielikki,  Lurue,  Mystra,  and

Sehanine) drew them there, the mages create a school of magic patterned

on elf teachings.

629 DR Year of the Empty Hearth

Luthax, senior among the Brotherhood of the Wizards of War, leads a con-

spiracy to assassinate King Draxius of Cormyr. Amedahast sacrifices herself

to  bring  down  the  traitors,  and  her  apprentice  Thanderahast  assumes  the

role of High Mage.

630 DR Year of the Winking Jester

The slyth, shapechangers native to the Underdark, found the city of Fluvenils-

tra [1370], also known as Garden City of the Lowerdark, beneath the Shaar.

631 DR Year of the Lone Lark

An old black dragon named Chardansearavitriol seizes the crumbling ruins

of the Uthtower for his lair. He soon holds sway over the Mere of Dead Men

and much of the surrounding environs.

 The wasting sickness sweeps the continent of Shou Lung. In dealing with

the emergency, local lords are granted more power in the bureaucracy, par-

ticularly in the hard-hit southern provinces.

632 DR Year of Burning Skies

In Eleint, the Ice Queens Winter descends on Myth Ondath [555, 633]. Led

by the lich Vrandak the Burnished, the besieging army of Iyraclea the Ice

Queen is accompanied by winter storms raised by her magic, that claw Myth

Ondath all year long. This attack spreads awareness of Iyracleas might across

the Realms, and makes her claim of being the preeminent cleric of Auril in

all of Faern fact rather than mere hollow boast. The Frostmaiden empow-

ers Iyraclea with new and mightier cold magics, and the Great Glacier under

which she dwells begins to expand.

633 DR Year of Chasms

The  wizard  Demron  dies  upon  completing  Keryvian,  the  sixth  and  final

Baneblade for the Arms-Major of Myth Drannor.

 Myth Ondath [632] is destroyed, mythal and all, by the Ice Queens use of

the Gatekeepers Crystal.

634 DR Year of the Darkspawn

Clan Jaezred [221, 734] is overthrown by its half-drow/half-shadow dragon

progeny. Haerinvureem, a great shadow wyrm better known as Shimmergloom

[1356], escapes the carnage through the Shadow Plane.

636 DR Year of the Luminous Tabard

Ammathtar  is  destroyed  by  an  evil  force  from  deep  inside  the  Southern

Lluirwood. (A beholder is responsible for the destruction, but no one realizes

it at the time.)

637 DR Year of the Silver Sun

Ecamane Truesilver, a great teacher of magic, is elected High Mage (ruler)

of Silverymoon [627, 659].

638 DR Year of the Menial Phrases

The first rumors of a temple dedicated to Grumbar, hidden in the West Wall,

arise on the streets of Halruaan cities.

640 DR Year of the Fanged Beast

Yeenoghus  cult  rises  to  prominence among  the  gnoll  tribes  of  the  Shaar,

largely  displacing  the  worship  of  Gorellik.  The  gnolls  attack  many  towns

in the region around Lake Lhespen, leaving Lhesper in ruins and seeing its

surviving citizens migrate north to found Shaarmid.

 First mining and trading encampments established at what will become

Zhentil Keep.

 The citizens of Ormath and Lheshayl and patrols from the Shining Plains

find themselves under constant attack from saber-toothed tigers.

643 DR Year of the Nesting Harpy

The  Mulhorandi  wizard  Nezram  leaves  his  tower  by  the  shores  of  Lake

Azulduth to explore other worlds.

93

AGE OF HUMANITY

645 DR Year of the Costly Gift

Incursion  of  jungle  barbarians  results  in  the  appointment  of  a  Tu  Lung

native as captain of a Shou Lung garrison post. Over the next five hundred

years, more and more natives of the southern provinces come to the fore in

the military.

647 DR Year of the Wayward Heart

Reinhar VI ascends the throne of Dambrath.

648 DR to 657 DR

Bloodforge  Wars:  After  discovering  the  ancient  bloodforges,  the  lords  of

the Five Kingdoms of the Utter East send armies of enchanted golems at

one other.

649 DR Year of the Bloody Crown

The  dwarf  realm  of  Roldilar  falls  to  the  orcs  in  the  Battle  of  Deepfires.

A number of dwarf clans flee into the Earthspur Mountains, while other

craftsfolk and noncombatants migrate to Myth Drannor. Humans remain

in the Vast and fight the orcs to retain their new homes.

652 DR Year of the Viper

Zaor Moonflower [572, 1321] becomes one of the youngest officers of the

AkhVelahrn in Cormanthyr.

653 DR Year of the Killing Blow

Start of the Ninth Sers War: The initial combatants in this conflict are

the  merfolk  of  Hmurrath  and  the  merrow  Axe  Kingdoms  of  Khuur  and

Nmalk.

654 DR Year of the Coveted Briars

Many druid enclaves, both human and elf, are established this year throughout

Cormanthyr and Faern at large.

 Battle of the Haunted Plains: After their defeat here, more than 80 percent

of all merrow in Sers flee or are driven south, behind the Sharksbane Wall

[8000, 656]. The remainder survives within the Hmur Plateau or among the

ruins on the Haunted Plains.

655 DR Year of the Volanth

Three years of war destroys the two Axe Kingdoms along the Dragon Coast

and the coast of present-day Sembia. The Axe Kingdoms of Khuur and Nmalk

are the last pretenses of civilized merrow in Sers.

656 DR Year of Peaceful Seas

The Circle of Flames completes the Scrolls Ardentym this year. AkhFaer

scholars and strategists receive six incomplete fragments of the scrolls, but

only the Circle and the Srinshee [390, 664] have complete copies of them.

 The cities of Lapaliiya [285, 671] unify and form the Lapal League. Once

again, Sheirtalar [569, 1147] is named its capital.

 End of the Ninth Sers War: Due to merrow invading their territory and

adding to their enemies populations, sahuagin send massive raiding parties

storming over the Sharksbane Wall [654, 1369]. All this serves as retribution

for the other races invading Aleaxtis, and that continues the Ninth War for

another year. [660]

657 DR Year of the Nine Stars

Scouring of the Utter East: A horde of antediluvian horrors is released upon

the Five Kingdoms of the Utter East. Grand Caliph Arash bint Sanjar of

Zakhara sends troops to the Five Kingdoms to eradicate the undead plague,

leaving a wasteland of razed cities and rotting corpses in their wake.

658 DR Year of the Dangerous Game

A  portal  is  secretly  established  between  the  Hall  of  the  Naturalists  [561,

680]  in  Myth  Drannor  and  the  Underhalls  of  Mount  Melairbode  [211]

(Undermountain).

 Rathdaen, a Cormyrean mage and explorer of note, arrives in Myth Dran-

nor after a decades-long absence. While not a native, he is close friends with

many practitioners of the Art in the City of Song. [662]

659 DR Year of the Hunting Ghosts

Tulrun, born Tallrunner Tigris of the Red Tiger tribe and later known as

Tulrun of the Tent, is sent by Ecamane Truesilver to the Incanistaeum in

Myth Drannor to study magic under the tutelage of the Seven Wizards.

 Thirty wizards from Myth Drannor and twenty wizards from elsewhere in

the Realms migrate to Silverymoon [637, 694] and begin establishing its role as

a sister city to Myth Drannor and a center of magical and mundane learning.

This year is known as the Year of Mages Dawning in Silverymoon.

660 DR Year of the Morning Horn

The Laws of Battle are drafted by the merfolk, shalarins, and Dukars after

the end of the Ninth Sers War [656] to avoid the kind of genocidal slaughter

seen in the battles against the merrow.

661 DR Year of the Bloody Tusk

Eltargrims Passing: Coronal Eltargrim, at dawn on the last day of Midsum-

mer festivals, passes on to Arvandor, leaving the ArCorKerym, his Rulers

elfblade, hovering in mid-air atop the Rule Tower. Aravae Irithyl, his niece

and heir, proclaims a citywide period of mourning for the next five years.

Thus ends the Sixth Rysar of Cormanthyr after 866 years.

 A charismatic ogre mage known only as the Horned Mage leads several

small  tribes  of  ogres  from  the  Cloud  Peaks  to  join  their  kinfolk  in  the

Small Teeth. There the Horned Mage raises an army that sacks the towns

of Imnescar and Trademeet before the armies of Amn under the command

of General Rashturl stops its advance. The Horned Mage vanishes, and his

fate is never learned.

662 DR Year of the Peoples Mourning

Rathdaen dies peacefully in his sleep, to the sorrow of many of Myth Drannors

inhabitants. He leaves the Tome of Rathdaen to his apprentice, a foolish brag-

gart by the name of Narsel, who fears attacks by jealous rivals trying to steal

his masters legacy and immediately leaves for parts west.

663 DR Year of the Baleful Song

Pyraan the Grim and Peridar Snowbrows secede from the faculty of the Incani-

staeum, reducing the Seven Wizards of Myth Drannor to five members.

664 DR Year of the Falling Petals

The Heirs Passing: Aravae Irithyl and all her personal guards are murdered

in Myth Drannor by the Starym, who use magic to hide their foul deed. The

Srinshee  [656,  666]  and  the  High  Court  mages  insist  on  maintaining  the

Mourning Days and add the funeral of Aravae to the solemn times while

staving off a succession war among the nobles of Cormanthyr.

665 DR Year of the Ashen Tears

Due to political pressure amid his family, Taeral Olortynaal discontinues his

long association with the Incanistaeum.

666 DR Year of Stern Judgment

The  Claiming  Chaos:  The  end  of  the  Mourning  Days  in  Myth  Drannor

sees a Claiming Ceremony convened to determine the next coronal of Cor-

manthyr. After the death of many elves, humans and other citizens of the

City of Songs and the destruction of the Rule Tower, the Srinshee [664, 685]

claims  the  Crownblade,  restores  the  Rule  Tower,  and  disappears  with  the

ancient elfblade.

667 DR Year of Austere Ceremonies

By early summer, the Council of Twelve now rules over Myth Drannor, craft-

ing a new form of representative government. The city is without a coronal

for the first time in its existence.

668 DR Year of the Telling Tome

Wizards begin mysteriously disappearing this year from Myth Drannor and

all of Cormanthyr. The only clue is that all the visible portals throughout the

city crackle ominously and flash blue lightning within their boundaries. (In

truth, Halaster Blackcloak [309, 680] of Undermountain is abducting wizards

at random and banishing them to the Underhalls.)

94

AGE OF HUMANITY

657: Scouring of the Utter East

The following treatise was found among the personal effects of Atreus Eleint of Duhlnarim and returned to King Korox

of Erlkazar by Queen Rosalind of Edenvale following a failed expedition in the Utter East. (Atreus and the bahrana Rishi

Saubhari entered the Yehimals in the Year of the Banner, DR 1358, seeking the fabled land of Langdarma. Neither has been

seen since.)

We Mar are not a proud people. Since settling along the coast of

the Great Sea centuries ago, my tribe has known only oppression.

But we endure, and that endurance is our grandest virtue.

In the Year of Nineteen Swords, a tribe of western par-

shan whose members called themselves the Ffolk sailed to our

shores in search of a new home. They preached brotherhood

and peace, and so we welcomed them. Relations between our

peoples were amicable enough for the first few years, but ava-

rice soon flourished in the hearts of the Ffolk. They took the

lands that had been ours and enslaved our people, then carved

their bloated realm into five great kingdoms.

In  the  Year  of  the  Dancing  Daggers,  King  Grewe  of

Konigheim discovered a bloodforgean ancient war machine

capable of manufacturing whole armies of enchanted golems.

Within tendays, the Ffolk had uncovered other bloodforges

throughout the Five Kingdoms. Unrestrained by the expense

of  raising  and  maintaining  armies,  the  lords  of  the  Five

Kingdoms went mad with battle-lust, each sending armies of

golems  against  the  other  four  realms.  Our  people  watched

helplessly while the Ffolk reduced one anothers great cities

to  rubble,  despoiled  our  ancestral  lands,  and  shredded  one

anothers defenses.

Ten long years of infighting left the Five Kingdoms war-

weary and unprepared for the horrors to come. Unbeknownst

to them, a horde of antediluvian fiends had been trapped for

millennia beneath our feet. Each use of the

bloodforges had weakened their prisons, until at

last the creatures broke free and

ran amok through

the remains of

the Five King-

doms, killing

indiscrim-

inately. Desperate for deliverance, the Ffolk sent ships north

and south to seek relief from our distant neighbors.

In the early days of Mirtul in the Year of the Nine Stars,

a fleet of sambuk appeared on southern horizon. Upon seeing

it,  we  thought  that  Grand  Caliph  Arash  bint  Sanjar,  ruler

of the Enlightened Throne of Zakhara, had sent aid. How

wrong we were.

Weakened by the decade-long Bloodforge Wars and the ensu-

ing Plague of Fiends, the Ffolk of the Five Kingdoms could

mount no defense against the surprise attack from the corsair

armada. The fleet overran their meager defenses and quickly

seized their port cities. But the worst was yet to come.

The Grand Caliph had no intention of occupying what he

considered an infected land of heathen barbarians. Thus, legions

of askar disembarked and marched inland to scour the land

clean. Outfitted in djinn-forged lamellar and wielding their

deadly katars, the askar burned every village along their path,

slaughtering fiend and Ffolk alike. The caliphs armies finished

the Scouring, as it came to be known, swiftly and efficiently.

At the start of autumn, they returned to their sambuk and

swiftly set sail for the Land of Fate.

In the chaos left by the Scouring, we Mar rose up to demand

our freedom, and the Ffolk grudgingly acquiesed, having little

stomach for another conflict. Thus we gained our freedom from

the Ffolk, though we were permitted neither land and nor voice

in the court of the kingsa situation that persists to this day.

But  though  we

are not proud, we

are  patient.

We  are  the

Mar.

 BRJ

s

d

l

o

n

y

e

R

e

n

y

a

W

y

b

n

o

i

t

a

r

t

s

u

l

l

I

Antediluvian horrors rise up against the Five Kingdoms

95

AGE OF HUMANITY

669 DR Year of the Brutal Beast

Abarat the Alabaster [671], an elf archmage with a reputation for plane-walk-

ing, resigns as head of the Six Tyryl Towers wizards school and announces

plans  to  build  a  tower  north  of  the  city  and  Cormanthor  in  the  western

reaches of what the elves called the Beast Marches (soon to be called Thar).

There he begins to build a tower out of magically strengthened ivory, declar-

ing that not only would it be a pillar of strength against the onslaught of evil

creatures from the north, but it would connect the elf nations and become a

hub for trade and travelers.

670 DR Year of the Many Floods

Entering the Vault of Ages in Myth Drannor for the first time in years due

to an outbreak of drow within the northwestern forests, Spell-Major Paeris

Haladar finds it empty, the greatest and oldest treasures of Cormanthyr all

gone.

 In Shou Lung, an invasion of southern barbarians overruns the Wepeng

garrison and Kahgang Su. For the first time local forces outnumber those

loyal to the emperor in the armies repelling the invasion. The invasion ends

suddenly and the barbarian forces retreat. The cause of the retreat is unknown,

but guessed to be the death or other loss of the barbarians charismatic leader.

Many of the clan militias and mercenary forces formed during this invasion

remain in place after this time.

671 DR Year of the Shrouded Slayer

Twenty months after building an ivory tower north of Cormanthor, the moon

elf wizard Abarat contacts former associates for aid against a besieging army of

monsters. Though some arrive within hours of receiving the magical message,

they discover that both Abarat and the monsters are all missing, as are any

external signs of anything amiss. Abarat [669] was never found or heard from

again, but his unfinished tower of pure ivory, thereafter known as Abarats

Folly, still stands as a monument of elf wizardry and as a beacon to adventurers

seeking portals to the planes that many claim to have seen inside.

 Outbreak of internal strife among the Shaaran gnolls. Gnoll raids against

the Lapal League [656, 1142] diminish significantly.

672 DR Year of the Angry Caverns

Many dwarf settlers of Myth Drannor, most of them refugee clans from the

fallen Realm of Glimmering Swords, leave the city and move north to the

southern shore of the Dragon Sea (Moonsea). They reopen the westernmost

mines  of  Sarphil,  known  as  the  Lost  Ways,  which  honeycomb  a  lengthy

escarpment (known as the Scarp) that looms over the eastern reaches of the

Tailings Bay.

673 DR Year of the Covenant

An alliance of mages called the Covenant [705] is founded to promote peace

among  the  human  kingdoms  of  the  North  and  prepare  them  for  future

conflicts with the orcs. The architects of the organization are Ilyykur [457,

1063], Aganazzar [457, 1081], Presper [457, 1101], and Grimwald [457, 1101],

hereafter known as the Four Founders.

 The fledgling town of Hillsafar, named in honor of the dwarf clan of the

same name, is founded by elves, half-elves, and humans on the western shore

of Tailings Bay to trade with the dwarves of the Scarp. Some of its found-

ers helped establish this settlement to both keep drow out of the area and

maintain some vigilance over Moanders Crypt. Within a few decades, the

towns name is corrupted and shortened to Hillsfar [1354]. Many of Myth

Drannors less established craftsworkers migrate to this new city in search

of new opportunities.

674 DR Year of the Nomad

Josidiah Starym returns to Myth Drannor to a heros welcome after retriev-

ing not the expected Warblade [1374] but the AkhFaers Artblade [689]. He

becomes Spell-Major and takes over leadership of the AkhFaer, thus rising

to a seat on the Council of Twelve.

675 DR Year of the Bloodfeud

The scandalous House Ulondarr, by openly accepting half-elves among its

direct succession, suffers censure and much grief (and not a few attacks by

mercenaries  and  assassins)  from  the  other  houses  of  Myth  Drannor.  The

attacks and social intrigues last for the next fifty years.

676 DR Year of Gruesome Grimoires

Taeral Olortynaal returns to the Incanistaeum and to the Seven Wizards of

Myth Drannor, though they are still only five in number after his rejoin-

ing. Later this year, in a politically motivated spellbattle among some noble

elves and humans, gold elf students accidentally kill Taeral and two human

students. These elves are never charged with the crimes, because they frame

the only non-elf left, and the innocent Arlesn of Arabel is forever banished

from Myth Drannor for a crime he didnt commit.

677 DR Year of Resonant Silence

Hym Kraaven, senior among the Seven Wizards, uncovers the truth about

Taerals  death  and  is  swiftly  killed  in  an  out-of-control  tavern  brawl  by

agents and friends of the rebellious and obviously power-mad magelings of

House Faerondarl.

 Gilgeam of Unther sends a naval armada to crush the rebellious Wizards

Reach. The Untheric fleet suffers terrible losses in a great storm and turns

back without landing.

678 DR Year of the Poignant Poniard

Lord  Councilor  Kharis  Maerdrym  and  his  hunting  party,  which  includes

several  humans  of  note,  mysteriously  disappear  off  the  coast  of  Delthun-

tle  during  a  Grand  Hunt  of  a  near-legendary  greater  quelzarn.  Agents  of

Unther are suspected in the attack (as are some of Lord Maerdryms usual

political foes).

679 DR Year of the Scarlet Sash

Hillsafar  is  nearly  destroyed  by  an  army  of  deepspawn-bred  monsters

emerging  from  the  tangled,  treacherous  Beast  Marches  to  the  west.  The

AkhVelahr reinforcements of Cormanthyr succeed in dispersing the beasts

by the first snowfall of winter. A small garrison of troops remains stationed

in Hillsafar for the protection of the northern forests and villages until

Myth Drannors Fall.

 Unther recognizes the League of Samathar. Unther never recovers from

the  long,  costly  campaign  to  retain  the  Wizards  Reach,  and  the  Second

Untheric Empire ends.

680 DR Year of the Long March

After more than a decade, wizards of the Guild of Naturalists  [561] piece

together the clues and realize that Halaster Blackcloak [668, 1369] has been

abducting wizards all throughout Cormanthyr in retaliation for their plunder-

ing of his monsters in Undermountain. The guild mounts a rescue expedition

into the dungeon, but it never returns, and the organization quietly ends its

sorties into Undermountain. Attempts to dispels or destroy the portal con-

necting the guilds hall with Undermountain meet with failure.

 Many human and dwarf stonemasons migrate from Myth Drannor to

Hillsafar to aid that fledgling city in constructing its first encircling defen-

sive wall.

 Chondath mercenary forces begin the long march home after ensuring the

collapse of the second Untheric Empire.

681 DR Year of the Zombie Lords

Achveult  Tattercloak,  a  student  of  the  Seven  Wizards  of  Myth  Drannor,

and his consort, Tlanchass, depart from the Sixstars intersection in a most

spectacular  fashion  during  the  festival  of  Greengrass.  Tlanchass,  who  had

long  maintained  the  guise  of  a  beautiful  human  female,  reveals  her  true

form by transforming into a gold dragon, and the pair then goes off to the

south and east.

 Nezrams tower is destroyed by the green dragon Chathuulandroth. Nezrams

children are scattered or slain.

682 DR Year of the Howling

Mentor Wintercloak and the Masked effectively disband the Seven Wizards by

leaving Myth Drannor with their last four students, all gnomes. They departed

in one of Wintercloaks properties (an old stone tower) abruptly uprooted itself

96

AGE OF HUMANITY

and flew up into the sky, heading north by northwest. The Incanistaeum now

lies solely in the hands of Sakaala of the Seven Rings.

683 DR Year of the Tainted Troll

The young but already learned mage Nezras arrives in Myth Drannor and

joins the Six Tyryl Towers wizards school to learn more of magic. The grand-

nephew of Nezram the World-Walker, Nezras seeks knowledge that will restore

his uncles Unique Mageries tome to his keeping.

684 DR Year of the Sundered Crypt

Dwarves of the Clan Tarynstone are found digging deep tunnels under Myth

Drannor despite the long-held prohibition against such actions. Furthermore,

some elf houses are outraged that the dwarves tunneling in restricted areas

has collapsed some nigh-forgotten deep crypts of the elder or long-gone houses.

Clan Tarynstones three hundred fifty dwarves are exiled from Myth Drannor

and Cormanthyr. The clan emigrates west into the Thunder Peaks.

 The Dark Diviners of Windsong Tower [580, 694], a cadre of wizards

from  Myth  Drannor,  discover  the  Book  of  the  Black,  the  tome  in  which

Augathra  the  Mad  penned  the  Black  Chronology.  From  its  cursed  text

they crib a work known as the Leaves of One Night, which reveals secrets

of Shar. Both texts are stolen by followers of Shar and lost to history for

several centuries. [1373]

685 DR Year of the Wraithwinds

Two among the eight senior officers and one junior officer split off from the

other leaders of Myth Drannor to join the High Court Mage and Councilor

Shyael  Ildacer  to  pursue  a  new  course  as  the  followers  of  the  Srinshees

dream, the Eternal Srinnala [704].

686 DR Year of the Unshriven

Nezras  the  Scholar  weds  the  female  elf  wizard  Raejiisa  Sicafei  after  both

graduate from their studies at the Six Tyryl Towers.

687 DR Year of the Wandering Sylph

The druid King Strohm II of Tethyr, also known as the Stag King, founds

Mosstone.

689 DR Year of the Eager Executioner

Matron Aunrae becomes matron mother of ruling House Nasadra in Ched

Nasad [3843, 1233]. Her power in the city is nigh absolute.

 The displaced archmage Paeris Haladar attempts to slay Josidiah Starym

with spells, vowing vengeance for his loss of status. Josidiah survives four

assassination attempts but is nearly slain in an honor duel called to settle

the feud. When Paeris seizes the fallen Artblade [674], he is found unworthy

of its power and responsibility. Forever after, a dead magic zone surrounds

and permeates Paeris Haladar, making him a pariah to all within Corman-

thyr. Josidiah reclaims the elfblade and returns to his post as spell-major

with honor.

690 DR Year of the Clashing Blades

Sakaala of the Seven Rings disbands and dismantles the Incanistaeum, the

school of wizardry formerly run by the Seven Wizards of Myth Drannor.

She and her three remaining apprentice-students (two elves, one half-elf) leave

for parts unknown after growing wings from their backs and taking flight.

At last sighting, they are headed to the northwest.

692 DR Year of the Crawling Crags

Tulrun of the Tent, a former apprentice of Mentor Wintercloak, journeys to

Ysgard this year (and remains for over a century) after encountering a shard

of Selne in the long-forgotten ruins of the Abbey of the Moon [3326].

694 DR Year of the Ominous Oracle

The first divinations and portents of doom come forth from Darcassan, the

diviner of Windsong Tower. He tells the elders of Windsong Tower [684] of

the signs, but they keep the knowledge from the public to prevent a panic.

Given the climate of distrust and factionalism, this news is also kept secret

from the council, since it is uncertain where the threat to Myth Drannors

security lies.

 The Circle of Flames and the wizards of Windsong Tower begin spiriting

magic items and tomes (including the Scrolls Ardentym and the Keryfaertel)

to safety. Many end up in Ascalhorn [515, 820] and Silverymoon [659, 712]

in the trusted hands of colleagues there (in the cases of wizards not moving

there themselves), though some wizards take off with their secrets for parts

unknown over the next twelve years.

697 DR Year of the Tritons Horn

Worshipers of Shar riot throughout the Sword Coast as the machinations

of Lalondra, the Dark Mother, sweep away the power of the Sharran clergy

overnight.  King  Davyd  of  Delimbiyran  is  assassinated  and  dies  without  a

legitimate heir. This causes the fall of the Kingdom of Man and its dissolution

into petty kingdoms such as Calandor, Scathril, and Loravatha.

698 DR Year of the Voracious Vole

The gnome city of Dolblunde [614, 1253] is abandoned after a bloody assault

by priests and followers of Urdlen.

700 DR Year of the Slain Raven

The forests of Moondale, founded shortly after the raising of the Standing

Stone [591, 1374], are completely cleared by this date even though no living

tree was ever felled by its people.

701 DR Year of the White Jonquil

Many  lycanthropes  leave  Calimport  after  the  full  moons  of  Tarsakh  and

Mirtul to spread their lycanthropy to the Tashalar and the Shaar. To the

present day, it is unknown what drew so many lycanthropes together into

Calimport  for  these  two  summer  months,  though  some  remain  below  in

Calimport Muzad.

702 DR Year of the Clutching Death

Orc raiders from the High Forest inflict heavy losses on the splinter kingdoms

of Delimbiyran that were formerly part of the Kingdom of Man. Many of

these lesser realms are destroyed before the armies of the Duke of Calandor

finally defeat the orcs.

704 DR Year of the Emerald Citadel

The Ildacer clan, due to the internal machinations of the Ruling Council and

other factions (specifically Lord Venali Starym and the Guild of Wizards,

Conjurers and Enchanters), loses much of its holdings, monies, and social

status in Myth Drannor. Although the Ildacers lose all their estates, they

move into and maintain four inns and taverns within the city. The Eternal

Srinnala [685] moves its base of operations into some old abandoned mages

towers north of the city.

705 DR Year of Watchful Eyes

The mages of the Covenant [673, 715] begin to secretly manipulate and influ-

ence the Uthgardt [576, 715] tribes of the North through their Art. By seasons

end, the tribes stand united against the goblinkind of the Savage Frontier.

708 DR Year of Bound Evils

High Mages and three battalions of AkhFaer mages battle a resurgence of

evil beasts and cultists of the fallen god Moander near the site of his fallen

temple. The cult is dispersed, and numerous lost spells of Moanders clergy

are recovered from the ruins by the elder priests and restored to use.

 Three nycaloths escape their dimensional pocket prison that floats invis-

ibly high above Cormanthyr. Their freedom depends on a red dragon that

never held malice or greed in its heart [flying] over the coronals throne.

As Saeval Ammath [358] and his adopted dragon-mount Garnetallisar [358,

712] fly above Myth Drannor, they weaken the dimensional prison enough

for the nycaloths to escape.

709 DR Year of the Earnest Oaths

The three freed nycaloths and their summoned yugoloth allies spend twenty-

nine  months  drawing  together  their  forces  amid  the  mountains  and  hills

north of the Dragon Sea. In all, their army consists of orcs, ogres, bugbears,

hobgoblins, gnolls, flinds, trolls, and an ever-growing assortment of lesser

yugoloths.

97

AGE OF HUMANITY

712: The Weeping War

Certain half-elves of Cormanthyr wrote with inks that stained and etched thin, smooth pages of electrum. One such page, scribed by

an anonymous writer, has survived and is now kept at Candlekeep. Passages from that electrum leaf follow.

T hey are calling it t he Weeping War, and for good reason. So many fair and proud folk have

been lost, wit h all t hat t hey have worked for. Once we lived in peace, beauty, and harmony

wit h t he land, but t hat utopian existence has been shat tered and dashed by t he fell fiends

t hat have invaded us, and t he brutes and dark crawling t hings t hat serve t hem.

I cannot count t he gladehavens lost, wit h all who dwelt t hereinArrune, Emmerar,

Myriyrr, Mountril, Ot hril, Purlryn, Sarasstel, Taladlat h, and more. No ot hers can I list here,

because my tears have robbed me of my reckoning.

Filled wit h rage and despair and sorrow, t hose of us who remain alive somet imes turn

to what is darkest in us, using spells we would have scorned

in fairer days. I saw Imladra Oruenbrowshe whom

we call Lady Laughingstarprofane herself wit h dark

spells and treat wit h darker beings, yielding blood

and body to t heir foul caresses in exchange for weap-

ons strong enough to destroy t he foe. When I decried

her deeds, she told me t hat vengeance was all she

lived for. What mat ter how soiled a sword she now

was, if she slew enough foes to save t he rest of

Faern, in t he name of t he dear ones torn from

her?

I had no

good answer for her

t hen, nor do I have

one now.

 EG

I

l

l

u

s

t

r

a

t

i

o

n

b

y

E

m

i

l

y

F

i

e

g

e

n

s

c

h

u

h

Imladra Oruenbrow turns to dark sorceries

to fight the Army of Darkness

98

AGE OF HUMANITY

 Hin begin disappearing inside the Southern Lluirwood. Unbeknownst to

them, the yuan-ti are using a portal to abduct halflings and take them to the

Black Jungles for experimentation.

 Start of the Tenth Sers War: This is the start of more than seven separate

civil wars that tear apart Hmurrath, pitting nearly all the races against each

other, with conflicts between all races living in the Inner Sea. [750]

710 DR Year of the Toppled Throne

Drow attacks in Cormyr claim the lives of three noble families of the realm;

while believed dead, most of the nobles survive as slaves in the Underdark.

 A portal to the Abyss opens above the palace of Westgate [616, 734], and

a large host of tiefling warriors invades. The leader of the tieflings, Iyachtu

Xvim the Baneson [734], seizes the throne of Westgate.

711 DR Year of Despairing Elves

The Weeping War: This event begins on the Feast of the Moon with the

Northern Massacres campaign as the Army of Darkness engages many elf

patrols and destroys several elf villages and clan enclaves.

 Late in autumn, the Army of Darkness overruns the mining and trading

encampments  on  the  western  Moonsea  (the  site  that  will  become  Zhentil

Keep).

 In response to the attacks of the Army of Darkness, a clandestine group

of  agents  and  intelligence  gatherers  known  as  the  NVaelahr,  or  Shadow

Soldiers, is formed by Aolis and Amara Ildacer at the behest of some senior

members of the Ruling Council of Cormanthyr.

712 DR Year of the Lost Lance

The Weeping War: The conflict continues through the year, resulting in the

deaths of many heroes and many members of the Harpers at Twilight [449,

720]. There are four major campaigns this year, and Myth Drannor nearly

falls prey to the Army of Darkness.

 The Spiders Truce is established between the drow of House Dhuurniv and

the elves of Cormanthyr against the Army of Darkness.

 The Nameless Chosen [464, 720] is transported to Silverymoon Pass by

the Silversgate Portal in Myth Drannor while fighting the mezzoloth host

of Cvor and is sorely wounded. He is saved only by the aid of Ecamane True-

silver and other wizard allies from the Gem of the North who destroy the

remaining mezzoloths and transport the Nameless Chosen to Silverymoon

[694, 719] for healing.

 Battle of Garnets Pyre: The red dragon Garnetallisar [708] rashly attacks

the Army of Darkness, and he manages to at least split the main army, slow

its advance, destroy its supply lines, and trap it amid some forest fires. Garnet

disappears in the midst of battle, not to be seen again.

 Ecamane Truesilver destroys the portal to Myth Drannor created by the

Battle of Silversgate to prevent any other fiends from being transported to

Silverymoon Pass. The strain of doing so causes the death of the elderly and

frail Ecamane. He is succeeded by his great-nephew and head apprentice Agl-

anthol the Red as High Mage of Silverymoon.

713 DR Year of the Firedrake

After more than two hundred years, the Twisted Tower [500, 906] falls once

again to the drow, marking the refounding of the Lands Under Shadow in

western Cormanthor.

The Weeping War: Battle rages on, though the allies manage to eliminate

Malimshaer and Gaulguth, two of the three nycaloths leading the Army of

Darkness. While three major campaigns rocked the forest for much of the

year, there is a tense peace from Greengrass to Midsummer night. During

this time, many Myth Drannor natives emigrate either to sister cities outside

Cormanthor or to Semberholme and Tangled Vale settlements.

 Death of Symrustar Auglamyr, Chosen of Mystra, in the Weeping War.

 End of the Spiders Truce with the death of Aolis Ildacer at the hands of

the drow and the defeat of the forces of the Army of Darkness in and around

the Elven Court, which is reclaimed by the elves of Cormanthyr.

714 DR Year of Doom

Battle of Two Gates Fall: During this battle in the Weeping War, the city

of  Delimbiyran  and  much  of  the  southern  Delimbiyr  are  devastated  by  a

magical explosion resulting from the destruction of the Warriors Gatea

portal in Myth Drannor. Many of Delimbiyrans remaining splinter king-

doms sink into decline.

 Fall of Myth Drannor: The final campaigns of the elves and allies against

the Army of Darkness see the reestablishment of the Elven Court as a seat

of elf power in Cormanthyr while Myth Drannor falls under siege by the

Army of Darkness. With the slaughter of the army and cavalry, little can

be done against the Siege of Shadow, which descends on Myth Drannor on

the 21st day of Kythorn.

 The Banes Duel: The climax of the Weeping War is a duel between the two

final opposing army leaders. The Banes Duel between the forces of Aulmpiter

the nycaloth and Captain Fflar lasts for two full days and ends with the pair

facing off in mortal combat on the 15th day of Flamerule. The magical blast

that engulfs them during the duel robs both armies of their commanders.

 The siege of Myth Drannor lasts until the Final Flight in Flamerule, as

the now-directionless hordes of the Army of Darkness simply swarm over

the citys last defenders by savagery and sheer weight of numbers. Only two

hundred elves and allies out of the three thousand who stayed to defend the

City of Song later escaped to tell of its passing.

 The thirteen surviving High Mages of Cormanthyr weave a mythal around

the Elven Court, sacrificing their lives in doing so and creating the legendary

magic known as the Highfire Crown. The Elven Court becomes the seat of

elf power in Cormanthyr, and the realm is barred to non-elves.

c. 715 DR

Refugees  from  the  fall  of  Myth  Drannor  come  to  Sers,  joining  the  sea

elves there and raising fears of a restoration of the long-fallen Aryselmalyr

Empire.

715 DR Year of Hungry Jaws

At the whispered request of the Covenant [705, 797], the Uthgardt [705, 753]

begin hunting down and slaying orc chieftains, killing a score of them over the

next five years. Their action prevents the formation of another orc horde.

716 DR Year of Reaching Regret

Silver is discovered in the Gnollwatch Mountains. The population of the town

of Herath in Dambrath triples in a years time.

717 DR Year of the Druids Wrath

End of the Dukars: Until this time, the Dukars have remained outside the

Hmurran  civil  wars  aside  from  protecting  bystanders  and  innocents  and

upholding the Laws of Battle. During this year, of which few facts are known,

the Dukars slowly withdraw from all political sectors of Sers. By years end,

the Dukars vanish, and their schools either disappear or remain mute behind

massive, impenetrable shields of magic.

 The  leaders  of  Turmish,  a  conclave  of  wizards  known  as  the  Windlass

[724], send forces to engage the druids of Silvanus, known now as the Emerald

Enclave [1150]. The ensuing defeat of Turmish forces helped establish the

Emerald Enclave as a powerful force in the Vilhon Reach.

719 DR Year of the Lost Lord

Aglanthol the Red dies at the hands of a rogue demon summoned by a reckless

wizard who was seeking to open a portal into the ruins of Myth Drannor. He is

succeeded as High Mage of Silverymoon [712, 762] by Ederan Nharimlur.

720 DR Year of the Dawn Rose

The Gathering of the Gods at the Dancing Place signals the refounding of

the Harpers at the request of some elves from the Elven Court. In atten-

dance are all fifteen of the Harpers at Twilight [712, 916] who survived the

previous decade, including Lady Alais Dree, Elminster Aumar  [331, 851],

Khelben Arunsun [712, 875] (once the Nameless Chosen), and Meil Dark-

hunter Araeln.

99

AGE OF HUMANITY

 Myth Lharast in Amn is overrun by evil lycanthrope hordes; lightning

bolts from the moon seemingly blast Myth Lharast out of existence.

 The sylvan community of Elventree is founded on the southern shores of

the Moonsea as a site for the elves of the Elven Court to continue interaction

with their allied races (since the Elven Court now is off limits to non-elves)

and as a trading site.

 With the Dukars absent, sahuagin raiding parties slaughter the remaining

sea elf and merfolk guardians of Myth Nantar and look to destroy as much

of Myth Nantar [220, 800] as possible, though they soon abandon the city

due to the uncomfortable (for them) nature of the mythal.

722 DR Year of the Last Hunt

The Great Druid of Leth claims the ancient title of Nentyarch and raises a

tree-fortress over the tainted ruins of Dun-Tharos in Narfell.

724 DR Year of the Prisoner Unfettered

Two remaining wizards of the Windlass (the leaders of Turmish) lead an assault

against the isle of Ilighn [374, 1358], hoping to destroy the druid presence

there. The wizards discover that their magic items and spells do not function,

while the druids powers remained unaffected. The attack is repelled, and the

last members of the Windlass [717] lose their lives.

729: The Triad Crusade

The following excerpt was taken from the memoirs of Relgorn Hawkwinter, the self-styled Paladin of Scrolls, who penned it

in the Year of the Cowl (765 DR), the first year in the reign of King Erynd I of Impiltur.

I remember the first golden rays of the sun chasing away the

darkness on the day we made landfall on the southwestern coast

of Impiltur. After we had debarked, Lord Elethlim gathered us

into a great conclave, in which all men and women could speak

as equals. It was on that bright morn that we decided to burn our

ships. We of the Triad had sworn to cleanse Impiltur and bring the

light back to its people, and we would do so or die in the attempt.

Within days, we saw for ourselves the depredations that the

Scaled Horde had wrought. Most villages lay empty except

for corpses, and the few humans we did encounter sought our

blood and souls for sacrifice to the demonic masters they wor-

shiped. Our arrival had roused the dark ones to a frenzy, but

our bright blades swiftly sent the host of fiends that assailed

us back to the Abyss. We accounted for scores of rutterkins

and dretches, as well as even viler creaturesincluding the

nalfeshnee Drallith the Poxed, who rode a golden chariot

pulled by chained chasme, and the half-fiend Berdrinnar with

his troop of armanites. Those first few battles hardened our

resolve and strengthened our faith. So dire was the suffering

of this land that the Broken God had wept for its people, and

we prayed to the Triad that our strength would prove sufficient

 GK

for this holy task.

Paladins of the Triad Crusade pray before battle

I

l

l

u

s

t

r

a

t

i

o

n

b

y

K

y

l

e

A

n

d

e

r

s

o

n

100

AGE OF HUMANITY

726 DR Year of the Dowager Lady

Impiltur is overrun by the Scaled Horde, an army of demons, from the west-

ern fringes of the Rawlinswood and the Forest of Lethyr. King Forvar II of

Impiltur is slain in the fighting, bringing an end to the Durlarven Dynasty

of Old Impiltur. King Agrosh the Scaled seizes the throne.

727 DR Year of the Purloined Throne

The sea elves of Sers establish Keryvyr in a section of the cliffs overlooking

the Haunted Plains (present-day Bay of Yhaunn off Sembia).

729 DR to 732 DR

The Triad Crusade: An army dedicated to Tyr, Torm, and Ilmater led by the

paladin Sarshel Elethlim travels by sea to ravaged Impiltur and begins the

Fiend Wars against the Scaled Horde.

729 DR Year of the Twisted Horn

The paladin Belthar Garshin slays Agrosh the Scaled, the self-styled king of

Impiltur, at the Battle of Horned Heads, leaving the throne of this kingdom

vacant once more.

731 DR Year of Visions

Sarshel Elethlim enters the Citadel of Conjurers and shatters the Crown of

Narfell, defeating the balor Ndulu [786] and his demon army. End of the

Fiend Wars and the Triad Crusade.

 A second flood devastates Unthalass [108, 1358].

 In Unther, Gilgeam claims the mountain stronghold of the slain brown

dragon Vulpomyscan and renames it the Citadel of Black Ash [1359].

 King Strohm II repulses the invading armies of Lower Tathtar, and the

fallen duchy of Elestam is officially recognized as part of Tethyr.

 The Ring of Eyes, a group of beholders and beholder cultists originally

from the Lake of Steam, destroys the ruling house of Cortryn and conquers

its territories. The elves of Shilmista fight the Ring constantly from this year

until the Rings end in 757 DR.

732 DR Year of the Proud Father

Sarshel Elethlim is crowned king of Impiltur with the newly reformed and

consecrated Crown of Narfell. He establishes the Elethlim Dynasty of that

realm.

734 DR Year of the Splendid Stag

The reign of Iyachtu Xvim [710, 1368] comes to an abrupt end in Westgate

[710, 1248] as he is forced by a host of mercenaries to flee the city.

 Warned by Vhaeraun, the Chaulssinyr [634, 792] withdraw into the Plane

of Shadow. Days later, drow invaders from Menzoberranzan find the city

abandoned and are forced to retreat victorious in the face of constant attack

by monsters from the Plane of Shadow. The Chaulssinyr found the Shadow

City of Chaulmurssin on the Plane of Shadow.

 Raulbaera the Maiden King, a descendant of Ulbaerag Bloodhand, claims

the lands near present-day Amphail and establishes a settlement there, which

she names Rowan Hold.

735 DR Year of the Prophets Child

Rise of the merfolk kingdom of Eadraal, centered on the city of Voalidru

just off the Hmur Plateau in Sers. Queen Selana is crowned as Eadraals

first ruler.

737 DR Year of the Winded Herald

King Strohm III battles the remnants of Tathtars fading might.

742 DR Year of Comrades-at-Arms

King Strohm III fights the first of over thirty battles with the drow of the

Forest of Mir.

747 DR Year of Stagnant Water

Founding of Flostrens Hold at the mouth of the River Tesh on the Moonsea.

 King Strohm III allies with the elves of Shilmista to fight the Ring of

Eyes in Cortryn.

748 DR Year of the Coin

Flostrens Hold is bought out by a consortium of merchants from Chancel-

gaunt who are later known as the Twelve Lords.

750 DR Year of the Dying Dwarf

Walls  are  built  around  Flostrens  Hold.  Elephstron  becomes  Lord  of  the

Keep.

 End of the Tenth Sers War: This war destroys the last warring remnants

of Hmurrath, though other casualties include an ixitxachitl barons plan to

take over the plateau. Eadraal [735], having absorbed all of fallen Hmurraths

territory, is now the largest nation to survive into the Fourth Epoch, followed

by Keryvyr and its sea elf allies to the west and north. [709]

751 DR Year of Good Tidings

Zhentar comes to Flostrens Hold and becomes its leader.

752 DR Year of High Treachery

The Cleansing of the Council begins in Flostrens Hold. Lords opposed to

Zhentar are slain. Brest, warrior-priest of Bane, is guided by visions from his

god to accept a seat on the council.

753 DR Year of Strife

The Dark Shrine, a temple to Bane, is founded in Flostrens Hold by High

Priest Brest.

 Lord  Zhentar  and  Lord  Elephstron  of  Flostrens  Hold  are  slain,  and

Elephstrons son Jhoaz is named to the Council of Lords as Lord of the Keep.

Flostrens Hold is renamed Zhentil Keep to honor the memory of Zhentar.

 The Goblin Wars: Mirabar [626, 812] is overrun and plundered by goblin

hordes that stream south out of the Valley of Khedrun. Their numbers

are thinned by the savage ferocity of the Uthgardt [715, 775] tribes who

battle them day and night for the better part of a season before the gob-

lins are eventually annihilated by the Covenant-whelmed humans of the

Dessarin Valley.

756 DR Year of the Leaning Post

Human  fisherfolk,  mostly  from  Chessenta  and  Wizards  Reach,  begin  to

settle  Aglaronds  northern  coasts  in  numbers.  The  human  settlements  of

Velprintalar, Corth, and Ingdals Arm are founded.

757 DR Year of Lost Wayfarers

The  Eldreth  Veluuthra  [262,  1275]  are  recorded  as  conducting  their  first

slayings of humans and half-elf crossbreeds.

 A Chessentan mage, Tashara of the Seven Skulls, slays the five beholders

of the Ring of Eyes and scatters their human lackeys.

760 DR Year of Drifting Stars

Tashara of the Seven Skulls is utterly destroyed by Azuth in the Tunland. One

of the Seven Skulls named Mallin is swepth into the ruins of Myth Rhynn

in the depths of the Forest of Tethir.

 Amn conquers the former land of Cortryn, bringing its borders near their

current state.

761 DR Year of Laughter

The Impossible Palace [560] reappears in Shou Lung, then disappears again

with a party of investigators inside.

762 DR Year of the Snow Sword

In  Silverhand  Tower,  near  Neverwinter,  Endu  Alustriel  is  born  to  the

human  noble  Dornal  Silverhand  and  his  sorceress  wife,  the  half-elf  Elu

Shundar. Elu was possessed by the goddess Mystra, so as to birth mortal

servants for herself. Alustriel is the second of seven silver-haired daughters

destined to become the famous Seven Sisters [1357], all Chosen of Mystra.

Her elder sister Anastra Sylun [841] was born a year earlier, and Ambara

Dove [1374] the year after, followed in succeeding years by Ethena Astorma

[1235], Anamanu Laeral [806], Alassra Shentrantra (known today as The

Simbul  [1295]),  and  Ersseae  Qilu.  Alustriel  [815]  became  famous  across

Faern as the High Mage of Silverymoon [719, 784], and is now the High

Lady of the Silver Marches.

101

AGE OF HUMANITY

753: The Words of the Black Lord

Your praise is just the beginning, but your Black

Your praise is just the beginning, but your Black

Lord is pleased. You, Brest, have been chosen to

Lord is pleased. You, Brest, have been chosen to

serve me in Faern foreverin life and beyond.

serve me in Faern foreverin life and beyond.

Others will build upon the foundations you have

Others will build upon the foundations you have

laid today in Flostrens Hold, and one day, a man

laid today in Flostrens Hold, and one day, a man

with hair of flame shall take up my scepter and

with hair of flame shall take up my scepter and

smite the lands around the Moonsea. When he has

smite the lands around the Moonsea. When he has

wrested control from those who live along the

wrested control from those who live along the

road of gold and around the steaming sea, my

road of gold and around the steaming sea, my

tyranny will spread quickly across Faern.

tyranny will spread quickly across Faern.

Know also that the coming of Zhentar was my

Know also that the coming of Zhentar was my

will, as is the strife he creates in my name. You too

will, as is the strife he creates in my name. You too

will be feared because you are my hand, but the

will be feared because you are my hand, but the

mewling mortals who cower from you are worth

mewling mortals who cower from you are worth

little more than your contempt. Strike hard at those

little more than your contempt. Strike hard at those

who stand against my goals. Teach those who do not

who stand against my goals. Teach those who do not

yet fear my name the meaning of my righteous wrath

yet fear my name the meaning of my righteous wrath

and my tyranny. I compel it. Soon Zhentars strife

and my tyranny. I compel it. Soon Zhentars strife

will lead to his fall, but his name will rise again,

will lead to his fall, but his name will rise again,

and you will bring doom to those who have stood in

and you will bring doom to those who have stood in

the way of my will.

the way of my will.

And finally, Brest, know that although you have

And finally, Brest, know that although you have

warranted my attention, still are you insignificant.

warranted my attention, still are you insignificant.

Never forget the power of my righteousness. Go

Never forget the power of my righteousness. Go

forth, spread the Dark Fear, and be blessed. To defy

forth, spread the Dark Fear, and be blessed. To defy

me is to die.

me is to die.

 TC

 TC

I

l

l

u

s

t

r

a

t

i

o

n

b

y

S

t

e

p

h

a

n

i

e

L

a

w

Symbol of Bane, the Black Lord

102

AGE OF HUMANITY

771 DR Year of the Stalking Knight

Establishment of the sea elf kingdom of Naramyr [412, 942], a former barony

of Aryselmalyr, in the depths of the Dragonmere off Cormyr.

 King Strohm IV wins the Battle of Brinniq Dell on the plains of central

Tethyr after killing the goblin chieftain Delgern the Three-Tusked in a heroic

charge that breaks the goblin horde.

773 DR Year of the Aurumvorax

Velprintalar and other towns of the northern Aglarond coast unite as Velprin,

a human kingdom with designs on the entire peninsula.

775 DR Year of the Bloody Stone

The Uthgardt [753, 797] alliance defeats an ogre-led army of orcs and goblins

that emerges from the Evermoors. The warriors of the Elk tribe fall almost

to a man in the defense of Flintrock. On the verge of extinction, these once-

proud people become little better than bandits.

784 DR Year of the Shattered Tome

High Mage Ederan of Silverymoon [762, 815] dies of old age and is succeeded

by his daughter Amaara Goldentresses Nharimlur, the first female ruler

of the city.

786 DR Year of the Moaning Gorge

The Battle of Moaning Gorge: Ndulus army is met by the great-grandsons

of  King  Sarshel  at  the  mouth  of  a  gorge  that  leads  deep  into  the  Earth-

spurs,  just  outside  the  gates  of  the  Citadel  of  Conjurers.  Employing  three

shieldsKimeltaar, Naelotaar, and Dizeltaaarand the sword Demonbane,

the Paladin Princes form a vortex portal and through it drive Ndulu [731]

and his horde back into the Abyss. Crown Prince Essys and Prince Araln are

slain in the fighting. Nord, the youngest of the three, is named crown prince

and heir to the throne.

788 DR to 806 DR

Harrowing of Nord: Nord is crowned king of Impiltur and begins a campaign

to ferret out and hunt down all fiends and fiend-worshipers throughout the

kingdom.

792 DR Year of the Crimson Thorn

The Church of Vhaeraun reveals that the ranks of the Chaulssinyr leadership

have been heavily infiltrated by malaugrym. The Masked Lords followers

assume power and found House Jaezred [734, 1136], an elite brotherhood of

assassins trained to ferret out and kill shapeshifting interlopers.

796 DR Year of the Gray Mists

Merrydale becomes Daggerdale following vampiric infestation.

 Zhent caravan masters report that night terrors in Merryvale have made

the route too dangerous. Seeking a new road to the south, the Zhents are the

only surface-dwellers to set aside violence and make peace with the drow of

the Ashaba Valley [906].

 Lower Tathtar and its capital Dajaan finally fall when a plague devastates

the surviving populace.

797 DR to 802 DR

The Uthgardt Alliance [775, 957], backed by the hidden hand of the Covenant

[715, 955], fades away as the tribes begin to feel the loss of their warriors.

799 DR Year of the Laughing Gull

Deep Imaskar [511, 1372] is invaded by chichimecs from the Elemental Plane

of Air. In the aftermath of the conflict, the citys Lord Protector Stilofyr is

exiled and the protectorship abolished.

800 DR to 850 DR

Homesteaders from Impiltur settle the eastern shores of the Easting Reach

and push inland south of the Forest of Lethyr.

800 DR Year of the Black Fist

Sammaster First-Speaker [817], founder of the Cult of the Dragon, is born,

though the location and exact date of his birth are lost to time.

 The Moonsea city of Thentia is founded.

 Mysteriously,  the  shields  around  the  Academy  of  the  Dukars  in  Myth

Nantar [720, 1358] expand slowly over the years since the citys fall to sahua-

gin. Now, all areas where the mythal touches are made impenetrable by all

matter and magic except corals, sea stars, and fish. For the next five hundred

years, folk will swim near Myth Nantar less and less frequently, given the

haunting singing that seems to emanate from the mythal when it is touched.

Folklore arises noting that the city is cursed, as are the Dukars, until they

perform some penance for all the races of Sers.

 The last ruler of the Kao Dynasty and his family perish in a fire that sweeps

the old Imperial City in Shou Lung. His third cousin Ton Bor becomes the

first emperor of the La (Wax) Dynasty, a period of widespread corruption

and mismanagement. The reigns of this emperor and those that follow in his

dynasty are controlled by rival factions and secret societies, and the name of

the dynasty has been given to it by the successor Kuo Dynasty to reflect the

malleability of its rulers. (Its own name was Yin [Silver], but that name has

been eradicated from all tomes in the empire, and only survives in records in

Kozakura and other lesser states.)

802 DR Year of the Patchworked Peace

Miners digging in the Gnollwatch Mountains break through into the Under-

dark and discover the drow city of Tlindhet. The drow begin raiding the

towns and villages of Dambrath near the mine entrance.

803 DR Year of the Reaching Hand

King Reinhar IX of Dambrath orders an expeditionary force into the mines

of the Gnollwatch Mountains to take the battle to the drow homeland. The

attack is a disaster, and the humans are quickly driven back to the surface.

 The  Yang  clan  takes  control  of  the  Tyu  Ton  garrison,  replacing  Shou

Lung troops with those loyal to Yang. There is widespread feeling that the

La Dynasty is insufficient for the task of controlling an empire, and most

garrisons are infiltrated by secret societies, including the Black Leopard Cult

[253, 1067], which makes a resurgence during this time.

806 DR Year of the Warriors Rest

The realm of Stornanter is established in the North with Laeral the Witch-

Queen as its ruler and Port Llast as its capital. Realizing the importance and

strategic location of ruined Illusk, Laeral sees to the rebuilding and reset-

tling of this city. After personally exploring the Host Tower [611, 1311] and

encountering the lich survivors of the Grand Cabal, Laeral [762, 841] erects

magical barriers around the structure to bar entry.

808 DR Year of the Crescent Moon

The drow of Tlindhet slay nearly five thousand human warriors of Dambrath

at the battle of the Shadowed Vale, north of Herath.

 The Zealot Fires: The temples of Shar, Sharess, and Ibrandul in Calimport

are destroyed by zealous Lathanderian priests.

812 DR Year of the Gem Dragons

Illusk [611, 842] is largely rebuilt by this year and construction begins on its

defensive walls. Trade from the mines of Mirabar [753, 1023] soon brings

great prosperity to both Illusk and Stornanter.

815 DR Year of the Heavy Heart

Elu Dualen, disguised as Alustriel [762, 861] of the Seven Sisters, arrives in

Silverymoon [784, 857] and becomes fast friends with High Lady Amaara.

817 DR Year of the Deadly Torch

The traveling mage Mnethos takes the young Sammaster [800, 818] as an

apprentice, noting the boys fierce intelligence and fascination with magic.

 More than fifteen hundred drow are slain by wild elves in the southern fringes

of the Forest of Amtar after retreating from a larger force of human cavalry.

818 DR Year of Broken Locks

Mnethos the mage introduces Sammaster [817, 825] to the glory of Mystra,

the worship of whom Sammaster soon adopts.

103

AGE OF HUMANITY

819 DR Year of the Mendacious Page

Drow overrun the city of Herath in Dambrath.

 Estagund  and  Var  skirmish  over  water  rights  along  their  common

border.

820 DR Year of the Roving Tyrant

The arcanist Wulgreth [883], namesake of the notorious Wulgreth of Netheril,

summons the first devils to Ascalhorn [694, 880].

825 DR Year of the Silver Flagon

Sammaster [818, 835] leaves the service of his magely tutor Mnethos, having

learned all he can from the itinerant wizard.

822 DR Year of the Wizards Chalice

The city of Prastuil in Dambrath falls to the drow of Tlindhet.

823 DR Year of the Floating Petals

Mourktar [1018] secedes from Unther.

 The  drow  of  Tlindhet  take  the  cities  of  Luenath  and  Maarlith  in

Dambrath.

823: The Lady Called Flame

The following excerpt is taken from My Passing Years, One Hajwas Writing, by Alguin Murprest, published near Pyratar in

894 DR.

The  area  where  Estagund  and  Var  meet  has  always  been

parched. With so little moisture, crops are sparse, grazing is

poor, and sandstorms are all too common. Water is like gold

there, so control of wells and springs brings much power. Thus,

those who aspire to power and wealth often erect walls around

springs to limit access.

In the year of the Floating Petals, the last open spring

was walled by Derendri, a lordling of Esta-

gund. He built a tower to

protect  the  spring  and

began demanding coin for

each waterskin filled and

taken away. Denderi had

lands and towers aplenty

in  Estagund,  but  this

spring was in Var.

Not surprisingly, the

Varrenwho  depended

on  the  springs  water

for  their  livesrose  to

hurl  down  the  tower.

But Derendri was ready

for  them.  Blood  was

shed, but the tower still

stood. Riders spread word

in both realms, and the

situation  drew  more

and  more  interest.  The

Varren shouted that they

were clearly in the right,

but the people of Estagund said nay, bran-

dishing more and better swords to back up

their claims.

While  the  argument  raged  on,  a  young  lass

named Estelarra Rilparan unregarded shopkeepers daugh-

ter from easternmost Vartook some of her fathers money

and bought herself some bright armor, a sword, and a mag-

nificent horse with full war barding. So accoutered, she rode

the length of Var proclaiming war upon Estagund unless its

people allowed the water to flow freely for everyone.

I

l

l

u

s

t

r

a

t

i

o

n

b

y

J

o

e

l

T

h

o

m

a

s

At first, people flocked to see her fall off her horsewhich

she did, many and many a time. Yet something about the fire

in her eyes and her voice touched hearts, and people began

to call her the Flame of Var. Soon, a few hajwas decided

that they might rid themselves of malcontents and criminals

by sending them to follow Estelarra. When janas started

preaching that following the Flame was good and holy, an

army started to gather in her wake. Thus, when Estelarra

finally  reached  Deren-

dris tower, she had a

host at her back.

A  far  smaller

army  out  of  Esta-

gund awaited her there.

Refusing parley, these

veteran warriors hired

by  Derendri  rode  to

surround  the  Varren

like dogs rounding up a

herd. Then they turned

their  horses  straight

into the heart of their

foes, intending to hew

their way to the Flame

of Var.

But  the  Varren

swarmed over the Esta-

gund  troops,  dragged

from  their  mounts,

and  butchered  them

on  the  spot.  The  last

few fled.

Estelarra Rilpar,

the Flame of Var

Then the Flame of Var galloped to the tower, kept her in

her saddle by the grace of the gods, and cried out to Derendri

to come forth and fight her. But he cowered within, so the

Varren pulled his tower down upon his head, freeing their

spring forevermore.

Her  mission  accomplished,  the  Flame  went  back  to  her

shop. People flocked to the place for years thereafter, making

her fathers fortune.

 EG

104

AGE OF HUMANITY

827 DR Year of the Sacri ced Fortune

The  wizard  Omm  Hlandrar  of  Halruaa  engages  a  Red  Wizard  named

Velsharoon in a spectacular magical battle in the skies over the Shaar. The

contest ends in a draw.

them and offers them the mantle of Chosen. They both leave Faern for

a  time  to  travel  the  planes,  and  the  departure  of  Laeral  [806,  875]  sees

the swift collapse of Stornanter, as greedy nobles attempt to seize power

for themselves.

830 DR Year of the Ambitious Proposal

The drow besiege the city of Shantil in Dambrath, trapping King Reinhar

IX and his army on the peninsula to the south of the city.

831 DR Year of the Deceptive Tongue

King Reinhar IX and the Arkaiun people are defeated at the Battle of Crimar

by the drow forces of Tlindhet and the treachery of a force of half-elf priest-

esses of Loviatar, led by Cathyr. Cathyr slays King Reinhar IX personally and

agrees to rule Dambrath on behalf of the drow of Tlindhet. She renames the

capital city in her honor and becomes the realms first queen.

834 DR Year of the Leaping Lion

Castle Greatstead (Grimstead) is built on the outskirts of Shadowdale.

835 DR Year of the Billowed Sail

Sammaster [825, 840] achieves the status of an archmage at an age almost

unheard of at that time. He wanders Faern extensively beginning in this

year

840 DR Year of the Fighting Sage

Sammasters [835, 851] researches into the field of metamagic result in many

new enchantments.

841 DR Year of the Hunted Elk

Laeral the Witch-Queen of the North unknowingly comes into conflict

with her sister Sylun [762, 1300]. The goddess Mystra appears to both of

 King Samyte of Tethyr and his sons are slain by Uthaedeol the Blood-

drenched, a priest of Bhaal, in Castle Dasaajk. Strohm Vs second daughter

is  crowned  Queen  Alisande,  beginning  the  Bormul  Dynasty,  or  Queens

Dynasty.

842 DR Year of the Maverick

Duke Daragos Wolfstar of Stornanter becomes Lord of Illusk [812, 957].

850 DR Year of the Empty Throne

King Beldred of Impiltur leads the Scouring, a year-long campaign into the

western parts of the Rawlinswood that slays and drives forth pockets of demons

that survived the Fiend Wars and the Battle of Moaning Gorge.

851 DR Year of the Jasmal Blade

Our Lady of Mysteries appears to Sammaster [840, 855], they dally, and the

Goddess of Magic offers to make the archmage one of her Chosen. It seems

that  Mystra  has  foreseen  the  death  of  a  Chosen,  and  Sammaster  is  to  be

her replacement. Sammaster meets with the Sage of Shadowdale, Elminster

[720, 1179], and learns how to use and control his Chosen powers, including

silver fire.

 Protected from persecution by distance and the abundance of surface-world

fishing boats and ships, SeluMaraar is founded by sea elves in the Dragon

Reach area.

y

e

l

s

r

o

H

h

p

l

a

R

y

b

n

o

i

t

a

r

t

s

u

l

l

I

Undeath rides out of the night against Sammaster

105

AGE OF HUMANITY

851: A Dark but Needful Forging

The following scene was recorded by a door, which rumor holds was enspelled by the god Azuth himself. Rather than display-

ing what lies beyond it, this door plays back certain events when opened, as if they were occurring in front of the viewer at

that instant. The scene can be viewed to this day by anyone who finds and opens the door, but its location is one of the Sacred

Secrets shared by Azuth and Mystra.

Stars winked overhead among the scudding clouds while

Selne stared down coldly on the two men in dark robes.

The elder stood by a door in a wall; the younger on open

ground, facing him.

The last test, for this day, said the elder, and then

well go inside.

Elminster closed his eyes for what seemed like a long

time, then opened them again and looked at Sammaster.

You are not to destroy what is coming, said the elder

wizard  sharply.  You  are  to  hold  it  unharmedevery

element of the wholethen turn all of it back whence it

came and make it go down.

The younger archmage merely nodded and raised both

hands to signify his readiness.

The thunder of distant hooves arose almost immedi-

ately and approached swiftly, punctuated by the rattling

of chains and armor. From out of the night rode reavers

from a nightmarea vanguard of undead warriors astride

skeletal mounts. Behind them, chariots driven by still more

skeletons bounced and rolled in the wake of brandished

blades, maces, spears, and scythes. Eyeless skulls glared at

Sammaster as the undead converged on him, their bones

clattering as they moved. They spoke not at all, but swept

down on their quarry in murderous silence.

Sammasters lips moved once as if to frame a curse,

then he shook his head a little and grew pale. Glaring at

the charging undead, he began to shake, his eyes burning

and his fingers twitching as if aching to shape spells.

On  across  the  open  space  came  the  onrushing  bone

riders, lowering their lances and hefting their blades to

destroy the lone man who stood against them. Breaking out

in a sudden sweat, the young archmage shuddered, his fear

written clearly on his face, but fire roiling in his eyes.

When  the  skeletal  host  was  only  two  horse-lengths

away from Sammaster, the skeletal riders began to turn

outward and away, their armor clattering and their swords

waving  wildly.  Chariots  veered  wide  and  slid  past  him

too, slowing as their bone horses reared and lashed out

at the night sky.

In the heart of all this tumult, the younger archmage

stood untouched, still shuddering. Then he stretched out one

trembling arm, as if in command, and the undead turned

around and began to return the way they had come.

Back to your graves, Sammaster said, his voice dry

and  cracking.  Then  his  eyes  went  dark.  Arm  still  out-

stretched, he toppled forward.

Elminster  flicked  one  finger,  and  a  flash  of  light

claimed the younger archmage before he could crash into

the  ground.  When  darkness  returned  an  instant  later,

Sammaster was gone.

Elminster sighed as he stepped away from the door in

the wall. The dramatic parts are always the easiest, he

told  the  uncaring  moon.  Cleaning  up  properly  always

takes  them  longer.  He  turned  to  face  the  retreating

undead,  and  they  fled  in  sudden  haste,  hollow  hooves

pounding into the night. And some wizards never learn

to tidy up after themselves at all.

Soliloquies again, dearest of all mortals? The voice

was a soft, deep, feminine whisper, yet it resounded from

every stone of the wall, as well as the ground beneath

Elminsters boots. Are you feeling lonely?

No, Lady mine, replied the elder archmage, watching

a fallen fingerbone spring up from the ground and bounce

with frenetic speed after the vanished undead. Just a little

sad. I am . . . not stupid enough to avoid looking ahead. It

will not end well for this one.

A lone, long-lashed eye opened on the horizon, as large

as a kingdom. The distant skeletal heads of the undead

riders  were  briefly  silhouetted  against  it  as  they  rode

down into the earth from whence they had come. From

out of the night came moans of excitement and dread.

Mystra had manifested, and her Power washed over all

in a torrent of awe.

You are right, wisest of my Chosen, she said. And

being so, you know what you must do.

Elminster nodded. I see why this blade I am forging

is necessary, he replied in a grim voice, but I mislike

tempering it so well. The results will be hard on many

in the years ahead.

It is needful, came the soft but firm reply. Then the

great eye closed, and the night itself sighed with regret

at its disappearance.

Of course, he whispered to the night. It always is,

it seems.

 EG

106

AGE OF HUMANITY

855 DR to 861 DR

Sammaster [851875] enters an extended period of exhaustive research into

the processes of life, death, and undeath, creating several original necromantic

enchantments before again taking to traveling Faern.

855 DR Year of Cornerstones

In the spring, Sammaster first encounters Zhent slavers. Many die, including

innocent prisoners.

884: Blood in the Trees

The following excerpt is taken from the diary of the trader Esklel Morthravven of Suzail.

Greed rules Sembia. The folk there always want more of

everything, they want it new, and they want it right now. They

believe that coins purge all ills and solve all problems. Mind

you, all of Faern hasnt enough valued land or commerce to

utilize all the coins that Sembians have stored away, without

even considering the gems. But personally, I love the wealth I

gain from feeding the endless hungers of these thoroughly con-

temptible folk.

Their  latest  folly  concerns  their  sharply  perceived  lack  of

Sembia. Their nation, so their thinking goes, could boast so many

more ranches and farms, and have so much more timber, if the

elf-held woods to the north and west were thrust back to make

more Sembia. Mind you, the elves dont seem eager to part with

a single tree.

So  the  Sembians  in  love  with  this  tree-snatching  notion

reluctantly emptied some of their chambers upon chambers of

idle coins to form a solemn partnership dedicated to sponsor-

ing the Army of Bright Deliverance. This armythe largest

mercenary band yet assembled in the Dragonreachhas been

sent forth to brightly deliver all the forested land east of the

Thunder Peaks and west of the Ashaba to its Sembian pay-

mastersor more specifically their Chondathan overlords. All

the rank and file had to do was swing a few swords, butcher a

few mewling elves, and go home rich, leaving the woods scoured

out so that the plundering could begin.

But the elves had other plans, and now the grand scheme is

in shambles and the Bright Deliverers are no more. The elves

prevailed  even  after  the  affronted  Sembians  hired  wizards

galore  to  hurl  both  winter  weather  and  teleported  monsters

against them.

Poor rich Sembians.

This excerpt is from the account of an anonymous member

of the Army of Bright Deliverance.

. . . Vorlond was wary of becoming lost in the dense woods

with so many arrows speeding about. Hidden archers could

easily claim the lives of too many men, and one advancing blade

of our army might even be tricked into turning and attacking

another, in the belief that the targets were elves or elf-hired

mercenaries. Vorlond commanded that we cleave to the western

bank of the Ashaba and never stray from it, no matter what

foe we encountered or how difficult the going became.

Relantrar of Westgate, however, would have none of this

plan. Creeping about in the forest, he said, is fitting for old

matrons, but not for captains of war. Then he led his force

straight into the trees and was not heard from again.

Oldovur the Southerner was little pleased with a forest that

forced his horse-archers to abandon their steeds and go on foot.

So he told Vorlond to forge ahead, and he would follow. Those

strategies left us all strung out in a line along the banks of the

Ashaba,  slipping  and  struggling  in  the  steep-sided  creekbeds

while the elves slaughtered us at will. Oldovurs archers fired

back, but more often hit Vorlonds rearguard or defenseless trees

than elves.

Then night fell, and the real slaughter began.

This excerpt is taken from the report of Baerrara Snowsyl of

the Army of Bright Deliverance.

They found Vorlonds body that morning, and command

passed to Arthaed. The elves must have been watching and

listening closely, because an arrow sprouted from Arthaeds

mouth as soon as he opened it to give his first order.

Three more fell in the same manner. When they named

me to command, I was already on the ground, sprawled as

if dead. As loudly as I could, I ordered my forces to retreat

back the way they had come, fighting only if attacked. If left

alone, my troops were just to go, but for every jack or lass of

ours that the elves slew from this moment on, they were to start

one fire as they went, using flaming arrows if need be. Then

I stood up and told all my sword-brethren to get going back

down the Ashaba. Not a single arrow came out of the trees

as we retreated.

When  those  mother-plundering  idiot  Chondathans  found

out what Id done, they called in the wizards. The way I see

it, they deserved everything they got.

This account of the Battle of Singing Arrows was penned by

the scribe Andras Haelbryn.

Sembia was handed independence that day. Once the elves

had brought down the wizards who were so busily torment-

ing them with winter storms, racing lightning, and monsters

snatched from otherwhere, they spent no more arrows on Sem-

bians ordered into the fray, and precious few on the outlander

hireswords fleeing the forest.

Instead, they peppered Chondathan warriors and battle lords

with their feathered messengers of death. The elf archers and

swordsmen seemed to know every last official and courtier

sent from distant Chondath and slew them all, ignoring all

other humans to target them.

One elf thrust me aside to get at my master, who was cow-

ering behind me. Then the elf turned to me and said, Men

should not bite what they cannot devour, lest their meal turn

and  rend  them.  Write  that  piece  of  wisdom  down  in  your

journal, so that others might learn from this day.

So I wrote, and so I live.

 EG

107

AGE OF HUMANITY

857 DR Year of Forgotten Fame

Elu Dualen becomes High Lady Mage of Silverymoon [815, 876] by decree

of the resigning Amaara, who embarks on a voyage to fabled Evermeet [615,

1321], one of the few humans ever graced with this privilege.

877 DR Year of the Scratching Claw

Warlord Lashtor of Silverymoon [876, 883] is deposed by the mage Tanalan-

thara Mytersaal. Her brother Yril is named Warlord after Lashtors execution,

and Tanalanthara is named High Mage.

861 DR Year of the Exploding Orl

Sammaster meets and begins a relationship with Elu/Alustriel  [815, 864],

Chosen of Mystra.

880 DR Year of Unfettered Secrets

Human wizards, influenced by the feyri, summon the first demons to Asc-

alhorn [820, 882].

863 DR Year of the Wondrous Sea

The Chultan city of Mezro [137, 1363] disappears.

864 DR Year of the Broken Branch

Castle Grimstead, outside Shadowdale, is destroyed by drow.

 Sammasters  relationship  with  Alustriel  [861,  875]  ends  with  disastrous

results for Sammasters emotional and mental well-being.

 Rysellan the Dark founds the Twisted Rune [907]. One of the groups earliest

lairs lies deep beneath Calimport in what was once an ancient drow temple.

 Orcs of the Nethertusk horde overrun Myth Glaurach [590, 1372].

865 DR Year of Flamedance

Sammaster meets and is befriended by Algashon Nathaire, a mage and priest

of Mystras enemy, Bane, near or in Baldurs Gate.

866 DR to 874 DR

Sammaster and Algashon travel widely, with the duplicitous priests words

turning Sammaster toward bitterness, resentment, and evil.

870 DR to 880 DR

Woodsfolk and adventurers from Velprin meet the Yuir elves, who had avoided

contact with their human neighbors for centuries.

875 DR Year of the Stricken Star

Algashon coerces Sammaster into attacking his former lover, Alustriel of

Silverymoon. Alustriel [864, 1235] is wounded in Sammasters initial assault

and calls for aid from Khelben Arunsun [720, 1150] and Laeral Silverhand

[841, 1311], two more Chosen of Mystra. Sammaster [855, 887] is stripped

of his Chosen powers. Algashon saves Sammaster from death. Sammaster,

insane, embraces evil from this point onward.

876 DR Year of the Toothless Skulls

High Lady Mage Elue leaves her rule and Silverymoon [857, 877] abruptly,

accompanied by Lynnasha Lynx Nharimlur and Tulrun. Warlord Lashtor

takes control of the city and begins to persecute its mages.

882 DR Year of the Curse

Demons and devils battle in the elf citadel of Ascalhorn [880, 883]. Triumphant

demons stream forth, bringing about the fall of Eaerlann. Dwarves allow

human refugees to settle in the surface strongholds of Citadel Sundbarr.

 Moon elf refugees from Eaerlann resettle Ardeep and rebuild the realm. A

brief alliance with the humans dwelling along the Delimbiyr and the dwarves

of the Forlorn Hills founders because of lingering suspicions about the role

of humans in the fall of Ascalhorn, later to be known as Hellgate Keep [883].

This alliance is dubbed the Fallen Kingdom (the same name already given to

Phalorm), much to the confusion of later historians.

 The dwarf realm of Ammarindar is overrun by lingering horrors unleashed

by the Netherese of Ascalhorn.

 A great human warrior known as Nimoar the Reaver gathers an armed

host and leads them in search of a new home. They come upon Bloodhand

Hold and decide to seize it for their own, quickly vanquishing the Bloodhand

tribe. The settlement is named Nimoars Hold.

 Kalgrathur Daycloaks, leader of the Nightfire Lances mercenary band,

slays Uemer Vordryn, king of the realm of Maurmurra in the Vilhon Reach,

and pronounces himself High Lord of that realm.

883 DR Year of the Giants Oath

Wulgreth of Ascalhorn flees Hellgate Keep [882, 886] and takes refuge in

the ruined city of Karse [286, 1374]. While attempting to tap the immortal

power of the dead god Karsus, he is slain by his servant Jhingleshod. The

magical energies unleashed upon his death create the Dire Wood and trans-

form Wulgreth [820] of Ascalhorn into a lich.

 An eddy of magical chaos emanating from Hellgate Keep causes the Hall

of Mists and Grandfather Tree [2436, 1368] in the High Forest to be infested

with a colony of warped, gargantuan red ants.

 Tanisell the Cloaked, a human originally from Ascalhorn [882, 1221], is

elected High Mage of Silverymoon [877, 897].

I

l

l

u

s

t

r

a

t

i

o

n

b

y

J

a

s

o

n

A

E

n

g

l

e

.

884 DR Year of the Singing Arrows

The Battle of Singing Arrows: The elves destroy a large mercenary force in

onreach  coastal

Drag-

the

Chon-

Sembian coins vainly hurl winter magic and teleported monsters galore against elf foes

108

AGE OF HUMANITY

dathan human settlements that have commonly become known as Sembia.

This event frustrates human plans to conquer all of what is now Cormyr and

the Dales, brings the survival of the Sembian colony into doubt, and delays

the eventual founding of an independent Sembia.

886 DR Year of the Fell Firebreak

Harpers place wards around Hellgate Keep [883, 890] to prevent demons from

using their gate abilities.

887 DR Year of Fell Pearls

The first translations of ancient prophecies by the mad Sammaster [875,

902]  are  distributed,  including  his  specious  work  on  Maglass Chronicle of

Years to Come. Sammaster became convinced that dead dragons would one

day rule Toril, a path of belief he named the Scaly Way.

 Southern pirates attack Nimoars Hold in force, but the Reavers followers

beat them back three times in a row.

888 DR Year of the Twelve Teeth

In the Great Dale, the sorcerer Clymph [890] raises the demon-built tower

that bears his name.

889 DR Year of the Shining Shield

The Tethyrian Bull Elk tribe attacks Nimoars Hold and sets it afire. The

Reavers followers drive off the barbarian raiders and rebuild the hold before

the first winter snow.

890 DR Year of the Burning Tree

Clymph  [888,  1370]  builds  Tower  Threespires  in  the  Great  Dale.  Shortly

thereafter, he is slain by demons in his own keep.

 The demons beneath Hellgate Keep [886, 912] begin tunneling to bypass

the Harpers wards.

 Aerosclughpalar Gildenfire, a gold dragon who became a protector of

the High Forest, is born.

893 DR Year of the Raised Sword

An army of Nar horsemen led by the chieftain Galush attacks northeastern

Impiltur but is defeated at the Battle of Twelvepikes on the banks of the

Soleine River by an army led by Duke Lantigar Deepstar.

896 DR Year of the Empty Hand

Extensive poverty and famine from this year to 900 DR.

897 DR Year of the Calling Shrike

Yril Mytersaal dies of old age, and the office of Warlord of Silverymoon [883,

900] is given to his son Laruth by High Mage Tanisell.

900 DR to 1050 DR

Human settlers and green elves mix in the Yuirwood, giving rise to a nation

of half-elves, the Cha-TelQ uessir.

900 DR Year of the Thirsty Sword

Leading  his  army,  the  Glory  of  Cormyr,  King  Galaghard  strikes  against

the Witch Lords and their undead armies in Wheloon, driving them into

the Vast Swamp. Weary after months of battle, the Cormyrean troops are

finally granted a decisive victory with aid from the venerable elf lord Otho-

rion Keove.

 The Vault of Sages is built in Silverymoon [897, 933].

 Civil war breaks out in Chondath.

902 DR Year of the Queens Tears

Sammaster [887, 905] creates the first Cult dracolich, Shargrailar. The rituals

and components necessary to create a dracolich are transcribed in the Tome

of the Dragon, a holy relic that is later used by the many cells of the Cult of

the Dragon [905] to raise their own dracolich allies.

 Tchazzar [929] ascends to the position of Sceptenar of Cimbar and extends

his writ along the coast of northwestern Unther.

 Zhentilar troops are attacked by Phlanite raiders, forcing Zhentil Keep to

act in protection of its borders.

 Chondath formally grants independence to the Sembian city-states Chon-

dathan and Chauncelgaunt.

 The Rotting War: The bitter civil war in Chondath earns its title as nec-

romantic magic decimates the battlefield on the Fields of Nun. Plague soon

sweeps  throughout  the  land.  Chondath  breaks  up  into  a  nation  of  loosely

aligned city-states.

905 DR Year of the Rotting Word

Sammaster [902, 916] finishes his principal work on the Tome of the Dragon,

and copies begin to appear across Faern as the philosophy of the Cult of the

Dragon [902, 916] spreads.

906 DR Year of the Plough

Driving the drow from the Twisted Tower [713, 1374], Cormyte agents seize

the Ashaba Valley [796] and name the area Shadowdale.

 The Treaty of the Ride is concluded between Zhentil Keep, Phlan, and

Melvaunt.

907 DR Year of Waiting

The upper city of Calimport is reclaimed and resettled by Mameluks [533]

who are shut out of the power circles of Manshaka. At the secret urgings of

the Twisted Rune [864, 1311], they seek to reclaim the ruined greater city

beyond the walls of the port. Rysellans primary agent in this endeavor is

Vizar Bollus el Kahdan, a half-elf wizard and warrior.

911 DR Year of Ruins Reborn

The Deepblaze: At Midsummer, Vizar Bollus el Kahdan proclaims himself

syl-pasha of Calimport after attempting to eliminate the powers beneath the

city by filling the ancient sewers and avenues beneath the many layers of

ruins and rubble with oil and setting it all afire.

 Rise of the Morkoth Arcanum of Olleth. The First Arcane Xynakt begins

his reign of terror among the morkoth and establishes the Nine Towers in

Sers.

912 DR Year of the Sudden Journey

Demons tunneling from under Hellgate Keep [890, 1221] reach the Nether

Mountains.

913 DR Year of the Watching Raven

Sembia is founded under the Raven Banner, the personal emblem of Rau-

thauvyr the Raven, a human war-leader who gathered and commanded a

standing army to police the roads of the fledgling human territory. Rauthauvyr

forces the elves to allow a road through their forests, linking the northwestern

shore of the Sea of Fallen Stars to the Moonsea, ensuring the growth and

prosperity of Sembia. Hailed as the founder of the realm, he refuses to rule it,

preferring to serve a succession of elected-by-merchant-council overmasters

until he grew old and infirmwhereupon he rode off alone into the forest,

never to be seen by humans again.

916 DR Year of the Sinhala

The  Harpers  [720,  992]  and  clergy  of  Lathander  ambush  Sammaster  and

his Cult of the Dragon entourage as they travel to visit two green wyrms in

southern Cormanthyr. Sammaster and an avatar of Lathander do battle, and

Sammaster [905, 1282] is seemingly obliterated.

 After Sammasters downfall, Algashon leads the Cult of the Dragon [905,

950] underground for the first time since its creation in the prior century.

Algashons Cult adopts many of the revenue-generating schemes required to

finance the groups operations.

 The shalarins of the Fourth Passing and children of other generations found

the new kingdom of Esroch, further expanding Asarem in Sers.

917 DR Year of the Winding Road

Windyn Balindre, an Impilturan merchant, pioneers the route of the Golden

Way [937] to Kara-Tur.

109

AGE OF HUMANITY

906: Treaty of the Ride

This monograph was set to parchment by Lagodnoi, Sage and Warden of Mendors Library in Phlan, on this third day of

Tarsakh, in the Year of Risen Elfkin (1375 DR).

Since the citys founding in the Year of Shying Eyes (367 DR),

we Phlanites have been an honest and hardworking folk. After

the sinking of Northkeep in the Year of the Blue Shield (400

DR), Phlan became the sole human settlement on the northern

shore of the Dragons Sea. In time, the town grew prosperous

and  expanded  to  fill  the  whole  Stojanow  delta.  Hillsafar,

abandoned  after  the  Fall  of  Myth  Drannor,  swelled  our

numbers further.

Few took an interest in the small mining camp founded at

the mouth of the River Tesh in the Year of the Fanged Beast

(640 DR). Flostrens Hold was built on that site decades later,

and its walls were completed in the Year of the Dying Dwarf.

In later years, rumors of a dark temple constructed in the heart

of Flostrens Hold (now known as Zhentil Keep) began to spread

throughout the Moonsea region. Yet we citizens of Phlan, not

the type to stick our noses into the affairs of others, turned a

blind eye to the rising threat in the west.

The first assault came during the Year of the Q ueens Tears

(902  DR),  just  after  the  first  spring  thaw.  The  heretofore

unknown Zhent navy seized Thorn Island before dawn and

set the harbor aflame with pitch and burning arrows. While

our  water  brigade  was  dousing  the  flames  in  the  southern

districts, Zhentilar foot soldiers set off down the river on boats

and captured Stojanow Gate without a fight.

Shocked at the unprovoked aggression by Zhentil Keep against

its trade neighbor, Melvaunt sent its powerful navy west to

break the Zhent blockade on Phlans harbor. After a few hours

of fighting, the Zhent flotilla abandoned Thorn Island and

retreated west to safer waters.

The Zhentarim return triumphant to the Keep

For  four  long  years,  Zhentil  Keep  battled  against  Phlan

and our sister city. Though outnumbered, the forces of the keep

ultimately turned the tide against the eastern allies by employing

the deadly magic of their unholy priests.

In the Year of the Plough (906 DR), Phlan and Melvaunt

lost  a  rapid  succession  of  battles  against  the  Zhentilar  just

east  of  the  Q uivering  Forest.  The  allies  had  played  their

last card, and all seemed lost. In the same month, however,

Zhentil Keep had suffered a major setback in the south, when

Cormyte agents drove the drow from the Ashaba Valley and

established the settlement of Shadowdale. Overextended and

seeking a greater prize in the south, Zhentil Keep drew Phlan

and Melvaunt into an alliance that the two cities, weakened

by war, could not refuse.

The  signing  of  the  Treaty  of  the  Ride  was  not  a  proud

moment for the citizens of Phlan. The ratification of the peace

accord took place in the foothills of the Dragonspine Mountains,

at the mouth the Stojanow. A delegation of barbarians from the

Ride witnessed the signing, though we suspected that the Black

Network had coerced the tribes into sending representatives.

The Treaty of the Ride represented the end of true freedom

for the people of Phlan. In the intervening years, Zhent control

over the city waxed and waned. The destruction of Zhentil

Keep in the Year of the Banner (1368 DR) represented a fleet-

ing hope for the citizens of Phlan. But when it rose anew from

the ashes, our fortunes faded.

Today, I look out upon the common Zhentilar troops parading

through Padol Plaza with a heavy heart. I see dark days ahead

for Phlan and for all the free peoples of the Moonsea.

BRJ

110

I

l

l

u

s

t

r

a

t

i

o

n

b

y

W

i

l

l

i

a

m

O

C

o

n

n

o

r



AGE OF HUMANITY

920 DR Year of Great Riches

Balindre returns from Kara-Tur laden with silks and spices. He organizes the

Royal Company of Shou Lung, obtaining a charter from Lyrabars ruler.

922 DR Year of the Spouting Fish

The  Red  Wizards  [249,  934]  of  Thay,  led  by  Ythazz  Buvaar,  rebel  against

Mulhorandi rule and sack the provincial capital at Delhumide. The conjurer

Jorgmacdon summons the demon lord Eltab [202, 1367] to fight on behalf

of the Red Wizards at the Battle of Thazalhar, routing the armies of Mul-

horand.  The  realm  of  Thay  is  founded,  heralding  the  end  of  the  Second

Mulhorand Empire.

 Crinti (half-drow) raiders from Dambrath attack Ammathlauir. The hin, led

by the marchwardens, turn back the invaders after three days of fighting.

 The great black wyrm Chardansearavitriol becomes a dracolich.

924 DR Year of the Cracked Turtle

Plague causes the death of King Peverel of Old Impiltur and his two male

heirs. His sole remaining descendant, Princess Aliia, is deemed too young to

rule by the senior nobles at court, and a new king is sought by way of royal

marriage.

926 DR to 1097 DR

The Kingless Years: After Princess Aliia of Old Impiltur dies at sea while en

route to wed her betrothed, Prince Rhiigard of Cormyr, the Elethlim Dynasty

comes to an end. Impiltur remains leaderless, and the realm fractures into

a seething cauldron of rival city-states as powerful nobles attempt to gain

the vacant throne.

926 DR Year of the Fearless Peasant

Windyn Balindre moves his companys operations from Lyrabar to the new

settlement of Telflamm and claims the title of Merchant Prince.

927 DR Year of the Red Rain

The wrath of the orc god Yurtrus falls upon the Sword Mountains, causing the

Blood Plagues. An orc shaman named Wund unites the orc tribes under the

leadership of the chieftan Uruth, establishing the realm of Uruth Ukrypt.

928 DR Year of the Hurled Axe

The Lord of Calandor attempts to have himself crowned King of Delimbi-

yran, the Kingdom of Man, but fails due to a lack of support from surround-

ing  human  settlements  and  the  active  opposition  of  the  now-independent

Secomber.

929 DR Year of Flashing Eyes

Several  Chessentan  cities  form  an  alliance  under  the  leadership  of  the

dragon-in-disguise and warlord Tchazzar [902, 953] and secede from Unther.

The Alliance of Chessenta drives Unther back beyond the Riders to the Sky

Mountains.

931 DR Year of the Penitent Rogue

While traveling north with a merchant caravan hailing from Baldurs Gate,

Tyndal, the son of a merchant commoner, slays a group of lizardfolk near

the site of ruined Morlin Castle [403, 947].

932 DR Year of Fireslaughter

First Trollwar: Gangs of trolls begin attacking Nimoars Hold with increasing

regularity. In response, the aging Nimoar leads his forces northward against

the Everlasting Ones in what becomes known as the First Trollwar, burning

uncounted square miles of land bare in the process.

933 DR Year of the Five Jugs

Laruth Mytersaal [1306] is slain by orc raiders and succeeded as Warlord of

Silverymoon [900, 952] by his son Rayuth.

y

e

l

s

r

o

H

h

p

l

a

R

y

b

n

o

i

t

a

r

t

s

u

l

l

I

War Lord Nimoars letter presaged the Orcfastings Wars

111

AGE OF HUMANITY

934 DR Year of Fell Wizardry

Mulmaster [1306] is founded as a trading fortress between the Moonsea, the

River Lis, and the Dragon Reach.

 The orcs of Uruth Ukrypt eradicate the gnome settlements in the Sword

Mountains and the surrounding foothills.

 First Thayan invasion of Rashemen. The Red Wizards [922, 955] attempt

to invade Rashemen through the Gorge of Gauros but are repelled.

 Thayans arrive in Escalant demanding tribute from the city.

936 DR Year of the Sky Raiders

Orcfastings War: Led by Wund, the orcs of Uruth Ukrypt stream out of

the Sword Mountains and attack Nimoars Hold, bringing an end to several

small human realms clustered in the Dessarin Valley. Many refugees flee to

the safety of Nimoars Hold, and the orcs are ultimately defeated in a series

of conflicts including the Battle of Whirling Blades, the Battle of Sarcrag,

the Battle of Withered Fields, the Battle of Burning Cliffs, the Battle of

Westwood, and the Horderoute.

 Town of Waterdeep: In the aftermath of the Orcfastings War, Nimoar

died of old age, and the mantle of War Lord passes to Gharl, his most

accomplished general. Nimoars Hold grows and prospers, and the fledgling

community becomes known among ship captains as the town of Waterdeep.

 Start of the Eleventh Sers War: The three sea elf kingdoms of Sers

unite under the wizard Nyratiis and try to use magic to reconquer the Inner

Sea. [944]

937 DR Year of the Turning Wheel

Thesk  is  founded  by  the  Alliance  of  the  Cities  of  the  Golden  Way  [917,

1360].

939 DR Year of the Vengeful Hal ing

Nyratiis creates numerous powerful items for his generals and fellow elf rulers,

including Arygantor the Coral Net, the Chariot of Nyratiis, the four Unicorn

Saddles, the Staff of the Deep, the Helm of the Sea Lion, the Swift-Swim-

ming Anklets of Osura, and Aceal the Commanders Trident.

940 DR Year of the Cold Claws

Second Trollwar: Beginning with Amphail the Just, who reigned for a year,

six warriors claim the mantle of War Lord of Waterdeep during the next

twelve years, only to fall in never-ending battle as the defenders of Waterdeep

battle gangs of trolls throughout the Dessarin River valley.

 Facing death, the elderly and infirm first human lord of Shadowdale, the

water wizard Ashaba, merges with the river that bears his name, seeking to

live on as part of the land he loves. His sentience is said to survive in the

flowing waters and aid those who know how to call on him.

 The Moonsea city of Hulburg [1110] is founded.

 King  Rauragh  of  Uruth  Ukrypt  plans  to  bring  orc  bands  through  the

subterranean routes of the Underdark and then sweep on to Waterdeep, but

Palarandusk the Sun Dragon destroys the orc horde before it can properly

form.

942 DR Year of the Circling Vulture

Drow raiders plunder cities along the Sword Coast, enslaving many humans

of the Dessarin Valley. The small realms of Harpshield and Talmost, which

border the Ardeep Forest west of the ruins of Delimbiyran, are ravaged and

burned.

 End  of  the  Eleventh  Sers  War:  This  war  destroys  the  central  sea  elf

kingdom  of  Keryvyr,  though  the  wizard  and  would-be  coronal  Nyratiis

escapes capture. Keryvyrs allies survive. Of the subordinate kingdoms and

duchies of Aryselmalyrs golden era, only Naramyr [771] and Selu Maraar

survive. [936]

945 DR Year of the Foolish Bridegroom

Tyndal, now a rich merchant and a hero among the people, marries the Duke

of Calandors only child and heir, Eleesa.

947 DR Year of the Advancing Wind

The realm of Calandor is ravaged by the battle between the silver dragon

Teskulladar Manytalons and the white dragon Cortulorrulagalargath. In

his death throes, the great white wyrm falls from the sky onto the remnants

of Delimbiyran, slaying the Duke of Calandor and his retinue. Tyndal, his

son-in-law, is proclaimed duke and relocates the ducal seat to the site of the

old Barony of the Steeping Falls [403]. Construction of Castle Daggerford atop

the ruined remnants of Morlin Castle [931] begins immediately.

950 DR Year of the Doomguard

Cult of the Dragon [916, 962] cells number near one hundred at this time, the

height of Cult power across Faern since the organizations inception.

951 DR Year of the Empty Hourglass

Phandalin, an important farming center located southwest of Old Owl Well,

falls to the orcs of Uruth Ukrypt.

952 DR Year of the Rings Royal

This year marks the end of the Second Trollwar as the Everlasting Ones are

pushed back from the walls of Waterdeep. The human realms and holdings of

the North unite under the leadership of Aeroth, War Captain and champion

932: First Trollwar

The following excerpt is taken from a letter written by War Lord Nimoar to his chief lieutenant, Gharl.

Gharl,  I  write  to  you  now  in  haste.  My  troops  have  been

marching for days without letup, and I have allowed them

only a brief rest before we continue on. I hope to reach the

Stone Bridge by nightfall, in advance of the fires that we have

unleashed  in  our  battle  against  the  Everlasting  Ones.  The

air here is thick and heavy with smoke, and great fires burn

along the horizon in every direction except across the River

Dessarin. I suspect our foes are cunning enough to lie in wait

for us at the dwarf-built span, so tomorrow will undoubtedly

end in battle with the Everlasting Ones.

You should know that this great threat to the safety of

our hold is more than mere happenstance. I believe the trolls

that have attacked us in such numbers have actually been

pushed out of the foothills of the Sword Mountains. I do

not yet know the reason behind this exodus, and few of my

scouts have returned. Nevertheless, I learned from one recent

enlistee with a trace of orc heritage that the Tusked Ones of

the Sword Mountains are becoming increasingly organized

and have driven all rivals from their newly claimed demesne.

Apparently  a  shaman  known  as  Wund  has  established  a

monastic order called the Brotherhood of the Scarlet Scourge.

This organization is backed by the White Hand of Yurtrus,

which forms the backbone of this burgeoning orc kingdom.

I expect an attack on our hold in the next couple of years,

so I beseech you to begin appropriate preparations.

 ELB

112

AGE OF HUMANITY

of  Silverymoon  [933,  972];  Ahghairon  [1007]  of  Waterdeep;  and  Samular

Caradoon  of  Tyr  and  clear  the  Evermoors  of  trolls.  The  wizard  Renwick

Caradoon, brother of Samular, dies in the final battles and is transformed

into an archlich.

 The settlement of Phsant [1360] is founded in Thesk.

976 DR Year of the Slaying Spells

A Mulhorandi invasion of Thay is repelled at the River Thazarim.

 Upon discovering that the Red Wizards [955, 1081] of Thay were respon-

sible for the Orcgates Affair, the Covenant [955, 1063] begins to work subtly

against the mages from the east.

982 DR Year of the Scythe

Warlord Rayuth of Silverymoon [972, 990] dies of old age and is succeeded

by his sadistic and proud son Tulven.

987 DR Year of the Flaming Dwarf

Rockfire: Deep within the tunnels under the Trackless Sea [418, 1358], an

expedition of dwarf miners is ambushed by drow. During the ensuing conflict

a deep core fissure erupts, vomiting a deadly river of magma into the gallery.

Both sides take substantial casualties with only a handful of survivors. Separated

from mainland Faern and each believing their enemy destroyed, the drow

and dwarf exiles undertake an epic journey through the Underdark to the west.

When they finally emerge onto the surface, the dwarves find themselves amid

the harshest desert imaginable, the Sands of Itzcala in Maztica. The drow

emerge farther south, within the foothills of the Axapoztlan Range.

988 DR Year of the Meddling Avatar

Wai Fu Hong leads a group of cities in revolt against imperial taxes. Instead

of reprisal, the throne negotiates, concentrating instead on not spreading the

news of the revolt. Tu Lung nobles (as they think themselves now, a separate

entity from the corrupt northerners) are encouraged by the perceived weak-

ness of the imperial court.

990 DR Year of the Muster

Due to abuses of his power and position, Warlord Tulven of Silverymoon

[982, 1050] is stripped of his rank and position within the city. High Mage

Threskaal proclaims that henceforth the office of Warlord is to be granted

only in times of military need and is not to be hereditary.

991 DR Year of the Breaking Ice

The kingdom of Sossal [331, 1319] is rocked by a series of earthquakes. The

tremors create fissures in parts of the Great Glacier, unleashing several power-

ful demons trapped there since the fall of Narfell. Led by their ruler Londra-

eth, the warriors of Sossal manage to vanquish the rampaging fiends.

992 DR Year of the Watching Helm

Seeing a need for accurate recordkeeping and heraldic arbitration to anchor

civilization  and  maintain  clear  communications,  the  Harpers  [916,  1021]

found the Heralds of Faern [1116]. The Harpers fight against rulers and

brigands who falsely use the blazons of others to blame them for ill deeds, but

the maintenance of lineages and rolls of blazonry (primarily for purposes of

settling inheritances) is conducted by the Heralds, who become increasingly

widespread  and  influential  because  their  closely-guarded  impartiality  wins

trust across the Realms.

 Lord Saros begins shaping Turmish into one of the strongest naval powers

in the Vilhon Reach.

993 DR Year of the Slain Mountain

Prince Chelimber, descendant of Boareskyr and ruler of the Principality of

the Snarling Boar, has a falling out with the Wizard of the Crag and com-

missions the wizard Taskor the Terrible of Irieabor to slay this mage. In the

great spellbattle that follows, summoned water elementals run amok, inundat-

ing the land, destroying the Principality of the Snarling Boar and forming

the Marsh of Chelimber.

 Many of the lizardfolk tribes that had long inhabited the northern Serpent

Hills migrate eastward into the newly forming Marsh of Chelimber.

953 DR Year of the Guiding Crow

Tchazzar of Chessenta attacks the cities of the Wizards Reach, causing the

fall of the League of Samathar. Various cities are conquered by Tchazzar [929,

1018] or make a separate peace with the warlord, becoming tributary states.

955 DR Year of the Telltale Candle

Orcgates Affair: The mages of the Covenant [797, 976] gather a great, armed

host from the human settlements of the North to confront an orc horde

massing in the Spine of the World. In a move known as the Orcgates Affair,

the Red Wizards [934, 976] of Thay magically transport the horde far to the

south by means of great portals. The North is spared much devastation, and

the failure of the orcs to appear deals a significant blow to the influence and

prestige of the Covenant.

957 DR Year of the Entombed Poet

Illusk [842, 1023] repels attacks by Uthgardt [797, 1368] barbarians.

962 DR Year of the Shandon Veil

The Cult of the Dragon [950, 971] reaches farther south than ever before

with the creation of a cell in, around, and beneath the city of Hlondeth in

the Vilhon Reach.

963 DR Year of the Deadly Duo

Construction of Castle Waterdeep begins.

971 DR Year of the Children

The Cult of the Dragons [962, 972] further expansion in the south is halted

by the church of Tiamat when an underground Cult cell trespasses on a

similar group worshiping the Dragon Queen in the city of Surkh.

972 DR to 995 DR

The Cult refocuses its efforts to expand in the North, creating at least ten

new cells in this time period. The only known failure of the Cult to infiltrate

an area during this era occurs in Silverymoon [952, 982].

972 DR Year of the Cairngorm Crown

After the recent defeat in Surkh, dissidents within the Cult of the Dragon

[971, 1001] begin to openly question Algashons leadership and the weighty

influence the church of Bane has had in Cult operations in the preceding

years, with the mage Tuelhalva Drakewings becoming a particularly outspoken

opponent of the god of tyrannys place in the Cult.

 The scattered derro tribes of the Northdark launch a Uniting War against

the duergar of Gracklstugh and succeed in slaying King Barthorn V. The newly

crowned King Tarngardt VII launches a crusade to exterminate the scattered

derro clans of the Northdark, and several hundred derro are brought back to

Gracklstugh as slaves. [1063]

973 DR Year of the Emptied Lair

A horde of half-drow shadow marauders rides from Dambrath through the

Nath Pass to raid towns in Halruaa, sparking a series of skirmishes between

the two countries that lasts four years.

974 DR Year of the Haunting Harpy

The Moonsea settlement built around the stronghold of retired half-elf adven-

turer Sulass Drowsbane is incorporated as the city of Sulasspryn.

 Castle Waterdeep is completed. Laroun [1026], Waterdeeps first female

War Lord, takes up residence therein.

975 DR Year of the Bent Coin

Telflamm  is  established  as  a  royal  city-state,  then  annexes  Nyth  and

Culmaster.

113

AGE OF HUMANITY

987: Rockfire Disaster

The following is a translation of the text from two runestones that Cragwarden Samiel Tussin unearthed from the sands of

Itzcala, just southwest of Trythosford, in the Year of Lightning Storms (1374 DR).

1st Day of Hammer

1st Day of Hammer

Today we leave the encampment of

our brothers, who are defending the

lower tunnels of Dennins Delve in

the Moonshaes. Our path leads west,

beneath the Trackless Sea and into

the deep earth of the Underdark. Xoth

Jakolor tells of a land far beyond

the horizon where a dwarf can

bathe in gold. May Vergadain grant

us good fortune and lead us safely

to this faern in the west.

21st Day of Hammer

21st Day of Hammer

Gordul! We have found an ancient

outpost submerged beneath a dunglor,

about a 20-day march from Torgans

Delve. We recovered earthenware and

other simple implements of dwarven

workmanshi p from within the ruins,

but no clue as to the fate

of these people. We

camp now for

evenfeast.

16th Day of Alturiak

16th Day of Alturiak

Blast the treacherous

drow! A tenday ago,

the beldarakin ki lled

two of our rear

scouts, and they

have been stalk-

ing us ever since.

Though we move

swiftly through

the burakrin,

the spider-kiss-

ers match us

step for step.

We have had

enough. Today

we make our

stand, and

may our axes

find homes in

the bodies of our

enemies.

with steel in our hands and Mora-

dins song on our li ps. The dark elves

unleashed their spells and sent forth

their summoned monstrosities, but

we held strong and suffered few

casualties.

But when the rock moaned in protest,

an eerie calm descended upon the bat-

tlefield. The earth shuddered violently,

knocking both dwarf and drow from

their feet. The floor gave way, and

a stream of rockfire and ash spewed

from the gash in the earth. Then the

vault above our heads split open,

dumping the whole of the ocean down

upon our heads. A quick prayer from

the High Old One to Marthammer Duin

sheltered me and

I

l

l

u

s

t

r

a

t

i

o

n

b

y

S

t

e

v

e

n

B

e

l

l

e

d

i

n

eight others,

but two score

of my broth-

ers died within

moments. The Soul

Forger keep them; I

have no more prayers

to offer. I am tired and

now must sleep.

Day 115 since Rock-

fire (10th Day of

Kythorn

The brutal sun

blisters our

skins, but we are

thankful that we

can finally see

the sky and feel

the wind in our

beards again.

Only an inhos-

pitable desert

greeted us

when we at

last found our

Day 18 since Rockfire

Day 18 since Rockfire

(2nd Day of Ches

(2nd Day of Ches

Tol succumbed to his wounds 5 days

ago, and Osk the morning before,

leaving Durl to lead the Rockjaw.

Clanggedins bloody axeI can hardly

believe what befell us 18 days past!

As planned, we engaged the drow

Clan Rockjaw emerges onto the

fiery sands of Itzcala

way to the sur-

face, but we cheered

anyway. Now we can

see foothills on the

eastern horizon, so we

travel in that direction. May Moradin

bless us and bring us prosperity in our

new home.

 Varuna Rockjaw

Blood of Grysygonth, Daul of Fallen

Ammarindar

 BRJ

114

THE PRESENT AGE

The Present Age

1000 DR to Present

This is an age of exploration and discovery, when new continents

are discovered to the west and trade is reestablished with the east.

This is a time when the Great Glacier retreats, uncovering the

realms of Vaasa and Damara. And it is the age of the Godswar,

when the power of the gods rested  rmly in the hands of their

faithful.

 The blue dragon Alasklerbanbastos [1322] allies with the Cult of the Dragon

[1001, 1222] cell in Mourktar [823] and is transformed into a dracolich.

 Cormyr  suffers  greatly  from  dragon  attacks  throughout  the  kingdom.

Arabel, Dhedluk, Eveningstar, and a score of other settlements go up in flames.

Suzail itself is set upon by three red dragons and the Purple Dragon himself,

Thauglorimorgorus [205]. High Mage Thanderahast is grievously wounded in

an aerial battle against Thauglor. Brought to the ground, the dragon is finally

slain by Crown Prince Azoun II and Mage Royals apprentice Jorunhast.

1019 DR Year of the Sure Quarrel

Assassin  wars  in  the  South;  many  satraps  killed  by  crossbow-wielding

thieves.

c. 1000 DR

Pholzubbalt [1200, 1238] lies abandoned and forgotten. The necromancers

who founded the city feuded and destroyed each other.

1020 DR Year of Smoldering Spells

Thay develops much of its unique fire magic.

1001 DR Year of the Awakening

Tuelhalva Drakewings encounters the exiled archdevil Gargauth [1018] trapped

in a pit in Peleveran. Gargauths words inspire him to begin plotting a break

from the Sembian cell of the Cult of the Dragon [972, 1018] and its Banite

leadership. [1018]

1001 DR to 1006 DR

Factionalism within the Cult of the Dragon increases, with most members

joining either Algashons reformational Bane-influenced camp or the prag-

matic faction led by Tuelhalva Drakewings.

1002 DR Year of the Heavenly Rock

Durpar negotiates an armed peace with Ulgarth.

1003 DR Year of the Labyrinth

The Kamaar Slaughters: Five merfolk war parties of Clan Kamaar of Eadraal

disregard the Laws of Battle and destroy an entire ixitxachitl city with their

ignoble ambush. For their crimes, merfolk King Kosul I exiles the clan to

the site of their massacre and in time the merfolk there form the city of

Thuridru.

1007 DR Year of the Bold Barbarian

Waterdeeps city walls expand, absorbing the ruins of Halasters Hold. Ahghai-

ron [952, 1032] builds his tower out beyond the citys walls and places magical

barriers around the ruins of Halasters tower, preventing many dangers from

escaping into the city.

1018 DR Year of the Dracorage

Rage of Dragons: A Rage of Dragons devastates the Heartlands, the lands

around the Shining Sea, and the western and southern coasts of the Inner

Sea.

 The deity Gargauth [1001, 1374] is freed by Tuelhalva Drakewings of the

Cult of the Dragon [1001, 1222] and assists him in conquering the realm of

Peleveran,  south  of  Chessenta.  When  Tuelhalva  subsequently  breaks  from

the Cult of the Dragon in Sembia, Algashon musters the dracoliches of the

Cult, and in their destruction of this realm, both Tuelhalva and Algashon

are slain.

 Uruth Ukrypt suffers greatly in battle against the green dragon Claugiyl-

iamatar [1303] and the black dragon Shammagar as both wyrms plunder the

orcs amassed wealth and destroy their food sources.

 The dragon-in-disguise King Tchazzar [953, 1373] of Chessenta disappears

while  fighting  the  sahuagin  of  the  Alamber  Sea.  His  people  believe  him

ascended to godhood, since his body is not found.

 The  dragon  Sapphiraktar  the  Blue  comes  from  the  Calim  Desert  and

destroys Calimport and Keltar, bringing an end to the Seventh Age of Calim-

shan. Beginning of the Eighth Age of Calimshan.

 The  Cult  of  the  Dragon  [1001,  1222]  is  blamed  for  dragon  assaults  on

Zhentil Keep, and the Zhents begin to first recognize this organization as

an enemy.

 House Extaminos, whose bloodline has become fully and completely yuan-

ti, begins openly ruling Hlondeth with little opposition.

1021 DR Year of the Howling Axe

Thay strikes against the Harpers [992, 1022], and in response the Harpers

go underground.

 The  pirate  captain  Asavir  of  the  Nelanther  captures  the  goods  of  an

entire seasons trade from twelve Amnian merchant houses heading south to

Calimshan aboard over 100 cargo ships.

1022 DR Year of the Wandering Wyvern

Refounding of the Harpers. [1021, 1065]

1023 DR Year of the Pirates Trove

Grand Prince Galnorn of Illusk [957, 1064] fails to conquer Mirabar [812,

1276].

 King Selkarin of Estagund attempts to invade Dambrath and is slain. With

the kingdom in shambles, his brother Hedgita ascends the throne.

1024 DR Year of Lathanders Light

Uruth Ukrypt unleashes the Broken Bone orc horde, which emerges from the

Sword Mountains bent on destroying Waterdeep. The attacks of the dragon

Lhammaruntosz, also known as the Claws of the Coast, substantially weaken

the horde, allowing the armies of Waterdeep to prevail.

1026 DR Year of Crimson Magics

Laroun  [1026],  War  Lord  of  Waterdeep,  dies  when  orcs  besiege  the  city.

After the siege is broken, her successor Raurlor destroys the Black Claw orc

horde at Stump Bog, shattering the strength of Uruth Ukrypt and sending

it into its final decline.

 Jeradeem Seltarir, a member of the High Council of Durpar, negotiates the

purchase of the throne of Estagund from financially strapped King Hedgita

and places his oldest son Numambi on the throne as rajah.

 The mage Ulcaster, a conjurer of note, establishes a school of conjuration

on the ruins of Hilathers  [168, 1106] tower that attracts would-be mages

from up and down the Sword Coast.

1027 DR Year of the Tempest

Rajah Numambi Seltarir of Estagund establishes the Maquar as both an elite

military body and a public works force to aid in getting the economy moving

again. He also renames the capital Chavyondat, after his first daughter.

1030 DR Year of Warlords

Aencar [1038] becomes warlord of Battledale.

 Raurlor begins to increase Waterdeeps standing army and navy to a size

not seen since the fall of Phalorm. Over the next two years, he turns the

city  into  a  garrison  and  military  encampment,  brooking  no  dissent  from

the populace.

 The Zulkirs [1074] are established as rulers of Thay.

115

THE PRESENT AGE

1032 DR Year of the Nightmaidens

Raurlor proclaims the Empire of the North, but Ahghairon defies him, trans-

forming his Warlords Blade into a viper that poisons its wielder. Raurlor dies

at the mages feet, and Ahghairon becomes the first Lord of Waterdeep.

Ahghairon [1007, 1071] determines that henceforth wisdom and not armed

might will rule in the city, and the Lords of Waterdeep are formed.

1033 DR Year of the Dreamforging

The half-elves of the Yuirwood take up arms to resist the humans of Velprin.

Border clashes grow bitter.

1035 DR Year of Falling Stars

Filina, the queens daughter, slays Cathyr in her sleep and assumes the throne

of Dambrath.

 The system of wards comes into being in Waterdeep, initially including

Castle Ward, Trades Ward, Temple (later Southern) Ward, and Dock Ward.

1038 DR Year of Spreading Spring

The  Great  Glacier  retreats  from  the  lands  of  Damara,  Vaasa,  and  upper

Narfell. Many folk from Impiltur and Thesk migrate north to the newly

uncovered lands.

1018: Fall of Pelevaran

The following is a partial transcription of a series of magic mouth recordings triggered amid the ruins of Pelevaran, in the

shattered rubble of a watchtower built into the Landrise. The recording was made in the Year of the Dracorage (1018 DR).

. . . hope that you have a quill and parchment handy to record

the last words of Telmut Delegar, First Skymage of Dusktower

and father of three. By the Hand of Azuth, I do swear that

the following is my last will and testament.

I  lie  here  today,  pinned  beneath  the  wreckage  of  this

shattered spire. Upon it lies the broken hulk of a great black

wyrm whose name I shall never know. Above my head, devils

and dragons rage and spit their noxious streams of acid, fire,

and frost, destroying what is left of fair Pelevaran. Since my

family and friends are all dead and my worldly treasures have

been reduced to ash, I can bequeath only their memories to

the embrace of Mystras Weave.

To my dead son Telmar, I leave my familys shat-

tered lineage, now broken

forevermore by

the fury of dragons enraged. To my dead daughter Belalara,

I leave her mothers eternal beauty, ruined by the destruction

that the Followers of the Scaly Way have brought upon our

land. To my dead son Ithlican, I leave his parents hopes

and dreams, all of which have been betrayed by the sibilant

voice from the Pit.

As a young man, I eagerly explored the ruins of lost lands

seeking handfuls of coins and jewels, as well as lost magical

lore. Someday far in the future, young adventurers will tread

upon our bones and pick through our ashes, in hopes of find-

ing some lost treasure. Must so many innocents die to create

ruins for callow youths to explore? Might I have. . . .

 ELB

I

l

l

u

s

t

r

a

t

i

o

n

b

y

J

m

P

a

v

e

l

e

c

i

Fall of Pelevaran

116

THE PRESENT AGE

 Aencar  [1030,  1044]  begins  to  unify  the  Dalelands,  taking  the  title  of

Mantled King.

 Arabel rebels and secedes from the kingdom of Cormyr, led by the disloyal

Goldfeather [1050] noble family. Crown Prince Azoun begins a campaign to

reconquer Arabel and leads the armies of Cormyr against the many mercenary

bands hired by the rebels.

1040 DR Year of the Lions Heart

Cathakay, Filinas daughter, bribes her mothers newest paramour to murder

the queen, then takes her place on the throne of Dambrath.

1059 DR Year of the Broken Pillar

Indrilas army destroys a hastily mustered militia of half-elves and drives the

Yuir deep into the forest. Brindor Olssyne [1065], the war leader of the Yuir,

retreats and begins to build up his own forces.

1060 DR Year of Fantastic Spectacle

The Last Emperor of the La Dynasty in Shou Lung takes ill, but refuses to

name an heir to the throne, fearing that he might meet an untimely end if he

did. The southern lords in Tu Lung begin mobilizing their armies, and those

southern garrisons that have remained loyal to the Shou are overthrown.

1042 DR Year of the Reaching Beacon

Longsaddle  is  founded  in  the  North  by  the  fiercely  independent  Shardra

Harpell, an escaped Calishite slave turned mage.

1043 DR Year of the Dark Rider

Second Coin War: The second MulhorandiDurpari Coin War erupts over tax

rates. Wererats of Vaelan [245, 1046] attack several military caravans from

both sides during the fighting.

1044 DR Year of Singing Shards

Aencar the Mantled King [1038] dies. The Dalelands is split up into indepen-

dent, though allied, communities.

 Two of the concubines of the thirteenth Emperor Chin of the La Dynasty

give birth within hours of each other. Otherwise childless and without heir,

factions  begin  gathering  over  the  succession.  Southern  courtiers  ally  with

the infant Shin Gisen, while the bureaucracy and army support the twin

Shin Lu.

1046 DR Year of the Twilight Campaign

An Illuskan garrison is sent to the Ice Lakes to rid the area of kobolds but

is forced to retreat.

 Mulhorand  attacks  Vaelan  to  destroy  the  wererat  presence  there.  The

city  is  reduced  to  rubble,  but  the  werecreatures  remain  in  force,  mostly

underground.

1048 DR Year of the Chevalier

Saed, formerly a member of the Council of Turelve in Durpar, is transformed

into a vampire and flees to the destroyed city of Vaelan [1046, 1049], where

he begins to assume control.

1049 DR Year of Aurils Absence

The beast-chieftains of Veldorn are united under Saed, the vampire lord of

Vaelan [1048, 1369].

1050 DR Year of the Keening Gale

King Azoun II of Cormyr retakes the city of Arabel. The Goldfeathers [1038,

1216] are stripped of their rank and lands by the crown, and the few surviving

family members are exiled.

 High Mage Threskaal passes away after a long reign as ruler of Silverymoon

[990, 1104]. He is succeeded by Orjalun, Keeper of the Vault of Sages.

1051 DR Year of the Dogged Search

The shaman Tecco wanders the Sands of Itzcala in Maztica for a year before

coming upon a cave in the heights of the Axapoztlan Range. There he is

granted a visitation by the god Zaltec, who instructs him to lead the Nahuat

people south and claim the lands for their own. [1099]

1056 DR Year of the Laughing Dead

The lich Anthilar [285] of ruined Unticzer appears in Tashluta and unmasks

the leading oligarch as a yuan-ti abomination in disguise. In the tumult the

lich  is  incapacitated  and  imprisoned  in  a  massively  armored  metal  lichs

coffin. Anthilars body is subsequently shipped north for study by the senior

priests of the Skullspire in Tulmon.

1058 DR Year of the Spiders Daughter

Indrila Demaz becomes Queen of Velprin. Under the influence of her high

council, she marshals an army to invade the Yuirwood.

1062 DR Year of the Shattered Lance

The seventh and last Emperor Chin of the La Dynasty dies without recogniz-

ing either son as heir. The provincial army and bureaucracy favor Shin Lu,

while the southern nobles and courtiers back the more malleable Shin Gisen.

War breaks out, and the La castle and the new imperial capital are burned.

1063 DR Year of the Deluded Tyrant

King Tarngardt VII of Gracklstugh orders the citys derro slaves freed and

grants them all the rights and privileges of the citys duergar inhabitants.

The derro form the Council of Savants. [972]

 Ilyykur [673], one of the Four Founders of the Covenant [976, 1081], is

slain in a great spellbattle with the archlich Ruelve, a senior Covenant member

who has gone insane. The battle takes place on a cluster of islands known as

Thulnaths Eyes southwest of Ruathym.

1064 DR Year of the Stranger

The wizard Melaeth Ashstaff of Neverwinter slays a doppelganger posing

as Grand Prince Galnorn, the age-old ruler of Illusk [1023, 1244]. Corigan

Aveldon of the fallen realm of Stornanter becomes Lord of Illusk.

1065 DR Year of the Watching Wood

Harpers in the North find the lair of the dracolich Alglaudyx and manage to

destroy the undead creature, seizing its rich hoard for Harper coffers. With

this newfound wealth, the Harpers [1022, 1116] invest in valuable properties

and businesses in cities up and down the Sword Coast.

 Battle of Ingdals Arm: The Yuir defeat Indrilas army to the last soldier.

The half-elves dictate peace to the surviving settlements of Velprin, forging

the new nation of Aglarond. The half-elf Brindor Olssyne [1059, 1128] is

elected Aglaronds first king.

 The Battle of Crimson Wheat: Shin Gisens forces are destroyed, but the

victorious Shin Lus forces are too weak to pursue. Shin Lu returns to the

old capital with the Emblems of Imperial Authority and becomes the first

Emperor Chin of the Kuo (Nation) Dynasty. His first directive is to offer

to supporters of Shin Gisen the Choice of Blades: Die or flee to the south to

the strongholds held by Shin Gisens nobles.

1066 DR Year of the Lords Dilemma

Shin Gisen is made the first emperor of the Lui Dynasty, officially form-

ing  the  nation  of  Tu  Lung.  Shou  Lung  forces  invade  Tu  Lung  but  are

repulsed. Shou Lung calls these invasions over the next two hundred years

the Uncountable Wars, but Tu Lung refers to them as the Major Incursions

of the Northern Barbarians in their texts. The writings out of the Tu Lung

provinces from this point on refer to Shou Lung as a corrupt empire on the

verge of internal collapse. The powerful families in Tu Lung, backing the

new emperor, are the Tan, Ho, Wai, and Yang families. They extend their

power over the next forty years.

1067 DR Year of the Minotaur Paladin

In order to repel the Shou invaders, Emperor Lui in Tu Lung appeals to

the secret societies, declaring an amnesty for those organizations that had

been previously banned by the Shou, provided they send troops to help in the

First Incursion. The combined force, called The Might of the South, routes

the northerners at the Battle of Feng Wa Crossing and the Stand of Ninto.

The Black Leopard Cult [803, 1357], while neither the largest nor the most

popular force on the field, is well represented.

117

THE PRESENT AGE

1071 DR Year of Lions Roars

Noted adventurer Ranressa Shiard returns to the slopes of Mount Waterdeep

on dragonback, astride a copper wyrm named Galadaeros, prompting Ahghai-

ron [1032, 1246] to create wards deterring dragons from raiding the city.

1074 DR Year of the Tightening Fist

The Zulkirs [1030] crush the last opposition to their rule over Thay.

1076 DR Year of the De ant Salute

Waterdeep is attacked by the Tethyrian Black Boar tribe of the Dessarin, led

by Nalethra of the Winged Spear. After being repelled from the citys walls,

the princess and her bodyguard slay thrice their number of Waterdhavian

fighters before they fall.

1081 DR Year of the Disastrous Bauble

Another one of the Four Founders of the Covenant [1063, 1101] dies when

the Red Wizards [976, 1101] of Thay kill Aganazzar [673] in their assault on

the School of Wizardry in Neverwinter. By years end, the two groups are

engaged in a titanic wizardwar.

1082 DR Year of the Prancing Korred

The fortress of Emmech [1365] is built at the mouth of the Umber River in

Thay on the borders of Aglarond.

1085 DR Year of the Vacant Plain

Building of the Watchwall [1369] in Aglarond by the galeb duhr of Tannath

and Undergoth.

1086 DR Year of the Seers Fires

Thay captures Nethjet and Nethentir in Thesk, extending the tharch (prov-

ince) of Lapendrar.

1090 DR Year of Slaughter

Followers of Malar mount the Great Hunt.

 Battle of the Bones: A horde of 200,000 goblins and orcs arises from the

High Moors due to extreme drought and attempts an invasion of the North.

The  Battle  of  the  Bones  marks  the  spot  of  the  great  battle  that  destroys

the horde.

1094 DR Year of the Crested Thrush

Cathakay  engages  a  gold  wyrm  in  battle  above  the  Hills  of  Dead  Kings,

and the two slay one another. The queens niece Melinith takes the crown

of Dambrath.

1095 DR Year of the Dawndance

War-Captain  Imphras  Heltharn  of  Lyrabar  unites  the  city-states  of  the

Easting Reach and leads them to victory over a hobgoblin horde from the

Giantspire Mountains.

1097 DR Year of the Gleaming Crown

Imphras  the  Great  is  crowned  king  of  refounded  Impiltur  and  establishes

the Heltharn Dynasty.

1098 DR Year of the Rose

A Thayan invasion of Mulhorand fails at Sultim.

1099 DR Year of the Restless

New trade routes forged by merchants of the Shining South. First modern

contact with Zakhara.

 The War of the Broken Chains: The grimlock thralls of Suruptik utterly

destroy their mind flayer masters. In an impressive display of scorched-earth

1090: Battle of the Bones

The following letter was written by Lord Avaril Huntsilver to his family in Suzail.

Dear Mother and Father,

I fear that this missive may be my last for a

while. In the morning, we march from Hills

Edge to meet the gathering horde. I aim to

make you proud, but we face a vast horde

of  goblinoid  scum  who  will  put  many

good men in their graves before Myrkuls

appointed rounds.

Our  small  company  fights  alongside

many of Cormyrs finest troops, including

a legion of Purple Dragon Knights sent

by  King  Proster.  And  yet,  the  Forest

Kingdoms contribution is dwarfed by the

armies from the Caravan Cities along the

River Chionthar.

I  do  have  one  disturbing  report  to  make.

Like any assembling army, ours has attracted

a  host  of  camp  followers,  including  fetching

ladies willing to pass a night in a soldiers com-

pany for a few coins. Q uite a few of my men

have succumbed to the lure of such sirens. Some

have not returned at all; others have appeared

the  following  morn  lighter  in  the  purse  and

nursing regrets. The most troublesome reports

suggest  that  these  women  exert  an  almost

hypnotic charm when they dance, and more than one

soldier has spoken of a companions scaled forearms,

forked tongue, or unusual flexibility.

These  reports  bring  to  mind  your  warn-

ings about serpentine assassins that have been

plaguing the nobility of our western neighbors

in the Chionthar and Winding Water river

valleys. I fear that the serpentfolk of Najara

are  now  targeting  young  nobles  who  seek  to

prove themselves in the days to come. If my

suspicions are correct, they could decimate an

entire generation of nobles under cover of the

epic conflict that will soon unfold.

I suggest that Cormyr move aggressively to

counter this burgeoning threat. If we fail to act,

I fear that the minor kingdoms north and west

of the Stormhorns could fall away in as little

as a generation. Such losses would reduce

trade  throughout  the  region  and  leave

our western flank dangerously exposed to

the dark threats that simmer unseen in the

badlands unclaimed by any realm.

Camp Follower at Hills Edge

before the Battle of the Bones

Yours in dutiful service, Aviril

 ELB

118

I

l

l

u

s

t

r

a

t

i

o

n

b

y

D

e

n

n

i

s

C

r

a

b

a

p

p

l

e

M

c

C

l

a

i

n

THE PRESENT AGE

barbarism, they eat every illithid and burn everything that would burn. Sur-

vivors build the community of Reeshov in its place.

 Hulburg  [940,  1306],  a  Moonsea  city,  is  sacked  by  an  unexpected  giant

attack.

 Teccos grandson Cattl, who now heads the Nahuat tribe, leads his people

into the Valley of Nexal where they align themselves with the neighboring

city of Tezat. [1051, 1121]

1100 DR Year of the Bloodrose

The moon elves of Loudwater and the surrounding environs withdraw to

Evereska to escape the increasing human presence.

1101 DR Year of the Maelstrom

The city of Treshla, north of Saelmur and the Lake of Steam, is destroyed

by a group of beholders from the nearby Thornwood.

 Presper  [673]  and  Grimwald  [673],  the  surviving  members  of  the  Four

Founders of the Covenant [1081], leave Faern through a series of portals,

drawing  as  many  Red  Wizards  [1081,  1110]  as  possible  after  them  into  a

series of magic traps and ambushes. The remaining Covenant members go

underground, and the arrogant Red Wizards believe they have shattered the

cabal of mages.

1102 DR Year of the Chaste

Combined forces from Durpar, Var, and Estagund drive the beholders out

of Vaelantar and Assur and send them fleeing west toward the Toadsquat

Mountains.

1103 DR Year of the Consuming Glory

The armies of Durpar, Var, and Estagund defeat the demons of Ormp and

scatter them northwest into the wasteland there. Humans begin to resettle

the vacated cities.

1116 DR Year of the Empty Scabbard

The Heralds of Faern [992] break from the Harpers [1065, 1182].

 The Dambrathan navy corners and defeats a large fleet of pirates off the

coast of Timarl. Thirteen ships filled with stolen goods go down in the waters

more than two hundred feet deep.

 Shin Rokan proposes to remove the power of the armies from the barons,

increase taxes to pay for the new forces, and demand of all an oath of loyalty

to the Lui Dynasty. He is assassinated by Wai Long Hwa, who proclaims

himself emperor. The Ho and Tan families form an alliance and secede, as

does the Yang Clan. This is the beginning of the Three Kingdoms period of

Tu Lung history. There are fewer Shou Lung incursions during this period

as the corrupt northerners send diplomatic missions to first one, then the

other, then the third kingdom, hoping to weaken all and eventually reabsorb

them into the Shou Empire.

1117 DR Year of the Twelverule

Chessenta begins to break up into squabbling city-states. The Wizards Reach

cities regain their independence.

1121 DR Year of the Shameful Plea

Ipana murders his father Cattl before leading an invasion on the allied city

of Tezat, where he sets the temple of Tezca aflame. Ipanas warriors return

to their island city with many slaves to sacrifice to their bloodthirsty god

Zaltec.  The  tribe  takes  the  name  Nexala  and  names  its  city  Nexal.  Ipana

takes leadership of the tribe, becoming the first Revered Counselor of the

Nexala. [1099]

1104 DR Year of the Dark Dawn

Citadel Felbarr [273, 1367] is attacked by an orc horde led by chieftain Obould,

who defeats the warriors of Silverymoon [1050, 1230] at the Battle of Many

Arrows.  The  fortress  falls  into  orc  hands  and  is  known  thereafter  as  the

Citadel of Many Arrows.

 Szass Tam [1157], future Zulkir of Thay, is born.

1122 DR Year of the Rose Pearls

Princess Ilmara of Impiltur founds the fortress-city of Ilmwatch to guard

against the return of the hobgoblins.

 Queen Sambral dies, and after grieving for her, Imphras I soon passes as

well. Their son and eldest child Imbrar takes the Crown of Narfell as the

ruler of Impiltur.

 Noted  explorer  Lord  Vanrak  Moonstar  returns  to  Waterdeep  from  a

disastrous expedition to the Black Jungles in Chult.

 Tethyamar [145, 1364] falls to a legion of orcs, bloodthirsty barghests,

and demons summoned by the circle magic of orc adepts and an archmage

claiming to be Great Hlundadim [268]. The surviving dwarves of the Iron

House flee into exile in the Storm Horns and Far Hills.

1105 DR Year of the Guardian

In Luiren, a great storm from the sea nearly destroys Beluir and causes wide-

spread damage to Chethel and Krenadir.

1106 DR Year of the Solemn Hal ing

Ulcasters school is destroyed in a spell-battle with Calishite mages who feared

the schools growing power. Ulcaster [1026] vanishes during the fray.

 In  order  to  strengthen  the  ties  between  the  emperor  and  the  barons,

Emperor Shin Gisen marries his eldest daughter, Shin Do, to the scion of the

Wai Clan, Wai Long Hwa. The festivities were scheduled for high summer

but were pushed back by the Fifteenth Incursion, so the wedding occurred in

the winteran unlucky time, according to court seers.

1108 DR Year of the Open Chest

Shin  Gisen  dies  in  a  hunting  accident.  His  son,  Shin  Rokan,  becomes  the

second  emperor  of  the  Lui  Dynasty  in  Tu  Lung.  Shin  Rokan  proves  to

be a less capable commander than his father, for while he blunts the Shou

attacks in the Sixteenth Incursion at the Battle of the Blood Plains, he loses

a significant portion of the northern territories in the process. The various

baronial clans rumble in dissent.

1110 DR Year of the Bloody Fields

Thay marches on Phsent, but the combined forces of Impiltur and the Theskian

cities defeat the army of the Red Wizards [1101, 1157].

1127 DR Year of the Luminar Procession

King  Imbrar  marches  into  the  mountains,  accompanied  by  his  Royal

Guardand  Imbrar  and  his  men  are  never  seen  again.  King  Imbrars

younger sister Ilmara takes the Crown of Narfell and begins her reign as

Impilturs queen.

1128 DR Year of the Peryton

Brindor Olssyne [1065] passes away. His son Althon becomes king of Aglar-

ond and rules long and well.

1134 DR Year of the Sylvan Wards

Shin Lu dies after seventy years on the throne in Shou Lung, and is given the

deific name of Ying (Eagle). Shins son becomes the second Emperor Chin.

1136 DR Year of the Shadowkin Return

House Jaezred [792, 1241] returns to Chaulssin and established the House of

Hidden Masters. The Jaezred Chaulssin, as they take to calling themselves

establish  secret  fosterages  in  seven  drow  cities  ruled  by  followers  of  the

Spider Queen.

1140 DR Year of the Knight

The second Emperor Chin of Shou Lung dies of old age and is given the

deific name of Tzu Wei (Hedgehog). His grandson takes the throne as the

third Emperor Chin.

1142 DR Year of the Swords Oath

Several pirates, including the notorious Redsail, scourge of the Sea of Fallen

Stars, retire to Aglarond, bringing with them much wealth. They carouse and

forcibly broaden local society, but also invest widely and covertly in local

merchant shipping, businesses, and property, shifting mercantile dominance

of Inner Sea trade away from southern coastal lands.

119

THE PRESENT AGE

 Rage of Wizards: After centuries of somnolence, the pureblood yuan-ti

arcane spellcasters of the Coiled Cabal attempt to take Sammaresh as the

first stage of a plan to reconquer the Cities of the Seabreeze. Two dozen Tash-

lutan and Lapaliiyan archmages engage the yuan-ti in a season-long orgy of

spellbattles along the Tashtan Coast. This so-called Rage of Wizards inflicted

wanton destruction on the cities of Lapaliiya [671, 1147] and the Tashalar.

 Distaste over the events of the Rage of Wizards elevates the respect with

which Lapaliiyans treat the clergy, leading to the rise of civic faiths.

1144 DR Year of the Giants Maul

The Halruaan archmage Ootheraum Deirin slays the ancient blue dragon

Thoklastees in an aerial battle over the Shining Sea east of Orlil.

1146 DR Year of the Tardy Guests

The necromancer Akhlaur [1372] opens a portal to the Elemental Plane of

Water, releasing magic-absorbing creatures known as larakens into the swamp

where his tower sits.

1104: The Fall of the Iron House

The Black Hammer of Adlon is on display at Twilight Hall in Berdusk. Its message rune still endures, allowing us to hear the

words of the last dwarf king to hold fallen Tethyamar.

The final assault on the Mines of Tethyamar

I

l

l

u

s

t

r

a

t

i

o

n

b

y

J

m

P

a

v

e

l

e

c

i

I am Arcrown Ghelarn of the Iron House of Tethyamar, and

I send salutations to Haraxlorl Isinghar Firebeard Darkfell

of  Iritasker  in  the  Far  Hills.  As  you  know,  my  lord,  this

hammer is a symbol of the oath your forefathers swore to

defend the bloodline of Maegar, as well as the kin and hold-

ings of his progeny. For more than a dozen winters we have

resisted the sargh filth that have laid siege to our halls, and

we have driven them away more times than I have taken an

orcs head in battle.

But although we have always prevailed against these foes

before, they now slaughter us like beardless striplings. The sargh

have allied with a sorcerer of dark power, and their shamans

have gathered into larim of fearsome might. From out of the

nether mists they have summoned fiends capable of turning

the tide of battle. In the last three moons alone, we have lost

Iraunlor Helmaer and six Axes of the West Shield, and my

sister-son Belgin fell in the battle for Blackrock Gate along

with an entire Hammer of the South Shield.

Old friend, I call on you now to rouse the axes of the Far

Hills, gather the clans, and march for the runegate at Dorns

Needle. My youngest son Ghellin and the North Shield will

join with you at Helgrinns Arch. March swiftlyour kuldars

grow weary and our need is dire.

 GK

120

THE PRESENT AGE

1147 DR Year of the Glad Tidings

A union of the ruling houses of Sheirtalar [656] and Lushpool leads to the

installation of Haliim, the first Overking of Lapaliiya [1142, 1260].

c. 1150 DR

Chondath regains power, lending its considerable mercenary power to foreign

conflicts, most noticeably the internal struggle in Chessenta.

1148 DR Year of the Angry Sea

The Three Kingdoms of Shou Lung are reunited. Wai Long Hwa is officially

recognized as the third emperor of the Lui Dynasty. The Ho and Tan fami-

lies are defeated in the war, though still powerful. The Yang family is given

autonomous control of its lands in a diplomatic settlement. The Maki Clan, a

group of upstart barons, gains power during this time by supporting Wai.

 The necromancer Shradin Mulophor [1184] takes up residence in the ruins

of Sargauth Enclave [339], establishing a small trading settlement that will

soon become known as Skullport [1166], Port of Shadows. The Lord of Bones,

as Shradin comes to be known, encourages trade with other Underdark powers

by  linking  the  River  Sargauth  with  subterranean  waterways  and  creating

portals leading to distant seas.

1150 DR Year of the Scourge

The mohrg Borran Klosk [1370], servant of the Stalker, marches his undead

armies against the cities of the Vilhon Reach. The druids of the Emerald

Enclave [717, 1370] and the dwarves of the Alaoreum [227, 1220] aid the Reach

in its time of need. At the Battle of Morningstar Hollows, druids cause the

Alaoreum River to rise, flooding invading armies. Although unable to destroy

Klosk, priests of Eldath imprison the mohrg beneath Alaghn.

 Ibun Rensha of Calimshan and a group of family members lead a force

of mercenary warriors and take control of Loudwater, laying claim to much

of Delimbiyr Vale.

 A great plague sweeps the Sword Coast, coupled with increased attacks by

troll and orc tribes. Worship of Talona and Loviatar soars.

1142: Redsails Retirement

The following text is taken from a contemporary account in Skorlorns Scandal, a handwritten broadsheet delivered daily to

more than a dozen taverns in Velprintalar by the anonymous local venom-quill scribe Skorlorn the Masked.



r

o

n

n

o

C

O

m

a

i

l

l

i

W

y

b

n

o

i

t

a

r

t

s

u

l

l

I

It seems that King Althon is not well pleased with his newest

subject. The notorious Redsail is arguably the greatest pirate

(or the darkest, depending on ones viewpoint) ever to infest

the seas at our gates. But now he claims to have retired from

all  that,  to  safe  dry  soil  at  last  here  in

fair Velprintalar. If this assertion is true,

Redsail will no longer imperil shipping

from our wharves, can freely spend and

invest the vast sums he has amassed, and

will  stand  within  easy  reach  of  royal

justice. Some say its better to have the

foe clasped smiling to ones bosom than

the enemy lurking unseen in the dark-

nessbut is it really?

Just how truly retired Redsail

isand intends to remainis

the  beating  heart  of  the

matter.  Pirates  take  what

they  want  by  force  and

guile. Can the mere act of

setting aside a ship change

habits of lawless larceny?

And can simply living on

dry  land  make  a  man  a

good neighbor?

One  must  assume  that  Redsail  is

armed  with  plenty  of  magic  that  he

has  seized  during  his  years  of  piracy,

and  the  murderous  ruffians  who  for

so  long  have  made  up  his  crew  are

much in evidence when hes out and

about. What happens if Redsail takes a

dislike to a nearby resident, or becomes

too  insistent  with  a  Velprin  woman

whod  rather  not  yield  up  her  charms

to him? Are we prepared to stop him?

Can we stop him?

These questions are not empty whimsyseveral witnesses

attest that Redsail tore the bodice right off a passing lady for a

Although he tossed her coins for

better  look.

a new garment afterward and

offered  an  apology  embroi-

dered with leering compliments,

he  hesitated  not  a  moment  to

commit this vile deedand no citi-

zen stood forth to defend his victim,

or even cried out for his arrest.

Moreover,  Redsail  seems  to  enjoy

watching brawls while he sips his wine.

Recently, he has been taking his wine

at establishments where he can pay

the serving lasses to fight each other

on  the  tables  instead  of  dancing

on them.

His appetites and habits aboard

his own ships were his own affair,

but now he pursues his pleasures in

our cabins and on our decks. Fur-

thermore, he encounters no oppo-

sition  and  seems  to  expect  none.

In  fact,  courtiers  have  been  seen

dining amicably with him, and men

thought to have been members of

his crew now wear bright new jerkins

at court, marking them as employees

of one office or another.

I wonder, is this most accomplished

of pirates fitting his swelling head

for a crown? Think well on this pos-

sibility, citizens, and decide whether

to continue keeping silence.

 EG

Few care to dispute

Redsail the Pirates claiming of the best

table in any establishment

121

THE PRESENT AGE

 Khelben Blackstaff Arunsun the Elder [875, 1179] arrives in Waterdeep

and builds Arunsun (later Blackstaff) Tower.

1152 DR Year of the Portentous Waters

Durpar makes its first attempt to reopen the trade route with Mulhorand

by sending an expeditionary force to clean out the monsters of Veldorn. The

attack fails as every monster power comes to the aid of the others.

1153 DR Year of the Remembering Stones

The Twenty-Ninth Incursion of the Shou Lung into Tu Lung. During this

conflict, the city of Balanzia is attacked and its walls breached for the sixth

time. After provoking an ancient curse, the inhabitants of the city go mad

and abandon the place.

1154 DR Year of the Sun Underground

ChChitl [1250] is founded by a cult of illithids that plan the settlement to

serve as an adjunct to Skullport.

 Siege of Cimbar by the lords of Akanax and Soorenar. The king of Ches-

senta is unable to get assistance from his allies and is forced to sign a pact

imposing harsh limits on his power. Akanax refuses to sign, recognizing its

lord as the true king.

1157 DR Year of the Wizened Mage

The Zulkir of Necromancy Nyressa Flass, known as the Vampire Zulkir,

is slain by a cabal of Red Wizard [1110, 1194] foes led by Szass Tam [1104,

1159], who is named her successor.

1158 DR Year of the Blood Tusk Charge

Wai Long dies in his sleep and is succeeded by his son, Wai Long Sun, the

fourth emperor in the Lui Dynasty of Tu Lung.

1159 DR Year of the Cloven Stones

Szass Tam [1157, 1159], Zulkir of Necromancy in Thay, becomes a lich after

an abortive invasion of Rashemen.

1161 DR Year of the Quiet Earth

In Chessenta, the Karanok Clan takes over as the Lords of Luthcheq under sus-

picious circumstances. Although all records of the events have been destroyed,

it is likely that assassination was involved, since no known descendants of the

old noble family survive today.

 Merith Strongbow, eldest of the Knights of Myth Drannor [1348], is born

in the woods of Cormanthor.

1183: Flight from the River of Swords

The following is a campfire tale about a phantasm that, so the story goes, mysteriously appears every decade among the ruins of

Sekras.

Come, wife, we must leave this place, said the bald man

wearily. It is no longer a home. He looked haggard, despite

the glistening muscles bulging under the skin of his bare chest.

He was wet with swamp water, and algae clung tenaciously to

his weather-worn skin.

But this is our home, growled his wife,

a  bestial  undertone  adding  depth  to  her

words.

Enough, wife, he hissed, snapping his jaws shut. Call the

children. Do what you must. We leave before the suns light

fully bathes our waters. We shall skirt the coast around Unther

and  Mount  Thulbane  and  make  for  the  Bay  of  Chessenta.

Bloody Teeth Sebestopis says we will find a place there.

The paladins of the hated Osiris are upon us, he continued,

emitting a deep grunt. They lay siege to our walls. I myself

have sent three of their number to their god for judgment.

They slay young and old alike, offering no quarter. So

we will flee through the bayous to the River of Swords,

where we can be safe. The paladins dont dare attack

us there. Sekras is lost.

I

l

l

u

s

t

r

a

t

i

o

n

b

y

M

i

c

h

a

e

l

P

h

i

l

l

i

p

p

i

The woman stood before the thatched

hut  and  emitted  several  short,  high-

pitched  calls  that  were  answered  in

moments  by  similar  sounds.  Soon

three red-eyed, crocodilian shapes

appeared and changed into human

children.  After  packing  their

belongings in waterproof bladders,

they and their parents

melted  into

crocodilian

form and slid

into  the  water  to

flee.

 TC

Despite slaying one of his paladin foes,

a werecrocodile fights a losing battle

at the River of Swords

122

THE PRESENT AGE

1179 DR Year of the Stalking Satyr

Malaugrym  [1182]  attack  Arunsun  Tower  but  are  turned  back  by  Khel-

ben  [1150,  1256],  Elminster  [851,  1222],  and  an  assortment  of  Waterdeep

mages.

1180 DR Year of Sinking Sails

Sembia  loses  its  fleet  in  the  Pirate  Isles  to  the  depredations  of  the  pirate

Immurk the Invincible [1164, 1201].

 The third Emperor Chin of Shou Lung dies and is given the deific name

Pao (Panther). He is succeeded by his wife, who rules as the fourth

Emperor Chin until his son comes of age two years later.

1162 DR Year of the Prancing Centaur

Queen Enchara of Esparin marries Cormyrs Crown Prince Palaghard. The

kingdom of Esparin is annexed into Cormyr.

 Members of the Skeletal Finger invade the lair of Iryklathagra [367, 1271]

in hopes of stealing some of her legendary hoard, but they succeed only in

awakening the blue wyrm from a long sleep.

1164 DR Year of Long Shadows

The pirate Immurk the Invincible [1180] raids a merchant ship of Procam-

pur, capturing the fabulous crown intended for use in crowning

Cormyrs new king, Palaghard I. This event marks the rise

of piracy in the Inner Sea. The nations of the Inner Sea

begin building their own warships, seeking to defend

their  merchant  fleets  and  hunt  the  pirates  in

their own lairs.

 Human  clearing  of  formerly  elf-held

forests  south  of  the  Moonsea  continues,

marked  by  the  founding  of  the  farming

community of Voonlar.

1166 DR Year of Countless

Scribes

The  Keepers  (a  group  of  wizards  led

by  the  Halruuan  archmage  Gideona)

arrive in Skullport [1148, 1174] and take

control of providing access to and from

the port.

1167 DR Year of the Parchment

Heretical

Queen Ilmara of Impiltur takes a husband

half her age, one Rilaun of Sarshel.

1169 DR Year of the Earth

Shaking

Imphras II is declared king of Impiltur

at birth,  and  his father Rilaun  takes up

arms to seize the throne. He is defeated,

and Ilmara rules as Queen-Regent.

 Jo He Ting, a potter of Chedoru, creates

a set of magic bowls for the imperial court

of Tu Lung. These eight bowls bestow clear

thought on those who eat from them, but

only for an hour after they are used.

t

t

o

c

s

e

r

P

e

v

e

t

S

y

b

n

o

i

t

a

r

t

s

u

l

l

I

1173 DR Year of the Fledglings

The bowls created by Jo He Ting provide no protection

from poison, and Emperor Wai Long Sun dies after

eating poisoned rice from one of them while seeking

an answer to the problem of what to do about ambi-

tious relatives. Wai Long Suns cousin, Wai Chu Doang, becomes the fifth

emperor of the Lui Dynasty in Tu Lung. He uses the oath of loyalty to

raise large, powerful armies, both to contain the baronial clans and to fight

Shou Lung. His heavy-handed military solutions to domestic problems earn

his reign the name The Law of Fists.

On the walls of Glarondar,

first night of Brokenheads

1174 DR Year of the Agate Hammer

Dambrath conducts a series of raids along the coast of the Great Sea, attacking

and plundering the coastal cities of Estagund, Durpar, and Veldorn.

 The Lords of Waterdeep construct the hoist, a massive system of blocks

and tackles capable of lifting and manipulating seagoing vessels into or out

of the locks leading to and from Skullport [1166, 1369].

1177 DR Year of the Majesty

Princess Delile Balindre renounces her loyalty to the throne of Impiltur and

declares Telflamm an independent city-state.

123

1182 DR Year of the Tomb

Beginning of the Harpstar Wars [1222] between

the malaugrym [1179, 1358] and the Harpers

[1116, 1222].

 The fourth Emperor Chin of Shou Lung

steps down and retires to a monastery. Upon

her death thirty years later, she is given the

deific name Yeh Ying (Nightingale). Her

son becomes the fifth Emperor Chin.

1183 DR Year of the Grisly

Ghosts

Paladins  of  Osiris  level  the  city  of

Sekras [425] for a second time and

clear  Sebeks  followers  from  the

River  of  Swords.  Werecrocodiles

relocate to the Adder River delta.

1184 DR Year of the Howl-

ing Hourglass

The blue dragon Anwir Dupretiskava

slays the Supreme Potentate of Var.

Disguised  as  a  human,  the  dragon

claims to be a distant cousin of the old ruler

and gains the throne.

 After an expedition into the Underhalls, Shra-

din Mulophor [1148, 1369] returns a changed man,

unstable and unpredictable. Although he retains the

mantle Lord of Bones, he no longer commands the

fear and respect he once did.

1185 DR Year of the Immoral Imp

Imphras II, upon reaching age sixteen, is crowned

king by Impilturan law.

1188 DR Year of the Soft Fogs

Cormyr and Sembia formally establish Thunder Gap as

the border between the two nations.

1189 DR Year of the Lynx

Althon the Old dies; his son Elthond becomes king of Aglarond.

1194 DR Year of the Bloody Wave

Battle of the Singing Sands: Aglarond repels the first invasion of the Red

Wizards  [1157,  1248]  of  Thay,  but  Elthond  perishes  in  the  fighting.  His

younger brother Philaspur becomes king of Aglarond.

1197 DR Year of the Sundered Shield

Battle of Brokenheads: King Philaspur of Aglarond dies repelling another

Thayan attack. His daughters Thara [1239] and Ulae [1245] share the throne

and become known as the Gray Sisters.

THE PRESENT AGE

1197: The Battle of Brokenheads

The  following  excerpt  is  taken  from  Tireless  Slaughter:  The  Military  Campaigns  of  Thay,  written  by  the  military  sage

Ambrouszas of Alaghn and published in 1202 DR.

For years, the nation of Thay has sought to conquer Aglarond

and the Wizards Reach in order to subsume that peninsula.

The  numerically  superior  Thayan  forces  have  attempted

invasion by four different land routes: via the River Umber,

through the Shyvar Pass, across the Umber Marshes and along

the southern edge of the Tannath Mountains, and across the

River Lapendrar to penetrate the Yuirwood. On a map, the

last route seems easiest to use and most difficult for defend-

ers to hold, but the Yuirwood has proven so deadly that only

fools now dare it.

The other routes are hemmed in by terrain and the battle-

magic of Aglarond to such an extent that superior numbers

can seldom be brought to bear against defenders. The most

vulnerable land flank of Aglarond has always been guarded

most  heavily,  with  the  only  entry  point  closed  off  by  the

Watchwall, which stretches from nigh-impassable mountains

in the south to the fortress city of Glarondar, hard by the

Yuirwood. Experienced Thayan commanders know that despite

the probable cost in Thayan lives, breaching these fortifica-

tions is their best chance for military successunless Thay

achieves decisive magical superiority, or manages a surprise

naval invasion around Altumbel from the south.

A  united,  mustered  Thay  with  all  zulkirs  fighting  in  a

unified, disciplined manner could easily overmatch the Gray

Sisters, making victory certain. Yet Thayan archwizards seem

unwilling to risk themselves in battle, and true cooperation

among them seems a ludicrous impossibility.

Lacking magical supremacy and a better invasion route,

many Thayan forces have slogged through the Umber Marshes

and hurled themselves against Glarondar and the Watchwall.

Some Thayan commanders even prefer such frontal assaults,

expressing  distaste  for  having  to  seek  out  foes,  as  opposed

to  smiting  and  smashing  all  who  dare  stand  against  us,

in  the  words  of  the  now-deceased  Tharchion  Ommenas  of

Tyraturos.

The Umber Marshes are not without perils, and the fortifi-

cations are formidable indeed, so any such assault costs many

lives.  The  four-day-long  conflict  now  known  as  the  Battle

of Brokenheads was no exception to this rule. It has become

fashionable in Thay to claim this particular engagement as a

great victory wherein valiant and outnumbered Thayan forces

seized  and  cleansed  much  former  Aglarondan  territory

(slaying King Philaspur of Aglarond in the bargain) through

brilliance of leadership and strength of swordarm.

Such accounts are sheer piffle. As one who fought at Bro-

kenheads, though of tender years at the time, I know better.

Read herein the truth of that engagement.

The weather was fair and had been dry for months, so

the marshes were not as great an obstacle as usual. Sucking

bogs, horrible insects, and clawing mud still abounded, but it

was easy enough to find ways around such perils. Fortunately

for  us,  the  shrinking  waters  had  forced  the  worst  swamp

monsters into contained areas.

The soldiers in the Thayan slave armies had shields, spears,

and daggers, but no armor and precious little training. Undis-

ciplined and largely untested in battle, they were trained only

to obey signals from the war horns for charging, stopping,

turning left or right, and retreating.

The slave armies arrived at the Watchwall in low spirits but

relatively unscathed, though most feared the foe less than a

return to the marshes. They had no preparations for breach-

ing or scaling fortifications, and their leaders had no tactical

plan beyond a brutish full-frontal assault, which the troops

would carry out at the appropriate signal from the war horns.

The soldiers knew nothing of Aglarond beyond wild tales of

flesh-eating,  forest-dwelling  harpies  and  the  wild  women

they  ruled,  who  were  rumored  to  maintain  vast  hoards  of

food. Their commanders took advantage of these tales, hinting

that a victorious army could feast for days and days upon

such a storehouse.

At last the horns sounded (forewarning the Aglarondans),

and the Thayans trudged forward in a huge mob. When the

Watchwall proved unyielding, impatient Thayan command-

ers signaled the troops to turn south along the wall, which

caused  the  northernmost  soldiers  to  turn  and  try  to  walk

through their fellows. Much trampling and confusion ensued,

and Thayan began fighting Thayan while the Aglarondans

peppered the milling invaders with rocks from their catapults

and  volley  after  volley  of  arrows.  Meanwhile,  rather  than

hurling spells at the Aglarondans, the lesser Thayan wizards

in attendance used their magic to force fleeing Thayan soldiers

back into the fray.

The slaughter continued as the Thayans slowly moved south

along the wall. The survivors hurled themselves vainly against

the fortress city of Glarondar until nightfall, when the horns

called them back from the walls to camp. Aglarondan catapult

volleys twice forced the encamped Thayans to retreat farther

east, until they were out of range. So ended the first day.

The next morning brought the first (and last) astute use

of magic by the Thayan wizards. They animated their battle-

dead and used them to form corpse-ramps against the walls

of  Glarondar,  raising  so  many  at  once  that  the  defenders

could  not  destroy  them  all.  The  Thayans  took  the  walls,

then rushed down into Glarondar to loot and destroy. Once

inside the city, they scattered to perish in vicious individual

swordfightsand yes, the King of Aglarond fell in one of

these battles.

The  Thayan  wizards  forced  their  soldiers  on  into  this

butchery until few were left, then fled in disarray when the

Aglarondans rode forth. The citys troops harried the fleeing

wizards for the next two days, slaying as many as they could.

At last, a handful of wizards returned to Thay to boast of

glorious victory.

 EG

124

THE PRESENT AGE

1201 DR Year of Embers

An invasion of Aglarond by a Thayan alliance of wizards is narrowly defeated.

The failure of this invasion sees Szass Tam [1159, 1222] slay the Zulkir of

Illusion, Nymor Thrul.

 The pirate lord Immurk the Invincible [1180] dies in battle against Sembian

warships at the helm of his ship, Sea Scorpion.

1202 DR Year of the Dragon Altar

The dracolich Chardansearavitriols physical form crumbles into dust from the

baleful influence of the god Myrkul. Followers of Myrkul travel to the Mere

of Dead Men to see this supposed miracle of their god, and the Ebondeath

Sect [1358] slowly forms.

1204 DR Year of Private Tears

Lasheela, wife of King Imphras II of Impultur, dies of a wasting disease.

Imphras II marries his longtime mistress Rebaera Osterhown within months of

his first wifes death. He soon begins to exhibit the first signs of madness.

 Urdogen the Red [1209] claims the Dragonisle and rule of the pirates of

the Inner Sea. Raids against ports and coastal towns begin.

1206 DR Year of the Sarune

The fifth Emperor Chin of Shou Lung distinguishes himself in battle against

the pirates of the Celestial Sea, sacking several havens of the pirates, includ-

ing the one located on Akari Island. Wa, also hurt by pirate raids, recognizes

Shou Lung claims to small islands in the Celestial Sea.

1208 DR Year of the Gamine

Crown Prince Talryn of Impiltur attempts to have his father declared unfit

to rule, but his brother Prince Lashilmbrar betrays the crown prince, forc-

ing Talryn into exile.

1209 DR Year of the Blazing Banners

Rebaera  Osterhown,  second  wife  of  King  Imphras  II,  dies  giving  birth  to

their fourth son Fylraun.

 Impiltur and Aglarond contribute warships to an allied fleet that defeats a

great pirate flotilla led by Urdogen the Red [1204] near the Dragonisle.

emperor is chased into the Thai Salt Flats and slain by Shou assassins. Wai

Chu Cor, the emperors only son, turns back the incursion but dies of wounds

suffered in the Battle of Steaming Horses before he can ascend the throne.

Wai Chu Doangs grandson, Wai Juku Ati, becomes the sixth emperor of

Tu Lung.

1220 DR

Turmish  begins  to  wage  war  against  the  dwarves  of  the  Alaoreum  [1150,

1241].

1221 DR Year of the Frozen Flower

The demons of Hellgate Keep [912, 1356] link the catacombs beneath Ascal-

horn [883] with the deep tunnels of Ammarindar.

1222 DR Year of the Horn

The Harpstar Wars [1182] end, and the surviving Harper veterans who return

to Faern find the organization under the sway of the self-styled Harper King,

the lich Thavverdasz, and also in conflict with the Cult of the Dragon [1018,

1225]. The final battles see the death of the Harper King at the hands of

Szass Tam [1201, 1359], Zulkir of Thay, who is in turn defeated by Elminster

[1179, 1350] of Shadowdale, bringing the Harpers [1182, 1236] into conflict

with Thay for the first time.

1225 DR Year of the Winged Worm

A Cult of the Dragon [1222, 1254] cell forms in the city of Elversult and

the nearby port town of Pros. This cell worked with Hethcypressarvil, better

known as Cypress the Black, a rare black dragon with psionic abilities. Although

he eventually becomes a dracolich, nominally under the control of the cell

leaders, Hethcypressarvil circumvents the controls used to manage a Sacred

One and comes to dominate the cell as its leader.

 King Imphras II of Impiltur dies, and the Crown of Narfell passes to

Crown Prince Lashilmbrar.

1227 DR Year of the Wall

Dhalmass [1216], the Warrior King of Cormyr, seizes the port city of Marsem-

ber. He and his queen Jhalass die under mysterious circumstances on their

return to Suzail; the Fire Knives are suspected.

1211 DR Year of the Crimson Crag

Dhalmass [1216] assumes the throne of Cormyr.

1229 DR Year of the Carrion Crow

Manshoon, future Lord of the Zhentarim, is born in Zhentil Keep.

1212 DR Year of the Blazing Banners

Crown Prince Talryn returns to Impiltur upon hearing the news of the death

of his father, Imphras II. The kings death, however, is a ruse engineered by

Prince Lashilmbrar, who succeeds Talryn as crown prince when his brother is

executed for treason and has Talryns name stricken from the royal records.

1230 DR Year of the Long Watch

High Mage Orjalun retires as ruler of Silverymoon [1104, 1232] and appoints

his apprentice Sepur as his successor. Orjalun mysteriously vanishes after his

confirmation of Sepur as High Mage while walking across the Silverymoon

Bridge.

1213 DR Year of the Nights Peace

After a series of mishaps results in numerous defeats at sea, Queen Melinith

of Dambrath recalls her navy and institutes a policy of isolationism for the

nation that continues today.

1215 DR Year of Starlight

Queen  Melinith  of  Dambrath  dies  of  old  age,  and  her  daughter  Ausitil

assumes the throne. This event marks the first peaceful succession in the

history of the nation.

 The  House  of  Wonder,  a  temple  dedicated  to  Mystra,  is  established  in

Waterdeep.

1216 DR Year of Green Wings

The last Goldfeather [1050] noble is executed for treason by King Dhalmass

[1211, 1227] of Cormyr.

1219 DR Year of Prideful Tales

The School of Wonder [1266], a mages academy, is built in the hills northwest

of Hillfort Ishla by the mages Myrdon and Salasker.

 In the Forty-First Incursion recorded by the historians of Tu Lung, Wai

Chu Doang leads his troops in the Battle of Tan. They are routed, and the

1232 DR Year of the Weeping Wives

The rulers of Archendale accuse the Dusk Lord of Sessrendale of evil sor-

cery. The two Dales fight, with casualties heavy on both sidesin part due

to powerful magic used by the Dusk Lord. Archendale was the victor, salting

the earth of its enemies and burning their homes. The widows and children

of Sessrendale disperse into Cormyr, and Sessrendale ceases to exist.

 High Mage Sepur of Silverymoon [1230, 1235] abandons the city, and his

departure sees over two dozen wizards slain while vying for his position. The

city populace elects a Silvermayor to rule and a Warlord to command the

citys military, respectively, by years end.

1233 DR Year of Many Monsters

In the hope of creating an ideal slave race, drow of House Mylyl travel from

Ched Nasad [689, 1372] to the lands beneath the Far Forest and begin a magi-

cal breeding program. Over time, their efforts culminate in the creation of

the chitines [1305].

1235 DR Year of the Black Horde

The largest orc horde in history masses in the North and besieges countless

settlements on its march south through Amn, Tethyr, and Calimshan.

125

THE PRESENT AGE

 Warlord Khallos Shieldsunder seizes control of Silverymoon while it is

besieged by the orcs of the Black Horde and has his rule usurped in turn by

the mage Shallos Ethenfrost. A Harper army led by Alustriel [875, 1357] and

Storm Silverhand [762] destroys the besieging orcs at the Battle of Tumbleskulls

with the unlooked-for aid of the archmage Tulrun of the Tent. Alustriel slays

the self-proclaimed High Mage Shallos Ethenfrost in spellbattle. Alustriel

is unanimously chosen by the people of Silverymoon [1232, 1361] to rule as

High Lady Mage.

 Spell-Prince Elthar, heir to the throne of Milvarn and husband to Queen

Ulae [1197, 1257] of Aglarond, is slain by unknown assassins.

1246 DR Year of Burning Steel

First recorded use of bombards by Lantan.

 Kerrigan, a wizard and hidden Lord of Waterdeep, attempts to seize power

for himself. He manages to fell three of his fellow Lords and a score of inno-

cents before being slain by Ahghairon [1071, 1256].

1236 DR Year of the Struck Gong

The Harper [1222, 1321] stronghold known as Moongleam Tower

is built near Everlund by Storm Silverhand [1235, 1355] and other

builders and artisans including the dwarf master stoneworker

Gwuildeth Throck.

1247 DR Year of the Purple Basilisk

The paladin Corwin Freas, leading a band of adventurers, defeats

the dragon Anaglathos. Corwin Freas [1248] is declared the new

Lord of Turmish.

1248 DR Year of the Cockatrice

Verovan, last king of Westgate [734, 1312], dies in a shipwreck

near The Neck after challenging the Red Wizards [1194, 1260]

of Thay to a boat race. Fed up with the excesses of the monarchy,

the noble merchant families of Westgate establish the new posi-

tion of Croamarkh, an elected head of state whose term of office

lasts four years. House Vhammos occupies the former royal palace

shortly thereafter and renames the

building Castle Vhammos.

1237 DR Year of the Grotto

Thesk and Aglarond form an alliance around

the marriage of Elthar Mindosel of Milvar-

une, eldest son of Jholnareer, and Queen

Thara [1197] of Aglarond.

1238 DR Year of the Lone

Candle

A lich named Ulpharaz rediscovers the

Underdark city of Pholzubbalt [1000].

1241 DR Year of the Lost

Lady

Using information acquired during the

Harpstar Wars [1222], Clan Malaug

attacks  Chaulssin  [1136,  1358]  and

kidnaps a pregnant concubine of the

Patron Grandfather.

 A well-respected Tethyrian noblewoman

is captured and slain by orcs. In her memory,

orcs  are  wiped  out  throughout  the  South  in

a  genocidal  slaughter.  Orcs  call  this  the  Year  of

Pushing Too Far.

 The  dwarves  of  the  Alaoreum  [1220]

bring the mountain down upon their

own city, Ironfang [1297], remov-

ing  themselves  from  the

conflict with Turmish.

1242 DR Year of the

Yellow Rose

The Monastery of the

Yellow Rose [1373] is founded

in Damara.

 Anaglathos, a venerable blue dragon, arrives

in Turmish and assumes control.

 Lord Freas [1247, 1254] dissolves

his own monarchy in Turmish and

establishes the Assembly of Stars, a

ruling council of free citizens.

 Guilds are formed in Waterdeep.

The  Lords  of  Waterdeep  recognize

the  merchant  gentry,  marking  the

formal beginnings of the Waterdhavian

nobility.

1249 DR Year of the Bold Knight

The  death  of  Jholnareer  brings  a  final

end to the realm of Milvarn, which has

existed in name only since the founding of

Thesk. The empty title of King of Milvarn

passes to Jholnareers second son Khalreer,

who rules in truth as one of the Oligarchs

of Thesk.

I

l

l

u

s

t

r

a

t

i

o

n

b

y

R

o

n

S

p

e

n

c

e

r

1250 DR Year of the Riven

Skull

A plot to enslave nearby Waterdeep

is derailed when a surprise attack by

githyanki leads to the mortal injury of

the elder brain of ChChitl [1154].

 The fifth Emperor Chin of Shou Lung dies in

a hunting accident. His grandson becomes the sixth

Emperor Chin. The deceased emperor is given the

deific name Yeh Tu (Hare), giving rise to speculation

that he was assassinated by a jealous relative.

Storm Silverhand completes her magical

guise for investigating Lantan

1244 DR Year of the De ant Keep

Prince  Elphras  of  Impiltur  raises  a  castle  near  the

Great Barrow; the castle is mysteriously abandoned soon thereafter, and he

is not heard of again.

 After a nine-year siege, Illusk [1064, 1301] finally falls to the orcs of the

Bloody Tusks tribe. The orcs reside in ruined Illusk, using it as a secure base

from which to raid nearby human settlements.

1253 DR Year of Beckoning Death

Plague  wracks  the  northern  Inner  Sea  coast  from  Cormyr  to  the  Great

Dale.

 The dracolich Daurgothoth, also called the Creeping Doom, claims the

abandoned subterranean city of Dolblunde [698] for his lair.

1245 DR Year of Pain

Worship of Loviatar gains great popularity. Most of the modern temples to

Loviatar in the North are founded.

1254 DR Year of Silent Steel

Corwin Freas [1247], former Lord of Turmish, is assassinated. Operatives of

the Cult of the Dragon [1225, 1279] are suspected.

 The Talonmist family of Westbridge first comes into conflict with the

Harpells of Longsaddle in the North when the arrogant Ordrar Talonmist

is slain in a spell duel by Darnthal Harpell.

1255 DR Year of the Raging Flame

Marune the Masked helps found the Shadow Thieves, a guild based in the

heart of Mount Waterdeep.

126

THE PRESENT AGE

 The famed adventurer Daeros Dragonspear seizes a fortune in gems from

a beholder lairing in the lost, subterranean city of Kanaglym, in the depths

of what was once Phalorms Duchy of Hunnabar, and decides to retire. The

bearded  half-dwarf  chooses  the  lair  of  the  copper  dragon  Halatathlaer  as

the  site  of  his  castle.  Dwarves  are  welcomed  at  Dragonspear  Castle  [557,

1290], and soon the outer ward fills with small stone cottages and delvings

beneath them.

1246: The First Bombards Thunder

The Harper seer Aumarra Kethtan was for years a secret of Twilight Hall. Deep in its inner rooms, she lay in a harness of

hides and leather straps that resembled a spiderweb, receiving spell-messages from distant Harpers and describing them aloud.

Those few who knew of her said that she whispered in her trances as eloquently as if she actually stood at the locations she

described. Aumarra lived for almost a century, and in the end she simply faded away, leaving her web empty. In her younger

years, however, she had traveled Faern like many a young Harper, eyes and mind alert, with a sword at her hip.

Early in 1246 DR, Aumarra attended the private meeting at which Elminster first revealed to Storm Silverhand that the

folk of Lantan were using bombards (huge battlefield cannons with neither wheels nor carriages). The following text is part

of her account of that meeting.

That, said Elminster gruffly, was no spell-blast.

He waved his hand again, and the sparks spun up once more

to form a bright scene that floated in the air before us. We

watched the events unfold as if we were gods regarding small

and puny mortals from on high.

As before, we beheld a green meadow with tiny folk clustered

around an object the size of a small cart. It resembled an open-

ended cask barrel fashioned from black and oily metal rather

than wooden staves, with hoop-rings as thick and mighty as

the bars of castle gates. Some timbers had been piled under

it to elevate its mouth.

Watching the movements of the tiny folk a second time,

I noticed certain details I had not seen the first time. Events

unfolded swiftlya wick or fuse at the lower end of the great

metal flask was lit, the Lantanna hastily scattered, and then

the  gun  rocked  and  emitted  a  flash,  scattering  the  wood

beneath it. Finally, a cloud of dust rose around the bombard

and smoke billowed from its maw in the wake of whatever

had streaked out of it.

Yes, I see, Storm said calmly. Castle keeps, city walls,

massed armiesenough of these devices, fired often enough,

could savage them all. Once again the wheel turns and every-

thing changes. So theyre calling these bombards?

Elminster nodded. This scene was but a test done in Lantan

against a point target, not a foe. But before the year is out,

these devices will be in use in Faern proper.

And every ruler will send mages to slaughter the Lantanna

bombard-makers and crewsor capture them, Storm agreed.

Do I slay them first?

Elminster shook his head. Mystra forbids it. I asked.

Storm smiled. Of course, she said, spreading her hands.

So I go there, see and learn all, and . . . ?

Defend the Lantanna against all those murderous captur-

ing mages, Elminster told her, returning the smile.

And how much should I . . . meddle?

He shrugged. Meddlings usually do more harm than good,

but your wits are as good as mine, lass. Take Aumarra here

with you.

Now that I had been named, I dared to speak. Neither of

us is Lantan. Wont we be noticed?

Elminsters smile deepened, and he waved at Storm.

I  turned  in  time  to  see  her  complete  the  last  flickering

gestures  of  a  complicated  and  unfamiliar  casting.  The  air

whirled  into  silver  sparks  that  hid  Storm  from  me  for  a

breath or two. When they faded, a striking but quite different

woman stood before me, mantled in green, with a scabbarded

sword at her hip.

Subtle, Elminster said sardonically. Very subtle.

Storm shrugged. This is what Orparra Lyraven looks like.

Orparra Lyraven? I asked.

Shes a telbront, said Storm by way of explanation. But

she must have seen by my expression that the word wasnt

explanation enough.

The telbront are entertainers, she continued. Most of

them are Lantanna, but some are adopted outlanders. They

dwell in Lantan and spend their time dancing, singing, car-

rying on colorful affairs, and arguing withor  romancing

important Lantanna.

And the Lantanna are going to let a beautiful, scantily

clad entertainer get near their new weapona secret that bids

fair to make them rich? I asked incredulously.

Storm sighed. Lantanna revere their telbront, she said.

They lust after them, bet on their doings, and avidly follow

their words and smallest deeds. Indeed, the Lantanna view the

telbront as dailyand nightlyentertainment.

And isnt the real Orparra Lyraven going to be just a

bit  infuriated  when  you  show  up  pretending  to  be  her?  I

persisted.

No, said Storm sweetly. The Lantanna dont know yet

that  certain  Harpers  have  jailed  Orparra  because  of  some

recent events hereabouts. Storm struck a pose that allowed the

green mantle to fall away, revealing much smoothly swelling

skin beneath. Ill not tell you what she tried to do, but you

can probably guess how she tried to do it.

Elminster rolled his eyes. I begin to discern hitherto unno-

ticed depths to the Lantanna. Just when I thought they were

merely madheaded inventors bent on turning life in Faern on

its head every season for the greater glory of Gond, I discover

an interesting fact.

Uh, I managed to ask, where do I come in?

Storms smile widened, and I decided I would like facing

the maw of a bombard rather better.

 EG

127

THE PRESENT AGE

1256 DR Year of the Dusty Throne

Ahghairon [1246] dies, and the Guildmasters begin seizing power in Waterdeep.

Khelben the Elder [1179, 1311] disappears from the city, though his tower

remains occupied by his apprentices. The Council of Guildmasters grows to

govern the city.

1257 DR Year of the Killing Wave

The Gray Sisters [1197] pass away within a few days of each other. Halacar,

the son of Ulae [1245], takes the throne of Aglarond.

1260 DR Year of the Broken Blade

Battle of Lapendrar: Halacar of Aglarond launches an invasion of Thay, advanc-

ing along the Lapendrar. The Red Wizards [1248, 1323] destroy his army.

 Lapaliiya  [1147,  1371]  attempts  to  invade  Halruaa  through  the  Talath

Pass and is repulsed.

1261 DR Year of Bright Dreams

Manshoon claims his seat on the Zhent council. He then founds the secret

organization of the Zhentarim.

 Halacar of Aglarond dies of poisoning. His sister Ilione, an accomplished

sorcerer, becomes queen.

 Wai Juku Ati dies when an evil spirit steals his soul. Shou Lung wu jen are

suspected, and Shou natives are persecuted, though later evidence indicates that

a rival family or cult in Tu Lung was responsible. The eldest son, Wai Chi

Con, dies in a sailing accident soon afterward, and the second son, the weaker

Wai Lo Yan, becomes the seventh emperor of Tu Lung. Wai Lo Yan is young

and sickly, taken to fevers and fits for most of his reign. Court politicians and

baronial clans prosper through intrigue during this period.

1262 DR Year of the Black Wind

Zalathorm [1263], the current wizard-king, ascends the throne of Halruaa.

 Second Guild War: Six years of self-interested squabbling among Waterdeeps

Guildmasters erupt into bloodshed. All but two of the citys Guildmasters

die in the next few months. The two surviving Guildmasters agree to rule

together as Lords Magister, although their continued bickering prevents any

effective governance of the city.

 The Shadow Thieves, previously a minor band of thieves openly tolerated as

a recognized guild, grow in strength and influence throughout Waterdeep.

1263 DR Year of the Tressym

Netyarch Zalathorm [1262, 1355] moves the capital of Halruaa from Halagard

to Halarahh for defensive purposes.

 The ambush of a hunting party by sahuagin devastates Eadraal as the

beloved merfolk Prince Aldem and Prince-Consort Kran die to protect Kosul,

the kings heir.

1271 Year of the Shattered Wall

The Ahlors Protectorate is ravaged by an attack from an unexpected quarter.

Iryklathagra  [1162,  1362],  exploring  a  saline  environment  wholly  unlike

that in which she was born by means of an iridescent ioun stone, plunders

the  trade  city  of  Otanyn.  In  addition  to  seizing  a  fortune  in  pearls,  she

makes off with Kayas the Krakenscourge and the corpse of the weapons

last triton wielder in her claws. The Krakenscourge [106] has since lain

unused in her hoard.

1273 DR Year of the Wagon

Joadath [1297] takes the reins as Lord of Shadowdale.

 The  Lords  Rule  revives  with  Baeron  and  Shilarn  Silmaeril,  two  long-

hidden Lords of Waterdeep, who slay the Lords Magister. Baeron becomes

Open Lord of Waterdeep. The houses of Zoar and Gildeggh are outcast, and

the Shadow Thieves are outlawed.

1275 DR Year of the Blade

Prince Salember is declared regent for his young nephew after the death of

his brother Azoun III, king of Cormyr.

 Queen Ausitil of Dambrath dies in her sleep. The country is without a

queen for thirteen days while Yenandra, the recognized heir to the throne,

is magically unreachable at sea. Upon her return, Yenandra [1356] slays two

cousins  who  are  also  active  contenders  for  the  throne  and  is  immediately

crowned queen.

 Zhentil Keep grants independence to Ylash. Though officially a free city,

it is still quite secure in the grip of the Zhents.

 The Eldreth Veluuthra [757, 1277] establishes a presence among the elves

of the Forest of Tethir.

1276 DR Year of the Crumbling Keep

Imphras  III,  elder  son  of  King  Lashilmbrar  and  Thelmara  Rorntarn,  is

born in Impiltur.

 The powers at Zhentil Keep meet with representatives of the other Moonsea

cities and suggest that a joint force man the Citadel of the Raven [18000,

1355]. The cities of Hillsfar, Phlan, Mulmaster, Voonlar, Melvaunt, Then-

tia, Sulasspryn, Ylash, and Zhentil Keep send forces to repair and occupy

the citadel. Some of these cities use criminals, prisoners, and malcontents to

make up their forces.

 Fzoul Chembryl [1368] steps forward in Zhentil Keep to take up the reins

of authority for the Dark Shrine of Bane.

 Duergar from Gracklstugh establish an outpost beneath Illusk to probe

the underground defenses of Mirabar [1023].

1264 DR Year of the Shattered Altar

The druid Voolad Espiral, with the help of dark trees and other monsters,

sacks Thruldar, an Estagundan community on the edge of the Lluirwood.

Marchwardens and local ghostwise halflings slay Voolad and contain his spirit

inside the ruins with magic.

 The tombs of King Strohm IV and King Samyte the Martyr in Tethyr

are desecrated. The Shield of Silvam, the Royal Masque Blades, and many

other items are stolen by unknown thieves.

1266 DR Year of the Leaping Frog

The School of Wonder [1219] is destroyed by tanarri and power-mad stu-

dents after four long-forgotten  Demonshields  [132] are recovered from an

ancient barrow in the Fields of the Dead and brought back to the School of

Wonder for study.

1267 DR Year of the Groaning Cart

A bountiful harvest year throughout Faern.

1269 DR Year of the Moat

The half-orc bandit lord Thaurog builds Thaurogs Keep [1294] on the site

of what is now Nesm.

 Waterdeep  expands  the  citys  borders  to  include  North  Ward  and  Sea

Ward.

1277 DR Year of the Beholder

King Errilam of Tethyr is killed in a hunting accidentthe work of assassins

of the Eldreth Veluuthra [1275]and many whisper that the elves are respon-

sible for his death. The king, who dies without issue, is succeeded by his first

nephew, King Alemander III, who begins persecuting the elves of Tethyr.

1279 DR Year of the Snarling Dragon

A Cult of the Dragon [1254, 1340] cell near Luskan destroys itself when the

dragons and dracolich involved with the cell do battle over treasure hoards.

 In response to the destruction he wreaks on Battledale, Tasseldale, and

Featherdale, the green dragon Dretchroyaster of Cormanthor is attacked and

grievously wounded by an adventuring band known as the Crossed Swords.

After being unable to find his hidden lair, they slay him outright.

1280 DR Year of the Manticore

Rilimbrar,  younger  son  of  King  Lashilmbrar  and  Thelmara  Rorntarn,  is

born in Impiltur.

128

THE PRESENT AGE

1262: War among Waterdeeps Guilds

The following selections are taken from the diary of Sorlyn Bellekho, apprentice roofer in the Carpenters, Roofers, and Plaster-

ers Guild, and house servant to Guildmaster Marlevo Windwinter. Now kept in the closed part of the library in Piergeirons

Palace, the diary was found after Bellekhos death in late summer. The apprentice was murdered in his room at the Windwinter

mansion, almost certainly by the Redcloak he mentions.

Another attack occurred just last night. The Harrendyn man-

sion burned to the ground, and all within either perished in

the flames or were downed by the arrows of the hireswords

ringing the house while trying to flee.

This  conflict  is  now  known  in  the  city  as  the  Guild

Warsand  no  wonder.  Guild  after  guild  has  been  openly

hiring bullyblades, and the wealthiest families are outspending

each other in a mad rush to build larger armies than their

rivals have. Deaths happen in alleys every day, and even in

the clubs nowTathryn Delloshar was killed two nights ago,

and Helver Landarkho the night before him. And all this

violence is for what? So that the winner can rule a city of

corpses? When will it end?

In these last few days, the Master has begun to scare me even

more than Blackjaws Barrak of the Cellarers or Muskull of

the Bowyers ever did. The Master ordered Tanther, Uldusk,

and me to build a new stone chimney on the back roofslope of

Windwinter  House,  between  the  main  hearthstack  and  the

new wings head chimney. Though its only a sham designed as

a hiding place for guild coins and gems, we built it well, and

it looks quite real. Tanthers dead alreadythe Master said

he was killed in a fight with rival guild prentices, but none

of the maids saw any such fray. Now I have to wonder how

long my own neck will feel the sun of fair Faern.

Then  theres  Redcloaka  fellow  with  eyes  like  two  cold

clams and a mouth as cruel as a sharks. The Master hired

him  to  slay  his  pet  foe,  Q orl  of  the  Dungsweepers.  After

completing  that  assignment,  Redcloak  dropped  out  of  sight,

and the real killings started. Old Reltaer in the stables says

Redcloak smells like a gangera doppelganger, that is, who

can shift its shape. If hes right, then its pretty clear whats

happenedRedcloak has slipped the Masters leash and is now

playing its own game, slaying and impersonating every wealthy

merchant it fancies. When its had all the coins, bedwarming,

and other niceties it wants, it moves on and simply lets the

rotting corpse be found.

Im trapped, here in my enspelled collar. It lets me walk a

certain distance from the Master, but no farther. Im nowhere

near a city gate, and I dont fancy drowning myself in the

harbor. So I wonder who will get me firstRedcloak or the

Master?

 EG

l

e

k

n

i

w

h

o

V

z

n

a

r

F

y

b

n

o

i

t

a

r

t

s

u

l

l

I

The Guild Wars come to Ravendarras Fine Tomes, Trades Ward

129

THE PRESENT AGE

 The  zulkirs  of  Thay  launch  an  invasion  of  Mulhorand  that  ravages

Murghm  and  the  northern  districts  of  that  land.  The  city  of  Sultim  is

nearly overrun.

1281 DR Year of the Cold Soul

Durpar  and  Estagund  make  a  second,  joint  attempt  to  clear  Veldorn  of

monsters. The march into Veldorn territory lasts only three days before the

Durpari are forced to turn back.

1282 DR Year of Many Mists

A  lich  calling  itself  Sammaster  [916,  1285]  appears  in  the  Desertsmouth

Mountains  [1368]  and  begins  gathering  humanoids,  undead,  and  dragons

into an army.

1285 DR Year of the Blacksnake

An adventuring group of paladins, the Company of Twelve, attack Sammas-

ters  stronghold.  Nine  are  killed,  but  the  lichs  physical  form  is  destroyed.

Survivors confirm that this creature indeed was Sammaster First-Speaker

[817, 1282, 1373].

1286 DR Year of the Rock

Salember, the Red Dragon King, refuses to abdicate the throne of Cormyr

to Crown Prince Rhigaerd II. The young prince gathers an army, the Purple

Dragons, under his standard to fight the Red army. During parlay, Salember

attacks the crown prince but is himself slain by Jorunhast. Thankful for his

life, King Rhigaerd II nonetheless exiles his High Mage for regicide.

1276: Rebuilding of the Citadel

The following excerpt is from One Bards History of the North, a chapbook written by Launcelara Longhair Aundle and

published in 1299 DR.

and  Voonlar  has  been  covertly  under  Zhent  control.  So

although  the  Captain  of  the  Citadel  hails  from  Hillsfar,

Zhentil Keep has dominated the fortress complex more and

more openly as the years have passed. Be warned when you

journey there.

 EG

I

l

l

u

s

t

r

a

t

i

o

n

b

y

W

a

y

n

e

R

e

y

n

o

l

d

s

Long abandoned to stone-shattering winter weather, lurking

monsters, and murderous human and half-orc raiding bands,

the ancient Citadel of the Raven was rebuilt in 1276 DR.

Its refounding was long overdue. The beast men (ogres)

and their orc hirelings had retaken Thar from failing human

hands and were raiding human steadings and travelers at will

everywhere  north  of  the  Moonsea.  Even  mining  caravans

under heavy guard werent safe because what the barbarians of

the Ride weakened, the brutes of Thar could

overcomeand  what  the  barbarians  sav-

aged, the forces of Thar could slaughter.

The rebuilding was undertaken jointly

by  Hillsfar,  Melvaunt,  Mul-

master,  Phlan,  Sulasspryn,

Thentia, Voonlar, Ylash,

and  Zhentil  Keep.  All

these realms sent armed

forces to purge the citadel

of  its  unwanted  inhab-

itants,  then  rebuild  it,

garrison it, and ride forth

from  it  to  keep  order  in

the Moonsea North.

The  cleansing  and

rebuilding process was not

easybeasts  as  fearsome

as  young  dragons  had

laired in the vast string of

linked fortresses. To make

matters worse, some signa-

tories of the Moonsea Pact

had sent their unwanted

malcontents, prisoners, and

street criminalsto serve as

rebuilders.

Ylash had been granted

independence  by  Zhentil

Keep mere months before

the  pact  was  negotiated,

The hard partreaching agreement among the rebuilders

130

THE PRESENT AGE

1287 DR Year of the Smoky Moon

The white marble Palace of Waterdeep, commonly known today as Piergeirons

Palace, is built.

1288 DR Year of the Roaring Horn

The  gray  dwarves  of  Underspires  wage  a  five-decade-long  war  with  their

surface kin.

 The human kingdom of Thar is established.

1281: Drowning in Monsters

The following excerpt is taken from The March into Monsters, written by the scribe Relldeveir Mraztar and published in

1281 DR.

The Durpari had long been reluctant to shed blood to win

soil  not  our  own,  that  we  cannot  hope  to  hold,  when  our

aims  and  strivings  lie  elsewhere,  as  the  wealthy  merchant

Arndeem  Karnlar  put  it.  But  so  dreadful  had  the  monster

raids become that the Durpari were finally convinced to rise

in red war again.

The  advisors  of  Estagund  had  been  urging  a  cleansing

march  into  Veldorn  for  some  seasons,  and  at  length  they

persuaded their rajah to write and then personally speak to the

High Council of Durpar. The rajah spoke eloquently about the

defeat and subsequent ousting of the eye tyrants from Assur and

Vaelantar in the Year of the Chaste Maiden, and the cleansing

of Ormp a season later, reminding the nawabs of these and

other great successes won by riding to war together.

More than one nawab was openly reluctant to spend time

and coin to wade into the endless monsters of Veldorn on

what seemed to be a hopeless task. How can one exterminate

what is teeming, swift-breeding, beyond counting, and beyond

the sword-strength of both our lands? asked the nawab Jaedra

Esparma, gesturing dramatically while her spell-stirred, ankle-

length hair whirled around her. Then she reminded her peers

of the Durpari failure to reopen the overland trade route in

the Year of Portentous Waters, when the beasts of Veldorn

overwhelmed us more than a score to one, and kept coming

when our swords were broken and our sword arms too weary

to swing them any longer.

The rajah politely reminded Esparma that the defeat she

spoke of was an expedition that Durpar had undertaken alone

to  cleanse  Veldorn.  Therefore,  he  pointed  out,  it  cannot

rightly be compared with the joint successes of our two fast-

friendly  lands,  which  are  far  stronger  together  than  when

each walks alone.

He then began to describe all that might be won by such a

joint venturethe cities that could stand tall and proud again

once the fell beasts infesting them were gone, and the farms

beyond measure that would stand betwixt them and our own

lands that we hold so dear. He spoke of security that both

peoples would enjoy when the deadly monster raids were no

more, and the wealth that tamed and farmed monsters could

bring as meat, as beasts of burden, and as suppliers of raw

materials for dyers and alchemists.

Much excited by his eloquence, the High Council of Durpar

voted to undertake a foray of war into Veldorn. The combined

forces of Estagund and Durpar would take one city, slaying

as many beasts as needed to do so, then meet to decide upon

their next actions.

The rajah departed, much pleased, and the army of Esta-

gund crossed the Liontongue three tendays later. West of Old

Vaelen, the warriors of Durpar joined them. The united forces

moved past the Wood of Dark Trees into Veldorn, vowing to

march far and fast, slaying every monster that dared to stand

against them.

Many beasts fled before them, or simply flew overhead and

glared until driven away by arrows. The warriors traveled a goodly

way, leaving dozens of monster corpses in their wake. Weary but

well satisfied, they made camp before sunset, building large fires

to keep the darktime beasts at bay. The night seemed alive with

calls and staring eyes, but the camp was not attacked.

Just after dawn, the warriors resumed their march, confident

that the fearsome tales of the dragons and worse dwelling in

Veldorn were much overblown, and that few monsters would

dare to come against them. Many wondered aloud why they

had not undertaken this easy butchery years before, claiming

the verdant grasslands for their grazing herds, and the small

dells where springs rose for farms.

By highsun, the warriors no longer gave tongue to such

musings. The monsters of Veldorn had come against them in

scores, then hundreds, then thousandswave upon wearing

wave of fangs, talons, barbed scales, poison, and acid spittle.

The beasts that had fled on the first day had clearly spread

the news of the armys intrusion, and the monsters that most

enjoyed battle had come to challenge the intruders.

The troops faced no dragons that day, nor did they encounter

any illithids, eye tyrants, wyverns, or spell-hurling creatures. Yet

long before dusk, the army halted to make a defensible camp

upon a hill where clear springs rose from the ground. Clearly,

Veldorn had no end of monsters, but the strength of the war-

riors of Durpar and Estagund would end all too soon.

The  armys  war  captains,  still  afire  with  the  dream  of

cleansing and claiming Veldorn, were loath to leave off the

advance, even in the face of such odds. At dawn, they ordered

their  warriors  on,  pointing  to  distant  hills  and  recalling

cities upon them that would surely be capturedand readily

defendedbefore nightfall.

So the army marched onward that third day, fighting for

every inch of ground. By dusk, the soldiers were barely out of

sight of their previous camp. They fought all that night for

their very lives, and with the dawn, they turned and fled for

home, harried and savaged all the way. The Durpari vowed

never to pit themselves against the beasts of Veldorn again,

no matter how sweet the rajahs tongue.

 EG

131

THE PRESENT AGE

Unfriendly meetings marked every moment of the march into Veldorn

 The  dark  naga  Ebarnaje

ascends  to  the  throne  of

Najara.

1296 DR Year of the

Black Hound

King Rilimbrar is restored to

the throne of Impiltur. Kuskur

never  returns  to  Impiltur,

choosing  instead  to  live  out

his  remaining  years  in  self-

imposed  exile  in  Velprinta-

lar. His grandson Imphras is

placed  under  house  arrest  in

the royal tower of Filur.

1297 DR Year of the

Singing Skull

Massacre on Watchers Knoll

of  Tyrists  by  Joadath  [1273,

1300].

 King Rilimbrar of Impiltur

marries Ilbritha Eirlthaun.

 The  noble  families  of

Ylash  begin  a  bitter  quarrel

among themselves for the lord-

ship of the city.

1290 DR Year of the Whelm

Dragonspear Castle [1255, 1305] succumbs to the depredations of a Calishite

mage named Ithtaerus Casalia. The wizard binds Daeross dragon companion

Halatathlaer in magical slumber, and then tricks Daeros into sacrificing his

life and activating a portal that leads to Avernus, first of the Nine Hells of

Baator. While Daeross followers battle an incursion of devils, Ithtaerus loots

the dragons hoard and then lures three young and ambitious dragons to the

castle by having them think that Halatathlaer and his hoard are vulnerable.

The dragons destroy Halatathlaer and much of Dragonspear Castle before

slaughtering each other. The only survivor, a black dragon named Sharndrel,

enraged at the deceit perpetrated against him, seeks out and slays Ithaerus.

He then flies away, leaving the castle a shattered ruin. It is eagerly raided by

goblinkin and trolls from the High Moor as well as other evil spellcasters and

brigands, until all the dwarf followers of Daeros are dead or gone.

 The famed warrior Elfrin builds and fortifies a small keep along the High

Road west of present-day Kheldell. He then proclaims himself ruler and king

of all lands within a days ride of his holding.

1293 DR Year of the Talking Skull

The sixth Emperor Chin of Shou Lung dies of old age and is given the deific

name Chuan (Dog) for his faithful service to the memories of his forbears.

His son becomes the seventh Emperor Chin.

1294 DR Year of the Deep Moon

In Impiltur, King Lashilmbrar, Queen Thelmara, and Crown Prince Imphras

III are assassinated. Prince Kuskur, elder son of Imphras II, is named regent

until King Rilimbrar comes of age. Prince Thaum, only child of Regent Kuskur

and Elthinda Balindre of Telflamm, was behind the assassinations.

 Throgh, son of Thaurog, is slain by human adventurers out of Waterdeep.

They in turn are attacked by wyverns, which thereafter claim Thaurogs Keep

[1269, 1307] for their lair.

1295 DR Year of the Ormserpent

Prince Thaum gathers a mercenary army and sacks the city of Sarshel. He

then marches on the Tower of Filur and seizes the throne of Impiltur. Regent

Kuskur and King Rilimbrar flee into exile. Kuskur requests aid from Queen

Ilione of Aglarond, who sends her mysterious apprentice, known only as the

Simbul [762, 1320], to dispatch Thaum. With Thaum dead, his son Imphras

(later Imphras IV) attempts to hold the throne.

 The  son  of  Malice  and

Zaknafein  DoUrden,  Drizzt  of  House  Daermon  NaShezbaeron,  is  born

in Menzoberranzan [3864, 1328]. Using the power of the birth of Drizzt

[1328],  his  mother  Malice  was  able  to  create  a  spell  capable  of  defeating

House Devir, and as a result House DoUrden became the Ninth House of

Menzoberranzan.

 The dwarf city of Ironfang [1241] emerges from its self-imposed exile.

1298 DR Year of the Pointed Bone

Lhestyn,  the  Masked  Lady,  infiltrates  the  outlawed  Shadow  Thieves  in

Waterdeep and exposes their continuing activities. This act precipitates a bloody

tenday of fighting between the guild and the City Watch that culminates in

the death or flight of the guilds members.

1299 DR Year of the Claw

Princess Sambryl [1336], eldest daughter of King Rilimbrar of Impiltur, is

born.

1300 DR Year of the Starfall

Joadath [1297] of Shadowdale dies. Aumry and Sylun  [841, 1356] become

Lord and Lady of Shadowdale.

1301 DR Year of the Trumpet

A mercenary army sponsored by merchant interests in Waterdeep and Nev-

erwinter rides against orc-ridden Illusk [1244, 1302].

 A cult of Tiamat becomes active in Unther.

1302 DR Year of the Broken Helm

Illusk is retaken and rebuilt with aid from Neverwinter, then renamed Luskan.

Duergar beneath Illusk [1301] retreat to the Underdark.

 Khelben Ravenscloak Arunsun the Younger [1321] is born to Lhestyn

and Zelphar Arunsun [1311] in Waterdeep.

In Waterdeep, the practice of exiling criminals to the depths of Under-

mountain begins.

 Two noted adventurers from Waterdeep, Durnan and Mirt the Merciless,

emerge from Undermountain bearing great wealth.

132

I

l

l

u

s

t

r

a

t

i

o

n

b

y

J

a

s

o

n

A

E

n

g

l

e

.

THE PRESENT AGE

1297: The Doom of Ylash

Before the chilly dawn of a day late in Uktar of 1297 DR, more than sixty identical copies of this note appeared as if by magic,

pinned with daggers to doors all over Ylash.

The Zhentarim are behind all this treacherythey and the blackhearts of Hillsfar. Be warned, my

fellow citizens! Be warned, as your proud nobles were not. Their folly, which I share, may also be your

doom. For the love of our fair city, be warned!

It was the Zhents and the Hillsfarians who set us against each other. Yet the greed and pride

of my kin and all the proudest families of our citythe Baranasques, the Ilouns, the Kromrors, the

Marqrests, and the Vaolorsbrought the killings to our streets in open strife to claim the Lordship

of Ylash. And what is that lofty position worth? What joy does it bring to rule a city divided against

itselfa cauldron of feuds and hatred, of ceaseless armed vigilance and scheminga city where corpses

lie rotting in the streets to feed rats and nightbirds because none dare venture out to bury them?

Know, my fellow citizens, these truths:

1. The arrogant fool who calls himself Lord Marqrest caused the crypt of his ancestors to be opened,

and the dead therein made undead and sent against my family. These foul creatures slew my father, my

mother, and all my brothers. Only I now remain alive because I fled Ylash for the wild forest, where I

have survived by gnawing and scrabbling at the trees.

2. The so-called Lord Kromror did not die of a chance fall from his balcony. He was torn apart by

the metal blades and claws of his own constructslurching creatures that he purchased from

outlander archwizards but never learned to control. The Kromrors now keep these striding slayers

locked up in their cellars and send them forth against noble foes whose untimely deaths they desire.

3. Lord Iloun dabbles in all manner of foul

sorceries. He has visited upon more than a

dozen noblesmyself includeda magical curse of

liquescence that betimes causes us to collapse into

watery helplessness. Once so affected, we can regain

solidity only through day-long, agonizing struggles.

4. Lord Baranasque keeps hidden a veritable menagerie

of chained and caged monsters, rivaled only by that of

Lord Vaolor. Baranasque unleashes these creatures

by night against foes of his own choosingor against random

citizens.

5. All these lords, and scions of many lesser families as

well, are hoarding magicboth hired spellcasters and

itemsto gird themselves for the long strife ahead.

Citizens, you must guard and defend our city, or Ylash will

be lost! Such deliverance comes too late for me. The last of

the Evarlaurs, I live now only to avenge.

Amauritorla Evarlaur

 EG

k

n

a

r

F

l

r

a

C

y

b

n

o

i

t

a

r

t

s

u

l

l

I

Amauritorla Evarlaur contemplates bitter revenge

133

THE PRESENT AGE

1303 DR Year of the Evening Sun

The Zhentilar force an army of ogres from Thar eastward, away from the

Citadel of the Raven. The ogres soon overrun the unprepared city of Phlan

[400, 1340], which leads to the fall of the human kingdom of Thar.

 The green dragon Claugiyliamatar [1018, 1305] establishes a lair in the

Deeping Cave in the depths of the Kryptgarden Forest.

1305 DR Year of the Creeping Fang

Allied hobgoblin tribes seize Dragonspear Castle [1290, 1315] and use it as a

base to raid the Trade Way and surrounding lands.

 The chitine slaves of Yathchol are emancipated from their drow masters.

[1233]

 Claugiyliamatar [1303] destroys the small realm of Elfrin after its king

and namesake dies of fever.

 Wai Lo Yan proves to be one of the most long-lived and competent emper-

ors of the Lui Dynasty in Tu Lung, lasting forty-four years before dying

from a particularly vicious fever. His only direct descendant is a daughter.

Under  tradition  dating  back  to  Shou  Lung,  the  daughter  would  be  made

emperor, but the Tu Lung nobles bristle at the thought. Instead, the daugh-

ter is made regent until Wai Gada Sinzu, Wai Lo Yans nephew (through a

younger sister), comes of age. The daughter was named Wai Yeh Ying, but

is remembered officially as only Wai Lo Yans Daughter in texts. Her reign

is called The Regency.

1306 DR Year of Thunder

Moonsea War: Hulburg [1110, 1347] and Sulasspryn are defeated by Mulmas-

ter [934, 1317]. Mulmaster is later vanquished by an alliance between Sembia,

Phlan, Hillsfar, Melvaunt, and Zhentil Keep.

 The Thunder Blessing: The great dwarf god Moradin bestows a new bless-

ing upon his people. Miraculously, the birth rate of the dwarf race begins

to soar. The new dwarf generation is commonly referred to as the thunder

children. Nearly one-fifth of dwarf births after the Thunder Blessing result

in identical or fraternal twins.

 Vangerdahast [1324] of Cormyr founds the War Wizards.

 Chansreena  (Princess)  Maerildarraine  of  Lapaliiya,  foster  daughter  of

High Suikh (King) Askulder, slays her father, who was known as the Hand

of Tiamat. After proclaiming herself queen, she orders her knights to set the

royal temple of the Dragon Queen afire.

 The Dragon Run: An invasion of dragons and their armies sweeps down

from  Thar  and  besieges  Phlan.  The  citys  Moonsea  allies,  still  recovering

from the Moonsea War, are unable to come to its aid. The citizens of Phlan

are quickly massacred, and the city is reduced to ruins.

1307 DR Year of the Mace

Azoun IV [1324] of Cormyr is born.

 The Moonsea city of Sulasspryn suddenly and inexplicably collapses on itself,

dropping into a large sinkhole. An entire city, and 7,500 people, are crushed in

less than ten minutes. Sulasspryn is promptly abandoned for all time.

 Algraetha the Enchantress slaughters the resident wyverns of Thaurogs

Keep [1294] and rebuilds the settlement, which becomes known as Nesm.

1308 DR Year of the Catacombs

Wai Gada Sinzu, the nephew, takes the throne as the eighth emperor of the

Lui Dynasty in Tu Lung. Wai Yeh Yin disappears soon after. Diplomatic

overtures with Shou Lung are made, stabilizing the border and ending the

major incursions (though armed forces of the Shou continue to invade, usu-

ally seeking criminals of the state who flee south to sanctuary). The Shou

consider these wars to be uncountable, but Tu Lung official histories identify

no fewer than seventy-four separate invasions (Shou Lung scholars dispute

these figures).

 Lord Baeron dies of fever, and his wife Shilarn immolates herself on his

funeral pyre. Their daughter Lhestyn, a Hidden Lord herself, becomes Open

Lord of Waterdeep. Construction begins on the Palace of Waterdeep.

1310 DR Year of Storms

A vast pirate fleet from the Nelanther Isles attacks and conquers Luskan.

The leaders of the pirate fleet (Taerl, Baram, Kurth, Suljack, and Rethnor)

declare themselves the new rulers of the city, each taking the title of High

Captain.

1311 DR Year of the Fist

Rezim becomes vizier of Mulhorand. He begins to persecute the church of

Anhur. Chessentan mercenaries replace Anhur worshipers as guards of the

city.

 The mage Arklem Greeth comes to Luskan and bypasses the ancient magic

wards that Laeral Silverhand [875, 1337] placed around the Host Tower  [806] . He

forms the Brotherhood of the Arcane with the aid of the Old Ones powerful

liches who were once members of the legendary Grand Cabal of Illusk. Arklem

names himself Archmage Arcane of the Brotherhood.

 Zelphar Arunsun [1302] is crushed to death by a sorcerous hand of force.

The perpetrator remains unknown to the Lords to this day (in truth, he was

murdered by a lich of the Twisted Rune [907, 1333] as a favor to the Shadow

Thieves). Khelben the Elder [1256, 1345] secretly returns to Arunsun Tower

after the death of his son. Over the next ten years, he trains his grandson

and namesake.

 The seventh Emperor Chin of Shou Lung dies mysteriously in his sleep. He

is given the deific name Hsiao (Owl). His son becomes the eighth Emperor

Chin of the Eighth Dynasty.

1312 DR Year of the Griffon

Darkhold is seized by the Black Network as Manshoon slays its lich-queen.

 The city of Teziir is refounded on the Dragonmere by the Mlaerae, mer-

chants from Westgate who disapprove of that citys wickedness, and see no way

to break the power of the Night Masks and corrupt cabals ruling Westgate

[1248, 1335]. The Mlaerae want a Dragonmere port under their control, and

Tazaiir Bay (the best natural harbor at the western end of the Sea of Fallen

Stars) is theirs for the taking, as earlier pirate ports on the site had been

sacked and burned repeatedly by various Inner Sea city navies. Tazaiir was

the name of those earlier cities, Teziir a more modern corruption. Tazaiir

is believed to have been a long-ago human female pirate leader.

 Thongameir Stormspells Halagoth of Halruaa acquires a young bronze

dragon as a mount and afterward is frequently seen flying to and from his

secluded mountainside keep, known as Narthtowers.

 Durnan, a hidden Lord of Waterdeep, founds the Red Sashes to serve as

his personal agents.

1313 DR Year of the Shattered Oak

Valraxaxath, a black dragon dwelling in the Great Swamp, rises and terrorizes

the countryside for four days and nights before vanishing again.

1314 DR Year of the Shadowtop

Lhestyn passes away, and Piergeiron Paladinson [1355] becomes Open Lord

of Waterdeep.

1315 DR Year of Spilled Blood

War of the Returned Regent: Nanathlor Greysword, a native of Nimbral,

becomes the Green Regent. He attempts to overthrow the rule of Pasuuk Rensha

and free Loudwater, thus beginning the War of the Returned Regent.

 Armies from Waterdeep and Baldurs Gate clear out Dragonspear Castle

[1305, 1354] and establish an armed temple of Tempus, the Hold of Battle

Lions.

1316 DR Year of the Gulagoar

Teshendale becomes part of the Zhent lands.

1317 DR to 1323 DR

The Plague of Dragons: A plague sweeps through the Vilhon Reach. It becomes

known as the Plague of Dragons in the area due to its visible effect of causing

the skin to flake and the madness brought onto its victims. The plague also

takes a huge toll in Chessenta and Unther (not ending there until 1324 DR).

134

t

u

n

d

u

H

d

i

v

a

D

y

b

n

o

i

t

a

r

t

s

u

l

l

I

THE PRESENT AGE

Mulhorand is largely unaffected. The Thayans withdraw from the Wizards

Reach to escape the disease.

1317 DR Year of the Wandering Wyrm

The first High Blade, Amdrauth Telsnaer, takes power in Mulmaster [1306,

1348], beginning a ruthless and efficient rule that would end with his death

in 1324 DR, when he was poisoned by several rivals. Thereafter, six High

Blades rule over a score of years, all dying violently. The last, Rualph Black-

buckler,  was  falsely  denounced,  challenged,  slain,  and  replaced  by  Selfaril

Uoumdolphin in 1348 DR.

 Nanathlor Greysword becomes ruler of Loudwater after defeating Pasuuk

Rensha and his followers at the battle of Tanglefork.

1319 DR Year of the Fallen Throne

The rule of kings in distant Sossal [991] ends in bloodshed with the death of its

last monarch, Thelessar, at the hands of his twin sons Norlith and Baldraeth.

They are banished from Sossal by the lands spiritual leader, the Great Druid

Ulthorkh, and rulership of the realm passes to the Circle of the Frozen Sun,

the druid conclave led by him.

1320 DR Year of the Watching Cold

As a result of the Thunder Blessing, the gold dwarves burgeoning population

forces them to seek out new caverns to claim and settle across the South,

upsetting the long-held status quo of the southern Underdark.

 Ilione, the last member of Aglaronds royal line, dies of plague. She leaves

no child but names her apprentice, the Simbul [1295, 1367], as her heir.

 Akonhorus II becomes Pharaoh of Mulhorand.

 Resurgence of the Cult of Set, as Seti [1350], an incarnation of the deity,

appears in Mulhorand.

 The indiscretions of the merfolk Prince Vhaemas lead to the illegitimate

birth of Vhaemas the Bastard, as he is called by his mother and her clan,

Kamaar of Thuridru.

1321 DR Year of Chains

King  Zaor  [652]  of  Evermeet  [857,  1344]  is  murdered  by  agents  of  Kymil

Nymesin [1361], a gold elf traitor to Evermeet.

1317: Great Plague of the Inner Sea

The following is the high guardians account of the Wandering Wyrm. This text is kept in the ecclesiastic archives of the Tower

of the Eye in Procampur.

For many a tenday, we have watched the wyrm wander west-

ward along the coast, toward our fair city in the misty waters

of the Eye. The cities of Impiltur are beset by plague, and a

quarantine has been declared

in neighboring Tsurlagol.

We  are  next,  I  fear,

and  the  thultyrl

The Wandering

Wyrm

135

has wisely activated the temple corps to help defend the city.

I hear that King Rilimbrar dispatched a legion of knights

mounted on pegasi to kill the wyrm, but before they could

even close with the beast, the skins of the attackers erupted

with maggots. More than half the knights returned to Lyrabar

as maggot-ridden undead horrors, stalking the citizenry they

had set out to defend. Reports from Aglarond suggest that an

entirely different plague has spread there since the wandering

wyrm visited those shores, and a third

scourge has been unleashed along the

northern coast of Chessenta.

Some  blame  the  Red  Wizards  of

Thay  for  these  disasters,  but  I  stand

with those who believe that the Mother

of All Plagues is feeling scorned anew.

Throughout the Inner Sea region,

new adherents are flocking to the

Church of Talona in the desper-

ate  hope  they  will  be  spared.

But the Mistress of Disease is

notoriously ill-tempered and

fickle, and she is unlikely to

protect those who join her

faith in desperation.

So today we watch and

wait,  in  the  desperate

hope that the wyrm

will bypass fair Pro-

campur  and  afflict

our neighbors instead.

Tomorrow we gird for battle, having

pledged  our  lives  in  defense  of  the

elderly,  the  infirm,  and  the  young

those most likely to succumb to Talonas

disease-ridden touch.

 ELB

THE PRESENT AGE

1325: Year of Great Plenty

The following is a coded letter written by Shamress Tarlunt, assistant undercook to Lord Silverbow of Silverbow Hold, to her

brother Teldam, of the wealthy Tarlunt gnome family of Darromar.

Teldam, you should come at once. The people here have been

glooming for so long over the fell weather the gods will undoubt-

edly send, and heaping so many coins on the altars of Talos,

that no one can really believe the harvests are coming in now.

And theyre coming in such profusion that everyone who isnt

out in the fields is busy building barns and grain-cellars, or

cooking for those who are.

Ive never seen the Elf Lord look upon worked fields with

such  favor  before!  The  grapes,  hops,  and  barley  are  all  far

superior to any Ive ever seen. The vintners and brewmasters

are amazedwell be building new kegs soon!

In the meantime, prices have dropped to near nothing here.

For just one copper piece, you can get two tankards of the Lords

best, a long loaf of dark bread sliced deep and drenched in

garlic butter, and a goodly pot of my fowl soup.

Try this recipe at home, and see if you can come close to it

for that price. Youll not be able to, I swear. Then bring yourself

and all the younglings out here to fill their bellies and earn

some coins building kegs!

hearth to simmer. Peel and dice an onion, throw it in, and add a

pinch of salt. Then crush a large bunch of strong-grass [dill] and

two hotleaves [bay leaves] and add them to the pot. Half-cover it

and let the mixture simmer for two bells [three hours]. Strain

and skim the broth, pick out any stray bones or feathers, season

to taste with salt and pepper, and bring back to a boil. Then in

a bowl, break and froth [whisk] together four chicken eggs, plus

a finger of grated strong, old cheese [about a quarter-cup Par-

mesan or another sharp yellow cheese], a pinch of nutmeg, and

a palmful of diced parsley. Pour this mixture into the boiling

pot and let it stand while you count out a score-and-four

more [count to 24; about 30 seconds]. The eggs will

set in the boiling water while you count. Then break

them up with a fork and serve forth.

They say that such abundance is unfolding

all over the Heartlands, but I can per-

sonally swear that it is happening

here. Come swiftly!

Take one chicken, wring it, scoop it, pluck

it, bone it, and cut the flesh into bites.

Boil the chicken in a pot of water, then

skim off the foam and put the

pot to the side

of the

All love,

Shamress

 EG

I

l

l

u

s

t

r

a

t

i

o

n

b

y

M

i

c

h

a

e

l

P

h

i

l

l

i

p

p

i

Lord Eluan Silverbow had never seen

Silverbow Hold so lush

136

THE PRESENT AGE

 The  Harpers  [1236,  1349]  are  reorganized.  Twilight  Hall  is  founded  in

Berdusk. From this time forward, the so-called Harpers of Twilight Hall are

more regimented and hierarchical in behavior and organization. Previously,

Harper activities were more independent and decentralized.

 Khelben the Younger [1302] departs Waterdeep for another world, leaving

his grandfather to assume his guise.

 Darsson Spellmaker, later renowned for creating numerous spells, is born.

1332 DR Year of the Sword and Stars

Numerous goblin and hobgoblin tribes are reported on the move among the

western Marching Mountains. Some reports have numerous wizards at the

heads of these hordesthe same wizards who went missing late last year

under some mysterious calling.

 Hansandrar Ilmeth, an archmage of Halruaa, creates the Mighty Rune

of the Master, a magic spelltome of Deneir.

1322 DR Year of Lurking Death

Alasklerbanbastos [1018, 1365], the Great Bone Wyrm, emerges from the Riders

of the Sky and begins a summer-long reign of terror in Chessenta.

1333 DR Year of the Striking Falcon

Amnian Trade War. Founding of the Council of Six [1362], unification of

Amn.

1323 DR Year of Dreamwebs

In  Thay,  the  Zulkir  of  Enchantment  leads  an  attempt  to

control  the  minds  of  influential  people  through  their

dreams.  The  efforts  of  the  Red  Wizards  [1260,  1351]

are eventually thwarted.

c

i

b

u

K

r

e

g

n

i

G

y

b

n

o

i

t

a

r

t

s

u

l

l

I

1324 DR Year of the Grimoire

Luthcheq  invades  Mordulkin,  then  loses  the  war.

The loss is blamed on wizard-spies in the service

of Mordulkin. Luthcheq then begins persecution

of wizards.

 Traveling  through  Cormyr  as  Balin  the

cavalier,  young  Crown  Prince  Azoun  IV

[1307,  1336]  drives  a  weretiger  from  Gold-

feather  Manor,  with  Vangerdahast  [1306,

1355] at his side.

1325 DR Year of the Great Harvests

The Lords Alliance is established in Waterdeep,

with membership coming from most of the cities

and settlements of the Sword Coast North. It is

founded to oppose the mercantile aggression of

Amn and to benefit from increasing trade flow-

ing from the North into the Heartlands.

1328 DR Year of the Adder

Drizzt  DoUrden  [1297,  1338]  flees  from  his

homeland  of  Menzoberranzan  [1297,  1357].

Drizzt  survives  the  next  ten  years  of  self-

imposed  exile  in  the  Underdark  by  embracing

a more savage side of his psyche he calls The

Hunter.

1329 DR Year of the Lost Helm

Morkoth, at the behest of Great Arcane Aodk,

kidnap  merfolk  Queen  Wylla,  Princess  Diera,

and Princess Aeda, and magically change them

into  monstrous  forms  that  mindlessly  attack

Voalidru.  Their  deaths  are  avenged  with  the

attacks on Olleth later this year and the death of

Aodk and his Arcounts.

1330 DR Year of the Marching

Moon

Lizardfolk and troglodytes join the

grimlock  population  of  Reeshov

after  being  freed  from  mind  flayer

control.

 Mulsparkh is founded along the northern bank of

the River Memnon in the Duchy of Teshyl-

lal near the end of this year by Calishite

mercenaries  and  monsters  at  the  secret

instigation  of  the  Twisted  Rune  [1311,

1369].

1334 DR Year of the Blazing

Brand

Mulsparkhs army destroys Crown Price

Rythan of Tethyr, the brother of King

Alemander IV, and his army in the Battle

of Nightflames. The armies of Calimshan

destroy Mulsparkh itself shortly thereafter.

The Sword of Starlight, a Tethyrian sword of

state and a powerful magic item, is secreted away

by Yuzas Nur yn Yusuf el Tiagar, a military officer

who has greater ambitions than abilities.

 Hyarmon  Hussilthar  becomes  Huhong  of

Rashemen.

1335 DR Year of the Snow Winds

The Evereska Charter claims the Greycloak

Hills for the elves.

 Alusair  Nacacia,  future  Steel  Regent  of

Cormyr, is born.

 Three Rangewatchers are slain in battle against

a marauding red dragon. The human ranger Mon-

tolio Debrouchee, blinded in the attack, retreats

to his grove and falls into despair.

 Yamun Khahan [1358] becomes chieftain of

his own tribe in the Hordelands.

 Erevis Cale [1348], future Chosen of Mask, is

born in Westgate [1312, 1348].

 Rhigaerd  II  of  Cormyr  dies  in  the  waning

days of this year.

1336 DR Year of the Highmantle

Azoun  IV  [1324,  1360]  takes  the  throne  of

Cormyr.

 The Zhentarim conquer Daggerdale.

Lord Eremantul

contemplating his last letter

 King  Rilimbrar  has  his  daughter,  Princess

Sambryl [1299, 1338], wed her second cousin Imphras,

though the marriage is never consummated. Imphras IV,

although still considered a traitor and confined to the

royal tower at Filur, becomes Crown Prince.

1331 DR Year of the Leaping Dolphin

Numerous  high-ranking  wizards  among  all  the  Guilds  Arcane  of  Calim-

port,  Almraiven,  Volothamp,  Memnon,  and  Keltar  mysteriously  abandon

their homes and positions to depart on some mysterious mission within the

Marching Mountains. More than thirty in all, they abandon their holdings

and responsibilities for this unknown calling.

 Matasuuri Nagahide becomes the new shogun of Wa.

Foreign traders are ordered to leave the country. Unauthorized interaction

with foreigners is declared illegal.

1337 DR Year of the Wandering Maiden

Ylashi nobles agree to abolish the lordship and instead rule by council.

137

THE PRESENT AGE

1333: Ruin in Amn

This bloodstained letter was found among the papers of the murdered Tarjtan Eremantul, a member of the wealthy Athkatlan

merchant family that bore that name. Three young daughters were the only Eremantul survivors of the conflict that sages now

call the Great Amnian Trade War. One girl fled to Scornubel, another to Zazesspur, and the third to Westgate. Charessa was

murdered in Tethyr by sons of a rival family, but Roanele and Ambriiya are thought to be living still, under other names.

To Tarjtan, my beloved son and heir, on this third of Alturiak,

I write to you as the one, the Watching Gods willing, who shall in time be

lord of our blood. Make the Eremantuls proud of you, both during your days

on Faern, and when you are but a memory. May our line prosper and

endureand even more importantly, may our fair land endure.

Be warned, Tarjtan! This conflict is more than wares despoiled, wagons

tumbled, drovers beaten, or horses lamed. Make no mistake, my sonthis is

war.

Some families hold themselves greater than the rest of us because their coins

buy them pride and liveried darkblades to feed their hauteur. Seeing their

chance to crown themselves, scions of these houses now fall over each other to

seize the throne. The wiser of them hide behind royal pretenders, but none of

them care what they do to our fair land in their striving.

Mark my words well, Tarjtan: All who are now presented to Amn as

royal are false. I have spent good coin on diverse altars to confirm this suspi-

cion, when I could find priests inclined to listen harder to divine guidance than

to the jingling of proffered purses. So you will not be choosing between proper

and not proper when you select which pretender to support. You will be choos-

ing the best beast to carry Amn forward on his or her shoulders. For all our

sakes, choose well.

And be careful, my son. Words said cannot be unsaid. Pacts made must

not be broken, lest the name of Eremantul be stained in trade after these

troubles are past. Tread carefully when deciding with whom to stand and from

whom to draw away, else the Eremantul name will carry no repute once peace

returns.

I write these words, as unguarded and blunt as any I have ever penned, in

case I do not return from a moot I am bound to attend with some of these

ambitious and powerful lordlings. I take with me my best magic and poisoned

weapons, yet still I do not expect to see the morning after the moot.

Share this missive with your mother if you think it will do her more good

than harm. And see that she is provided for, or I will rise and haunt you.

May prosperity shower and shield you,

Balakh, Lord Eremantul

 EG

138

THE PRESENT AGE

 The  adventuring  band  known  as  The  Nine,  led  by  Laeral  Silverhand,

acquires the Crown of Horns [1357]. Laeral [1311, 1357] dons the headpiece

and descends into madness. The band fragments into three warring factions,

and their lair, known as the Stronghold of the Nine and located along the

banks of the Unicorn Run, becomes a battleground.

 Charles Oliver OKane becomes mayor of Ravens Bluff.

 Government forces slaughter thousands at Juzimura Castle, which has been

seized by a coalition of displaced ronin and radical worshipers of Chauntea.

After the siege is broken, the shogunate of Wa denounces Chauntea as an illegal

deity. Worship of Chauntea is declared an offense punishable by execution.

1338 DR Year of the Wanderer

The Windblown Goat is built near the old stone markers at Bezentil. Other

folk follow, giving rise to a small town at the site.

In Impiltur, King Rilimbrar, Queen Ilbritha, Prince Verimlaun, and Crown

Prince Imphras IV die in a mysterious fire at Filur. The infant Prince Soar-

imbrar the Younger, a descendant of Velimbrar, is crowned king but Imphrass

wife  Sambryl  [1336,  1351]  takes  the  throne  as  Queen-Regent,  moving  the

royal court to Lyrabar.

 Drizzt Do`Urden [1328, 1340] arrives in Blingdenstone [690], where he

befriends the svirfneblin Belwar Dissengulp. Drizzt and Belwar later team up

with Clacker, a pech that was turned into a hook horror by an evil wizard.

 The Wandering Wyvern is built in Sevenecho.

1339 DR Year of the Weeping Moon

Aumry is slain; Jyordhan [1345] becomes lord of Shadowdale.

 The Eighth Emperor Chin of Shou Lung announces the Gathering of

Pearls as a goal of his reign. Plans are set in motion to recover lost artifacts

and books. Excavations begin in cities that have been noted as capitals. Old

territories to the north and west are brought back under imperial control.

Contacts  with  Wa  and  Kozakura  are  expanded.  The  port  city  of  Akkaido

on Wa sees an increase in foreign trade, as restrictions limiting interaction

with foreigners are somewhat relaxed. The nobles of Tu Lung fear that this

effort  is  an  attempt  to  isolate  their  nation  in  the  world.  In  response,  Tu

Lung opens its doors to traders and establishes its own diplomatic missions

to Tabat, Wa, and Kozakura.

 Mintiper Moonsilver reportedly scatters the three Nether Scrolls [580]

from the Hall of Mists to other locations.

 Samas Kul arranges the concession of a small Thayan Quarter in the city

of Procampur, creating the first of the Thayan enclaves.

1345 DR Year of the Saddle

The Coast Plague afflicts Murann, Athkatla, Purskul, and Crimmor in Amn,

killing thousands of people. The plague spreads by caravan, infecting folk in

Beregost and Zazesspur.

 Jyordhan [1339] is slain by Khelben Arunsun [1311, 1348] of Waterdeep,

bringing about the Time of No Lords (until 1348 DR) in Shadowdale.

 The Lord of Murder, Bhaal, corrupts one of the Earthmothers Moonwells

of the Moonshae Isles. From this Darkwell, Kazgaroth the Beast attempts to

destroy the Earthmother and ruin the Moonshaes.

 Religious strife breaks out in Waterdeep between the church of Shar and

the churches of Lathander, Selne, and Tempus.

1346 DR Year of the Bloodbird

Rumors of 80,000 dark elves living in the Forest of Mir lead some to panic

in Calimport, with many entering the Muzad beneath the city with thoughts

of  exterminating  all  they  find  below.  Others  more  pragmatically  arrange

slave-trade agreements with known drow agents, lining their pockets with

Underdark coin. Most sensibly laugh at the unfounded rumor and at the panic

it causes Tethyr and many Calishite holdings.

 The  Sword  Heralds  refuge  in  Cormyr,  Dawninghunt,  is  discovered  by

adventurers.  Within  lies  a  chest  holding  more  than  a  thousand  large  and

splendid emeralds as well as four big, extensive spellbooks and several items

of minor magic.

 Of seven students chosen by the High Mages of SeluMaraar, three are

marked for great destinies. The youths Keryth Adofaer, Talor Vurtalis, and

Jhanra  Merlistar  excel  at  the  basics  of  High  Magic.  They  privately  learn

more about High Magic in an unorthodox mannerTaranath unveils three

selukiira and places them upon their brows, sending the students into comas

while the gems force-feed the knowledge of millennia into their brains. All

High Mages and students remain behind closed doors in their estate on the

outskirts of Sylkiir.

 Samas  Kul  becomes  Master  of  the  Guild  of  Foreign  Trade  in  Thay,  a

minor post at the time.

 Bhaals avatar, the Ravager, is banished from the Moonshae Islands. Tristan

Kendrick becomes high king of the Moonshaes.

1340 DR Year of the Lion

Tyranthraxus, the Possessing Spirit, claims the Pool of Radiance. From the

corrupted  body  of  a  bronze  dragon,  Tyranthraxus  assumes  control  of  the

Ruins of Phlan [1303, 1375], and rules from beneath Valjevo Castle until he

is defeated by adventurers.

 Drizzt DoUrden [1338, 1341] begins his life on the surface.

 The Battle of the River Rising in Featherdale pits the forces of the Sembian

military against the Sembian cell of the Cult of the Dragon [1279, 1357].

1341 DR Year of the Gate

The Golden Griffon Eyes, an all-female adventuring band from Selgaunt, is

chartered by Azouns hand.

 Montolio Debrouchee, Mooshie to his friends, invites Drizzt DoUrden

[1340, 1347] into his grove. There he teaches the drow the Common tongue

and the ways of a ranger in service to the goddess Mielikki. Mooshie dies

peacefully in his sleep as the first snows of winter descend over the grove.

 In Sers, Sylkiir celebrates as the High Mages Taranath Reefglamor and

Yrlimn Tidark announce the first acceptance of students for High Magic

study in over two hundred years. Their current student Pharom Ildacer of

Naramyr becomes a tutor and High Mage.

1344 DR Year of Moonfall

The Retreat: After years of thought and meditation, the leaders of the elf

nations agree to withdrawal from the increasingly human controlled lands

of mainland Faern. Most, though not all, elf communities begin a Retreat

[342, 1355] to the Green Isle of Evermeet [1321, 1368].

 After centuries of silence from the Dragon Queen, the few remaining fol-

lowers of the Nemesis of the Gods successfully summon an aspect of Tiamat

known as the Dark Lady to Unther, an event that had been heralded centuries

before by Ochir Naal, prophet of Tiamat.

1347 DR Year of the Bright Blade

Hulburg [1306] is obliterated by an onslaught of Zhentish forces combined

with a horde of orcs. Only a few people remain in the area, mostly in the

outlying lands.

 Drizzt DoUrden [1341, 1356] arrives in Icewind Dale [2100, 1351] for

the first time.

 The Ten Black Days of Eleint: King Alemander IV and the rest of the

Tethyrian  royal  family  die  during  the  conflagration  that  destroys  Castle

Tethyr. Crown Prince Alemanderthe late Prince Rythans younger brother

and second son of King Alemander IVand General Sharboneth die in the

fires of their own making. From the 13th to the 22nd day of Eleint, hyste-

ria grips Tethyr, causing the destruction of Tethyrs nobles and many castles

and temples. Hundreds of innocent people who have any ties to the royalty

are also murdered.

 Zhengyi the Witch-King [1357] rises to power in Damara.

1348 DR Year of the Spur

In Cormyr, Azoun charters the Swords of Eveningstar. By years end they

have been knighted by Queen Filfaeril and taken the name Knights of Myth

Drannor [1161, 1374].

139

THE PRESENT AGE

 Khelben  [1345,  1357]  gives  the  Pendant  of  Ashaba  to  the  Knights  of

Myth  Drannor.  Doust  Sulwood  [1353]  is  chosen  to  be  the  next  Lord  of

Shadowdale.

 Erevis  Cale  [1335,  1373]  is  recruited  by  the  Night  Masks  in  Westgate

[1335, 1353].

 The Night Masks become secret rulers of Westgate [1348, 1368].

1354 DR Year of the Bow

The House of the Lady (a temple of Tymora) is established in Shadowdale.

 Maalthiir [1357] becomes the ruler of Hillsfar [673, 1355].

 Selfaril [1356] kills his predecessor and becomes High Blade of Mulmaster

[1317, 1354].

 Mulmasters [1348, 1356] fleet is destroyed in a large naval battle with

ships of Zhentil Keep.

1349 DR Year of the Bridle

The Puissant Department of Joyful Rediscovery in Shou Lung charges the

Ko family with the task of turning Akari Island into a maritime colony and

forward base for his Magnificent and Just Majestys Fleet.

The Harpers [1321, 1360] succeed in breaking the Rundeen trade monopoly in

Chult and disrupting their activities in Calimshan after slaying three Rundeen

leaders and nearly fifty lesser agents.

1350 DR Year of the Morningstar

Elminster [1222, 1357] retires to Shadowdale.

 The evil god Bane, in an attempt to increase his own power, tries to draw

a  group  of  Moonsea  cities  into  the  nether  regions.  The  Heroes  of  Phlan,

who vanquished Tyranthraxus a decade earlier, foil the plot and the cities are

returned. The Warhammer of Tyr [1372] is stolen by Bane.

 The Cult of Set gains control of Sampranasz in Mulhorand, though this

fact remains hidden. Seti [1320] forms the Fangs of Set.

 Devils claim Dragonspear Castle [1315, 1356].

 The High Captains of Luskan come fully under the sway of the Arcane

Brotherhood, cementing its secret rule over the city.

1355 DR Year of the Harp

Zhentil Keep attacks its Moonsea allies and takes the Citadel of the Raven

[1276, 1357] as its own.

 Civil  war  breaks  out  in  Ylash.  Zhentil  Keep  and  Hillsfar  [1354,  1357]

move troops to Ylash.

 Retreat [1342] of the elves from Cormanthor reaches its peak.

 Shaerl Rowanmantle [1358] is sent by Vangerdahast [1324, 1372] to Shad-

owdale. Shaerl and Mourngrym [1353, 1358] wed.

 Dwalimar Omen, an agent of Zalathorm [1263, 1357], departs Halruaa in

the Realms Master, a special skyship equipped with the Astrolabe of Nimbral,

to collect dangerous artifacts across Faern.

 Helm Dwarf-friend becomes the sixth Ruling Master of Sundabar.

1351 DR Year of the Crown

Warlocks Crypt [339], the home of the terrible Larloch, is discovered on

the Sword Coast by explorers, and the few survivors bring plague to the city

of Baldurs Gate.

 Amril Zoar, scion of the exiled Waterdhavian family of the same name,

slays two secret Lords of Waterdeep and badly wounds Open Lord Piergeiron

[1314, 1369]. After being apprehended, he is spared execution by the interces-

sion of Storm Silverhand [1236, 1372] of the Harpers.

 King Soarimbrar the Younger of Impiltur and his entire retinue are slain

at the hands of unknown assassins while riding through farmlands outside

Lyrabar. He is succeeded by his infant nephew Imphras V, and Sambryl [1338,

1363] remains Queen-Regent.

 The apprentice wizard Akar Kessel discovers Crenshinibon the Crystal Shard,

hidden for centuries beneath the snow in Icewind Dale [1347, 1372].

 The Red Wizards [1323, 1360] obtain a concession in Telflamm. This site

grows into the largest of the Thayan enclaves, since it is a distribution center

for Thayan goods throughout much of northern Faern.

 The shogunate of Wa orders daimyos to raise the moral standards in their

provinces. Known and suspected adulterers are executed, waitresses are banned

from teahouses, and luxury items are forbidden to the lower classes.

1352 DR Year of the Dragon

Pasha Balik begins his rule in Zazesspur with the hidden aid of the Knights

of the Shield.

 Gondegal raises an army of mercenaries and launches many raids within

Cormyr. Gondegal is crowned king for eight days before the Purple Drag-

ons,  and  the  combined  forces  of  neighboring  kingdoms,  scatter  his  forces.

Gondegal flees the country.

 Barbarians of The Ride destroy a large Zhentarim caravan en route to

Glister.

 After the birth of two daughters (who cannot take the throne, except as

regents), Wai Gada Sinzus wife gives birth to twin sons, named Wai Anku

and Wai Soreti. Various factions, families, and cults in Tu Lung begin taking

sides, sending gifts to one son or the other.

1353 DR Year of the Arch

Doust Sulwood [1348] retires to Arabel. Mourngrym Amcathra [1355] becomes

Lord of Shadowdale.

 Randal Morn [1369], of the Morn family of Daggerdale, kills Malyk, a

minor Zhentarim mage installed by Zhentil Keep as ruler of Daggerdale, in

an attempt to free the dale from Zhent occupation. Folk of Daggerdale join

Randal Morn in a roving band of warriors, fighting Zhent mercenaries for

control of the dale.

1356 DR Year of the Worm

Drizzt  DoUrden  [1347,  1357]  and  Wulfgar  [1364]  kill  the  white  dragon

Icingdeath.

 Bruenor Battlehammer slays the shadow dragon Shimmergloom [634],

formerly of Chaulssin, and drives out the great wyrms servant duergar. Bruenor

proclaims himself the Eighth King of Mithral Hall [1357].

 Artemis Entreri [1357] kidnaps Regis and flees to Calimport. Drizzt and

the Companions of the Hall journey to Calimport, rescue Regis, and destroy

Pasha  Pooks  guild.  The  Companions  return  to  Mithral  Hall,  while  Regis

remains in Calimport to run the former pashas operation.

 The Dalelands, Cormyr, and the cities of the Moonsea are devastated by

a Flight of Dragons. Sylun [1300] of the Seven Sisters is slain defending

Shadowdale from a great red wyrm.

 Cormyr  seizes  Tilverton  [1372],  installing  a  Lady  Regent  to  rule  it.

The Forest Kingdom does this, in the wake of the weakening of the Dales

(particularly Shadowdale), to expand its influence into the Dales, and pre-

vent Zhentil Keep from gaining control over the Dales and the trade route

through Tilvers Gap.

 Princess Alusair Nacacia of Cormyr runs away, vanishing from the royal

palace in Suzail.

 Lashan  of  Scardale  attempts  to  take  over  the  Dalelands  and  fails.  He

vanishes amid the ruins of Myth Drannor.

 Lyran the Pretender attacks Shadowdale.

 Queen Yenandra [1275] of Dambrath, suffering the ravages of old age and

disease, is willingly transformed into a spectral guardian by her wizard daughter

Hasifir and several drow sorcerers. Hasifir assumes the throne.

 Selfaril [1348, 1366] of Mulmaster [1354, 1366] and the Tharchioness of

Thay, also known as the First Princess of Thay, exchange gifts.

 Demons tunnel from Hellgate Keep [1221, 1365] to the Nameless Dun-

geon [4300, 1374].

 Ruathym [69, 1357] attacks and sinks a Luskanite caravel after persons

unknown (at the time) stole the Tome of the Unicorn from the Green Library.

Luskan  responds  by  destroying  much  of  Ruathyms  fleet  and  invades  the

140

THE PRESENT AGE

1352: Proclamation against False Gondegal

The following missive was sent by Alaphondar the Sage to the signet list of senior Crown servants throughout Cormyr.

To All Who Serve the Dragon: Know and Heed This Message,

But Let Not Eyes of the Unsworn Peruse It.

Fair greetings in the name of Azoun, Fourth of That Maj-

esty, to the Greater Glory of the Realm.

To thy ears may by now have come talk of one Gondegal, who

styles himself the Lost King and seeks to refound what he

calls his rightful kingdom, centered upon the loyal Cormyrean

city of Arabel. Though some have long memories of fallen

realms and may desire to raise those vanished thrones again,

such sentiments must not be considered to confer legitimacy

on the claims of the man Gondegal.

Court  and  temple  records  have  been  diligently  exam-

ined for any shred of proof regarding his claims of lineage,

but such documents yield no support to him. Certain elves,

dwarves, and dragons whose life spans and familiarity with

the lands in question furnish them with expertise on past

human deeds have been questioned in the presence of High

Heralds,  whose  testimony  is  above  influence  or  reproach.

Not one of these creatures admits knowing anything about

the claims of Gondegal.

As far as we can ascertain as of this writing, Gondegal is

not directly descended from any former ruler or noble, and

he has no Blood Royal, of House Obarskyr or any other. Even

should this assumption later prove false, the Crown refutes

any brazen and lawless bloodshed or wanton bringing of war

to our fair kingdom.

We therefore declare this Gondegal to be an outlaw, and

his life to be forfeit on sight for the murders he has visited

upon the fair folk of Cormyr. Also declared outlaw are these

persons who ride with Gondegal or espouse his cause:

Arth Tembroar, of Tembroars Fine Saddles, Dalarn Lane,

Arabel

Azunt  Haelcloak,  Herbalist  for  Hire,  late  of  Mother

Jessas, Bottle Alley, Arabel

Baerendros the Blade, hiresword out of Sembia, wanted

for diverse robberies and slayings

Culdath, condemned thief, formerly Bresk Thrattul, cloth-

ier, of Five Fine Cloaks, Telvurr Street, Arabel

The Crown desires all these persons delivered into its custody,

dead or alive.

A  royal  proclamation  regarding  Gondegal  will  soon  be

forthcoming. Purple Dragons are mustering.

Do not hesitate to report any suspicious activities to any

Wizard of War. Such persons can also communicate any ques-

tions that you or citizens who treat with you may have to

those who can provide answers.

Set down this eleventh of Ches by the hand of Alaphondar

Sage Royal to the Court of the Dragon

 EG

t

u

n

d

u

H

d

i

v

a

D

y

b

n

o

i

t

a

r

t

s

u

l

l

I

Gondegal arrayed for battle (as his magic rings made him appear)

141

THE PRESENT AGE

island itself. After months of fighting, Ruathyms defenders drive the High

Captains of Luskan back to their ships.

 The Dragonspear War: Armies from Waterdeep and Baldurs Gate besiege

and set fire to Dragonspear Castle [1354, 1363], defeating the devils within.

1357 DR Year of the Prince

In this year, on an alternate Material Plane world known as Earth, Ed of

the Greenwood assembles various travelogues, maps, and other works from

Elminster of Shadowdale into the first publication of the FORGOTTEN REALMS

campaign setting.

 Artemis Entreri [1356], disguised as Regis, arrives at Mithral Hall [1356,

1358]. Artemis and Drizzt [1356, 1364] fight. Artemis is defeated and left

to die.

 Later in the year Artemis is rescued by Jarlaxle of the Bregan Daerthe

band  of  drow  mercenaries  and  taken  to  Menzoberranazan  [1328,  1362].

Drizzt and Catti-brie enter Menzoberranzan. Artemis joins the two when

escaping the drow city.

 Salamander  War:  A  Thayan  army  reinforced  by  fire  elementals  takes

Escalant  and  Laothkund.  Most  of  the  Wizards  Reach  is  under  Thayan

control.

 The forces of Luskan attack Ruathym [1356, 1358], successfully plundering

much of the island and sinking that realms ships. They establish a presence

there  and  subjugate  the  local  population  and  shipping.  Aumark  Lithyl,  a

Knight of Myth Drannor, leads the fight against the invaders.

 King Virdin of Damara is killed in battle with Zhengyi the Witch-King

[1347, 1359].

 Moander, god of corruption, is accidentally woken from a magical slumber

deep beneath the ruins of Ylash. He causes much devastation before being

banished.

 The Tome of the Unicorn is stolen from the Green Rooms of Ruathym by

Shond Tharovin [1358], a Calishite wizard. Unlike those who preceded him,

Shond manages to both summon Shoons skull from the Tome and commu-

nicate with the spirit of the former qysar, Shoon VII [450, 1358].

 Netyarch  Zalathorm  [1355,  1372]  goes  briefly  mad  while  divining  the

Time of Troubles and is replaced on the throne of Halruaa by Gabrela for

a period of two weeks.

 The Chansreena (Princess) Alabhansree Alanasker disappears from Ormpur,

along with a large quantity of saffron and many magical blades, while travel-

ing with her lover, the pirate Cairak Redbeard, to the Moonshaes.

 Shaliim, the Prince Royal of Lapaliiya, and his adventuring band of Water-

dhavian wildblades escape capture by a band of black dragons.

 Maalthiir [1354, 1374] overthrows the council of Hillsfar [1355, 1370] and

assumes control of the city.

 The Pharaoh of Mulhorand is assassinated by the Cult of Set. Horustep

III takes the throne of Mulhorand at age eleven.

 Gauntlgrym [153] is rediscovered by a group of adventurers known as the

Company of the Gryphon.

 Khelben [1348, 1361] steals the Scepter of the Sorcerer Kings from the

Harper vault known as the Catacombs of Ordulin and replaces it with an

illusory duplicate.

 Laeral [1337, 1361] is freed from the influence of the Crown of Horns

[1337] by Khelben and Alustriel [875, 1358] and slowly nursed back to sanity

over the next three years in Blackstaff Tower [1374].

 Shandril Shessair, a young maiden from Deepingdale, is pursued across

the Dalelands and into Cormyr by both the Zhentarim and the Cult of the

Dragon [1340, 1361]. Aided by the Knights of Myth Drannor and shielded by

Elminster [1350, 1358], the Seven Sisters [762, 1369], and Mirt of Waterdeep,

she succeeds in fleeing from her pursuers into the Heartlands and slaying the

dracolichs Rauglothgor, Aghazstamn, and Shargrailar. When hunted down

soon after by more Zhentarim and Cult of the Dragon agents, she immolates

herself in a conflagration of spellfire.

 Waterdeep negotiates a truce between Ruathym and Luskan, but it backfires

when Luskan, Ruathym, Tuern, and the Whalebones forge an alliance to raid

settlements along the Sword Coast.

 An outpost of the Black Leopard Cult [1067] is found and destroyed on

Akari Island. This is believed to be an offshoot of the sect founded by the

high priest who escaped down the Fenghsintzu river. When the news arrives in

Pendir Chao and Hsin-to, massive parades and demonstrations are organized

by followers of the Black Leopard.

1358 DR Year of Shadows

Lord Mourngrym [1355, 1374] and Lady Shaerl Amcathra [1355] of Shad-

owdale have a son, Scothgar (Scotti).

 Giogi Wyvernspur and Flattery Wyvernspur battle for control of the leg-

endary family heirloom known as the Wyvernspur in Cormyr.

 The Jaezred Chaulssin [1241, 1372] learn of the existence of Nurvureem,

the only female drow-dragon and the daughter of the Patron Grandfathers

kidnapped mate.

 The Time of Troubles: Cast out from their otherworldly domains by the

overpower Lord Ao, the gods of Toril wander the Realms as mortals. They

seek the stolen Tablets of Fate, which are the key to their return. During this

dark period, known as the Time of Troubles, magic becomes unpredictable

and the prayers of the faithful go unanswered. By its conclusion, Faerns

pantheon of gods witnesses the ascendancy of Cyric, Midnight (Mystra), and

the Red Knight, the death of Bane, Bhaal, Ibrandul, and Myrkul, and the

death and rebirth of Torm.

 Accompanied by fire from the sky, Banes spirit falls from the heavens,

directly on top of the Black Altar, his dark temple in Zhentil Keep. This event

is remembered by the Zhents as The Arrival.

 Waukeen places her divinity in trust with a fellow goddess, Lliira, and

escapes the Realms to the Astral Plane with the aid of a god from another

world. Soon afterward, the Merchants Friend is betrayed by the Demon Prince

Graz`zt and imprisoned in the Abyss.

 A large force of malaugrym [1182] enter Faern hoping to take advantage

of the Time of Troubles and slay Elminster [1357, 1374]. They also seek to

infiltrate Faernian society in preparation for the killing and replacing of

many important personages. Most of the malaugrym are defeated and slain,

but several escape to unknown locations.

 The  god  Moander  returns  to  the  Forgotten  Vale  and  takes  control  of

this  saurial  settlement,  but  is  driven  back  into  the  planes  by  Alias  [1367]

and friends. Finder Wyvernspur, The Nameless Bard, destroys Moander and

becomes a demipower.

 The soon-to-be deity known as the Red Knight defends strife-torn Tethyr

from an army of monsters that threaten to surge forth from the Forest of

Tethir.

 The avatar of Sseth appears briefly above the water of the Lapal Sea before

battling the dinosaur avatar of Ubtao on the eastern edge of the Jungles of

Chult. The sarrukh of Okoth approach the divine minions of the deity Set

and agree to bind their god Sseth into eternal slumber if they are granted

spells and aid in their ancient battle against the khaasta.

 The Lords Alliance of Waterdeep expels Luskans forces from Ruathym

[1357, 1361] by applying combined diplomatic and military pressure. Luskan

and the allied island realms of the Trackless Sea join to form the Captains

Confederation. Ruathym becomes a battleground for the deities Clangeddin

Silverbeard and Labelas Enoreth when their avatars confront each other.

 The visitations of Sekolah, Anhur, and other lesser water powers cause

much disruption in Sers. Umberlee ravages the Pirate Isles of the Inner Sea

with hurricanes and storms, destroying more than two-thirds of the pirates

fleets. Appearing also in the Trackless Sea, the Bitch Queen adopts the kraken

Slarkrethel as her seraph.

 Tiamat slays the deity Gilgeam, and Unthalass [731] is heavily damaged

during their battle. Assuran (Hoar) also slays the deity Ramman, bringing

the Untheric pantheon to an end. Riots erupt throughout Unther, and the

empire falls into chaos.

142

THE PRESENT AGE

1358: A Red Knight for Tethyr

The Fall of the Gods brought avatars in plenty to Faern, to stride among mortals in what has become known as the Time of

Troubles. During this time, magic went wild, order was shattered, gods died and new gods rose, and heroes held Faern together

through their strivings. One such hero received the ultimate reward, yet is little lauded for it. The sage Terithus of Athkatla has

set about addressing that neglect in his 1364 DR chapbook Red Her Valor. The following passages are taken from that text.

Few in Tethyr realize that they owe the very existence of

their realm to the valiant strivings of one woman. Though

the  Lord  of  Battles  raised  her  to  godhood  for  her  valor,

even  some  of  her  priests  seem  unaware  of  the  glory  that

she won for herself in strife-torn Tethyr while the Time of

Troubles raged.

With magic going wild or failing utterly, it was a time of

the sworda time when brigands ran rampant, people nurs-

ing feuds or grudges demanded redress, and tyrants indulged

their  natures.  Law,  order,  and  peace  reigned  in  few  places,

but in the small locales where such ideals did hold sway, they

were  staunchly  defended  by  folk  we  should  see  as  the  true

heroes of Faern.

She whom we now know as the Red Knight was one such

hero. Leading her small Company of the Red Falcon, she rode

hard over Tethyr to defend its people against goblinkin and

beasts more fell by far.

These raiders poured forth from the Forest of Tethir and

moved south into Tethyr proper, seeking to butcher and despoil.

Most sages now agree that the Godstrife somehow awakened

the evil in ruined Myth Rhynn, causing it to erupt with all the

wild savagery of fell nature and imbuing nearby creatures with

a desire to maraud and despoil. Band after band of monsters

rushed forth, undisciplined yet compelled to venture together,

even  though  their  disparate  natures  would  normally  have

caused them to turn on each other or scatter.

But  the  Red  Knight  was  waiting  for  them,  deadly  and

seemingly tireless. She took little restin fact, Boltborm of

Tulmene attests that at times she literally slept in her saddle,

lashed to its high cantles.

Time and again her Red Falcons routed beasts and rallied

local  Tethyrians  to  stand  against  more  organized  raiders.

The Red Knight swung her blade as mightily as the strongest

warrior, yet she always remained coldly calm and observant,

planning where next to take her loyal and determined company.

Her  followers  were  always  outnumbered  by  the  marauders

surging forth from the Wealdath, yet they always emerged

victorious.

The realm of Tethyr still exists because of the Red Knights

brilliant leadership, and that fact must never be forgotten.

 EG

.

e

l

g

n

E

A

n

o

s

a

J

y

b

n

o

i

t

a

r

t

s

u

l

l

I

The Red Knight

battles through wild

magic to slay a fell foe

143

THE PRESENT AGE

 Malar attempts to enter the confines of the Gulthmere Forest [200] to

destroy the druids residing there but is battled by Nobanion and driven north-

west toward the Sword Coast in what sages later call the Roar of Shadows.

foe. Thousands of gnolls and the vaunted Griffon Legion are defeated at the

mouth of Shars Pass. Zulkir Szass Tam [1222, 1362] arranges peace with the

Tuigans and builds a great portal to transport them north to Rashemen.

  Silvanus is seen roaming in Winterwood and the heart of the Chondal-

wood. He also reportedly provides his special blessing to the island of Ilighn

[724], home of the Emerald Enclave and his Chosen.

 A great battle in Waterdeep sees Myrkul destroyed, Shar and Selne do

battle, and Cyric and Midnight (Mystra) ascend to godhood from the summit

of Mount Waterdeep.

 Ao dissolves the Imaskari planar barrier, allowing the manifestations of

Mulhorandi deities to leave Toril and rejoin their divine essences.

 The Ebondeath Sect [1202] in the Mere of Dead Men collapses with the

destruction of Myrkul.

 The Shadow Thieves of Amn lose the entire membership of the Shade

Council and two-thirds of their assassin members with the death of Bhaal. In

response, they undergo a sweeping reorganization.

 In the months following the Avatar

Crisis,  the  goddess  Leira  is  slain  by

Cyric  and  Mask,  though  followers

of  the  Lady  of  the  Mists  claim

she  is  very  much  alive,  having

perpetrated the grandest illusion

of all.

 House  Oblodra,  its  psionic

power unaffected by the disruption

in  magic  caused  by  the  Time  of

Troubles,  attempts  to  seize  con-

trol  of  Menzoberranzan.  Upon

the  conclusion  of  the  Godswar,

House  Oblodra,  is  destroyed  by

the ruling House Baenre.

 Battle  of  Keepers  Dale:

House Baenre leads an army of

drow, goblins, and kobolds out of

Menzoberranzan  to  attack  the

dwarves of Mithral Hall [1357,

1370].  The  dwarves  are  aided

by svirfneblin, local barbarians,

troops  from  Nesm  and  Silvery-

moon,  and  even  the  mysterious

Harpells  of  Longsaddle  and  Lady

Alustriel  [1357,  1361]  herself.  The

drow  are  ultimately  defeated  and

driven back to their homeland.

 Shond  Tharovin  [1357]  unleashes

the  demilich  Shoon  VII  [1357]  on  Zal-

lanora Argentresses, a young female moon elf

wizard, and the spirits of the undead qysar and the

young elf switch bodies.

 Soon after arriving in Rashemen, the Tuigans besiege and destroy Citadel

Rashemar, with the main force moving across the High Country to attack

forces rallied by the witches at the Lake of Tears. Pinned by the Thayan army

south of Lake Mulsantir, the largest force of Rashemi berserkers is unable to

support the witches, who can only delay the immense horde.

 Thousands  of  refugees  stream  across  Lake  Ashane  fleeing  the  Tuigan

Horde. A few of the more determined head toward Uthmere and settle along

the Great Road. To this day, the people of the Great Dale refer to these people

as the newcomers.

 Zhengyi the Witch-King [1357, 1373] is destroyed in Damara.

 Gareth  Dragonsbane  [1373],  future  king  of  Damara,  and  his  adventur-

ing companions return from an expedition to the Abyss, having stolen the

Wand of Orcus, shattered it in the blood of

an avatar of Tiamat (checking her plans

once  again),  and  returned  to  Damara

with the blessing of Bahamut. Gareth

brought  with  him  the  Tree-Gem,

which,  once  planted,  represented

Bahamuts  covenant  to  protect

Damara against the influence of

demons  as  long  as  the  kingdom

of  Damara  allied  itself  with  the

forces of good.

 Myrmeen Lhal, Lady of Arabel,

confronts  and  exposes  The  Night

Parade [681] in Calimport.

 Large numbers of Leiran (Cyri-

cist) priests settle in Samarach after

the Lords of Nimbral ban the prac-

tice of any state religion or organized

priesthood in their realm.

 Ixitxachitl temporarily conquer

some areas of northeastern Hmur

Plateau  (beneath  the  Fangrocks),

but are ousted from their redoubts

within a year.

 The high priests of Gilgeam, driven

from Unther by the populace of the city,

flee along with Unthers military elite to

the Citadel of Black Ash [731, 1372].

I

l

l

u

s

t

r

a

t

i

o

n

b

y

F

r

a

n

z

V

o

h

w

i

n

k

e

l

Ravaged Tuigan camp the

morning after the battle

 Mount Ugruth [257] briefly awakens with

a few rumbles. This minor volcanic activity is suf-

ficient to briefly open a portal to the Elemental Plane of

Fire. Dozens of magmins are released into the volcanos

steaming heart.

1360 DR Year of the Turret

Many mercenaries depart Tethyr to participate in the crusade of King Azoun

IV of Cormyr against the Tuigan Horde.

 Zhentil Keep sends orcs to Thesk in defense against the Tuigan Horde.

 Winter snows hold the Thayan army in place, allowing the berserkers to

move north again and attack the unsuspecting Tuigans in their camps. The

Battle of the Lake of Tears forces the Horde to fall back. The Red Wizards

[1351, 1362] part the waters of Ashane to allow the Tuigans to retreat. The

Rashemi do not pursue.

 Having been defeated in Rashemen the previous winter, Yhamun Khahan

[1359, 1363] turns his attention west, along the Golden Way [937, 1361]. People

of many nations rally to the cry of the Council of Thesk. Their combined

forces defeat the Tuigans at Phsant [952, 1362]. King Azoun IV [1336, 1369]

defeats Yamun Khahan in individual combat.

 The realm of Erlkazar is attacked by the goblin hordes of the High and

Kuldin Peaks, east of present-day Tethyr, but successfully defends its lands.

 Mulhorand launches a fleet of ships to capture the island of Alaor [1369]

from Thay. More than half their fleet sinks in storms or due to sahuagin

attacks, and the mission is a failure.

 Tuigan Horselord Yamun Khahan [1335, 1359] unites the barbarian tribes

of the Hordelands.

1359 DR Year of the Serpent

Not content to be emperor of the steppe, Yamun Khahan [1358, 1360] leads

his vast army to the conquest of Semphar and Khazari, then breaches the

Dragonwall and invades Shou Lung. After months of fierce battle, a cessation

of fighting is declared and Yamun turns his attention to the west.

 The Tuigan Horde invades Thay. Although a small scouting force of Tuigans

was defeated by Thayan magic, General Batu Min Ho proved a far worthier

144

THE PRESENT AGE

 The ancient fang dragon Nartheling moves into the peak of Umbergoth

in Aglarond.

 Through the efforts of a Harper hero named Lander and the witch Ruha,

the Harpers [1349, 1361] manage to put a good dent into Zhentarim caravan

operations in the Anauroch Desert.

 The  Wyrmskull Throne  [6150]  of  Shanatar  is  discovered  by  pirates  in

the Bay of Skulls in the sheltering lee of Hook Isle, before it is once again

lost to the world.

 At the behest of Talona, Castle Trinity in Erlkazar begins its campaign

of conquest.

1360: The Lake of Tears

The following excerpt was taken from Battles Glorious, a treatise penned by the sage Ravildus of Telflamm and published in

1366 DR.

What humans like to think of as civilized Faern has faced

many an orc horde through the years. Whenever a mountain

cavern grows too overpopulated for peace, a charismatic tusker

arises and gains the support of his starving, restless, and over-

crowded fellows. Soon thereafter, yet another army of brawl-

ing orcs sweeps forth in search of easy food, foes to savage,

warmth, and riches for all. Many such hordes have come and

gone, but only one has earned the title The Horde.

The Grand Army of the Tuigan, led by Yamun Khahan, the

self-styled Emperor of All the World, invaded many lands

and defeated many armies. It was shattered at last in Thesk by

the Army of the Alliance under the leadership of King Azoun

IV of Cormyr, who slew Yamun Khahan in single combat.

A long and bloody road led to that slaughter-field ending.

Among the most dramatic frays involving the Horde was the

Battle of the Lake of Tears, which took place on 29th Altur-

iak. The Tuigan were encamped on the shores of Lake Ashane,

waiting for the spring thaw so that they could cross the grind-

ing ice floes in boats they were building. But while winters icy

grip still held them back, they were attacked by berserkers of

Rashemen. Though greatly outnumbered, the Rashemi caught

their foes in the open, unprepared and disorganized.

After the Tuigan had rallied, the witches parted the ice and

sent crewless witchboats down the lake. These craft served as

foci for their spells, so it appeared that the boats themselves were

hurling fire, ice, and summoned monsters at the Tuigan.

The Red Wizards of Thay then parted the lake waters to

hurl aside the witchboats, so that the panicked Tuigan could

cross dryshod into Ashanath. But the witches shattered those

spells,  and  many  Tuigan  drowned  when  the  waters  rushed

back. By the time the battle ended, one in four warriors of

the Horde had died.

The following is an excerpt from the eyewitness account of a

young Rashemi lass who wanted to become a witch but lacked

the Art. But still she dared to accompany the warriors of her

people to this battle, masked and garbed as a witch.

Then did the outlanders rally to their leaders standard. For

the first time in that battle, they mounted an assault against

our Fearless Ones, who were weary from the rigors of nigh-

unopposed  butchery.  Tuigan  commanders  shrieked  ceaseless

orders,  and  the  outlanders  closed  ranks  and  drove  forward.

The frigid waters served as a protective wall behind them, and

their spears thrust in all other directions to hold our forces

at bay. The snow turned crimson with the blood of the first

fallen araunjar when our enemies began to drive us slowly

back with their sheer numbers.

Then, from out of the darkening north over Ashane, whose

waters have for so long held Thay at bay, came a groaning

sound. The ice began to move aside, revealing the weapons

of the Othlor.

Long, low black ships with bare decks and no one aboard

slid serpentlike over the night-black waters. In silence they

spewed  lightning,  long  lances  of  fire,  and  sleeting  arrows

of ice at the outlanders along the shore. Many Tuigan died

without knowing what had slain them. When their fellows

turned and beheld what had ravaged their forces, they moaned

in fear of magic, rolling their eyes and crying out to their

unheeding gods.

Then  did  the  first  of  the  beasts  that  the  Hathran  had

sentowlbears and great leaping winter wolvesappear amid

the outlanders. The Tuigan fell upon them, seemingly relieved

to face mere jaws and brawn.

The araunjar charged the foes broken lines with renewed

vigor, forcing some back into the chill waters and butchering

many of the rest. The Tuigan wept and screamed in panic,

blubbering like pleading children. But they had come to con-

quer and despoil, so we spared them not.

Then our age-old foes of Thay showed why none can trust

them, and why their cruel lives should not continue on Faern

a moment longer than it takes to exterminate them all. With

foul magic, they thrust back chill Ashane to lay bare its bottom,

pushing walls of dark water north and south to give the Tuigan

a way to escape from our araunjar into Ashanath.

Our blades pressed the outlanders anew, and our warriors

sought to encircle them. The Tuigan numbered too few to hold

a spear-line on so many fronts, so they began to give way, and

we pressed them harder. They could stand fast and be over-

whelmed, or retreat into what had been cold, deep Ashane.

So they ventured onto the dry lake bottom, shouting in panic

the whole way because magic terrified them.

We harried them until the Hathran sent out warning spells

to bring our araunjar back to shore. Then, with the outlanders

in full flight and our own forces safe, the Wychlaran broke

the spells of the prouder but lesser Red Wizards and brought

Ashane thundering back into its bed.

I saw Tuigan impaled by ice, dashed between grinding floes,

and driven under the surface. With a sharp crack as loud as

thunder, the ice of Ashane leapt together, tearing free of the

shores to form a great armor sheet over the roiling waters.

And then we saw the Tuigan who were leftfar fewer than

had  camped  with  such  arrogant  carelessnessshivering  on

the Ashanath shore.

 EG

145

THE PRESENT AGE

 A volcanic eruption created by magic buries the Semphri city of Solon

[6422], in the Raurin Desert, under magma.

 The lich Tan Chin, former Emperor of Shou Lung, gathers an army of

undead at the fallen Imaskar city of Solon. Wielding powerful magic from

that ancient empire, Tan Chin (masquerading as the Raja Ambuchar Devayam)

marches his undead armies east easily conquering Ra-Khati and settlements

within the Katakoro Plateau.

elementals summoned by the witches. The Thayans retreat after using magic

to scorch the western shore down to bare rock. The witches spend a month

repairing the damage.

 The Merchants Council of Phsant [1360, 1368] takes action, sending to

Tammar an army of one hundred of the best orc warriors the Zhentarim left

behind. The Tuigan bandits cannot match the savagery of the orcs, and these

remnants of the Horde are hunted down to the last man.

1361 DR Year of Maidens

Four Cult of the Dragon [1357, 1364] archmages arrive outside Silverymoon

[1235, 1367] and unleash spells to draw Alustriel out. She and Taern Thunder-

spell dispatch two of them easily, but Taern and other Spellguard members

are soon kept busy with a dracolich unleashed on the southern walls. Alustriel

[1358, 1371] defeats another Cult mage, but only the timely arrival of Khelben

Blackstaff Arunsun [1357, 1367] and Laeral Silverhand [1357, 1371] saves

Alustriels life against the final archmage.

 Discovery of the New World: Cordell [1364] and the Golden Legion dis-

cover The New World, Maztica. The native city of Ulatos is taken over by

Amnian forces, and Helmsport is founded.

 Word reaches Tethyr and Calimshan of the discovery of the western lands

of Maztica.

 The  First  Banedeath:  The  First  Banedeath,  an  inquisition  launched  by

Cyric [1358, 1368] through his agent Xeno Mirrormane, begins as a holy war

in Zhentil Keep. Xeno leads the followers of Cyric through the dark, twisted

streets of Zhentil Keep in an attempt to cleanse the city of all Banite worship.

The Banites are given two choices: worship Cyric or explain to him in person

why he is not worthy of worship.

 When  the  followers  of  Cyric  take  control  of  Zhentil  Keep,  Manshoon

quietly makes plans to relocate the Black Networks main base of operations

to the Citadel of the Raven [1357, 1366], secretively and gradually shifting

supplies, personnel, and other resources to new quarters there.

 The Harper Assassin plagues the North. Danilo Thann and Arilyn Moon-

blade [1368] discover that the assassin is really the gold elf Kymil Nimesin

[1321, 1371]. Danilo becomes a Harper [1360, 1362].

 Waterdeep, along with the rest of the Lords Alliance, is forced to threaten

war when Luskan once again conquers Ruathym [1358] to the west.

 Tuigan bandits occupy Tammar in Thesk. They terrorize merchants travel-

ing the newly reopened Golden Way [1360, 1362] for months.

 Tan Chin and his undead armies push eastward into Shou Lung. Weakened

by the Horde invasion two years prior, the Shou make feeble stands at Shih

Tuh and Yenching but are easily overrun. Turning his army northwest, Lo Tu

is next to fall, followed by the realm of Khazari by years end.

1362 DR Year of the Helm

Maligor,  Zulkir  of  Alteration  of  the  Red  Wizards  [1360,  1365]  of  Thay,

attempts to wrest control of the nation from the Council of Zulkirs. His plan

might have worked were it not for the intervention of agents of the Harpers

[1361, 1369] and the lich Szass Tam [1359, 1367], Zulkir of Necromancy.

 The Council Schism in Amn results in the deaths of Amns Meisarch,

Thayze Selemchant, and the Namarch and Pomarch of the Council of Six

[1333, 1366], who are soon replaced. The death of the Meisarch, an ally of

Syl-Pasha Ralan of Calimshan, stalls his plans to conquer Tethyr.

 The Edificant Library in Erlkazar is destroyed. Construction of its replace-

ment, the cathedral Spirit Soaring, begins.

 The Knights of the Black Gauntlet [1370] seize power in the city-state of

Mintar on the Lake of Steam.

 The Rotting Man [1371], a monstrous servant of Talona, appears in the

Rawlinswood.

 Helmsport is declared the capital of New Amn. The clergy of Helm in

the South declare that the year marks the beginning of blessed works for

the faithful.

 Thay attempts to invade Rashemen by moving forces through Thesk along

the  Golden  Way  [1361,  1366],  but  those  forces  are  overwhelmed  by  water

 King Bruenor Battlehammer abdicates his throne in favor of Gandalug

Battlehammer, First King of Mithral Hall, saved from the clutches of House

Baenre of Menzoberranzan [1357, 1371] four years previously. Gandalug is

now both First and Ninth King of Mithral Hall.

 Iryklathagra  [1333,  1369],  now  a  great  wyrm  blue  dragon,  occupies  the

chapter house of the Skeletal Finger thieves guild in the depths of the Small

Teeth. She transforms the trap-filled citadel into a nigh-impregnable lair.

 Wielding the ancient Stone Scepter of Shih, adventurers slay Tan Chin in

the catacombs beneath Skarou.

1363 DR Year of the Wyvern

Zhentarim forces cause the disappearance of Bron, Lord of Iriaebor, in the

cold, stormy previous autumn, and openly replace Bron in mid-Hammer of

this year with their own puppet ruler, Lord Cutter (an ambitious female

Zhentarim wizard using a male guise). Her rule over Iriaebor is harsh but

shaky, and daring adventurers bring about her downfall by mid-Marpenoth;

the imprisoned Bron is then restored to lordship over the city.

 The  Battle  of  Daggerford:  Devils  entering  Toril  through  portals  in

Dragonspear Castle assemble an army of ogres, hobgoblins, orcs, bugbears,

goblins, and kobolds, bolstered by a black dragon. These Hordes of Dragon-

spear overwhelm and destroy the Way Inn and then attack Daggerford, but

are defeated by a hastily assembled force of dwarves, elves from the Misty

Forest, paladins of Ilmater, mercenaries, local militia, and a troop of the

City Guard of Waterdeep.

 The ancient city of Mezro [863] reappears in Chult. The Ring of Winter

[163] is discovered within by Harper agent Artus Cimber.

 King Imphras V dies of a wasting sickness before he can properly claim the

throne of Impiltur. He is succeeded by his younger brother Imbrar II (age five).

As before, Sambryl [1351, 1373] remains Queen-Regent of the kingdom.

 An  unusually  cold  winter  in  Rashemen  allows  a  large  number  of  cold-

loving  creatures  to  move  southward  from  the  Icerim  Mountains  into  the

North Country and beyond.

 The  Second  Dragonspear  War:  The  Way  Inn,  near  the  High  Moor,  is

destroyed by hordes from Dragonspear Castle [1356].

 A large number of surface-world shipwrecks descend upon the Hmur Plateau

and the Lost Lands this year.

 The pirate Vurgrom the Mighty challenges and defeats his main rival

Teldar, driving him into exile in Thesk. Vurgrom becomes the leader of the

pirates of the Inner Sea.

 Tammar in Thesk is rebuilt and restored to its former status. The surviv-

ing residents who were brave enough to return hail the orcs as heroes and

welcome them into the community.

 The yuan-ti abomination Zstulkk Ssarmn and the priest of Loviatar Quinan

Varnaed establish the Iron Ring slaver consortium in Skullport.

 Hubadai, son of Yamun Khahan [1360], declares himself khahan and founds

the nation of Yammunahar.

1364 DR Year of the Wave

The  Sembian  Cult  of  the  Dragon  [1361,  1365]  cell  steps  up  its  activities

against the Zhentarim, attacking caravans and attempting to usurp control

of various trade routes.

 Long  feared  dead,  the  barbarian  Wulfgar  [1356,  1372]  is  released  from

his imprisonment by the demon Errtu and returned alive to Faern. Drizzt

[1357] and the Companions of the Hall (Bruenor Battlehammer, Catti-brie,

Wulfgar, and Regis) banish Errtu back to the Abyss once more.

146

THE PRESENT AGE

 Drizzt and companions start out toward the Spirit Soaring, in hopes that the

priest Cadderly can destroy Crenshinibon the Crystal Shard once and for all.

ditionary force quickly descends deeper into the Underdark and infests the

abandoned dwarf kingdom of Xothaerin, where it establishes Oaxapupta.

 The  Harper  Caledan  Caldorien  is  corrupted  by  the  evil  of  the  shadow-

stone and begins a transformation into the Shadowking. He releases three

shadevari servants into Faern that are destroyed by his former adventuring

companions. They succeed in saving Caledan and preventing the return of

the Shadowking [323].

 An  agent  of  the  Knights  of  the  Shield  assassinates  Pasha  Balik  in  his

bed.

 Lord Uthlain inherits his position from his father, Lord Uthrain. The elder

lord is killed in a hunting accident initially blamed on the rangers of the Forest

of Lethyr. A group of adventurers tracks down the real killers, servants of

the Shadowmasters [1366] who had hoped to destabilize Uthmere.

 A second Amnian colony is founded farther inland from Helmsport to

create a trade link between New Amn and native tribes to the west. Cordells

[1361,  1365]  estate  forms  the  core  of  the  new  settlement,  whose  garrison

protects New Amns frontier. The colony is called Qoral, after an old native

town near the site.

 First non-Amnian ships arrive from Faern at Helmsport. The mercenar-

ies lose over two-thirds of their complement to failed explorations and wild

Maztican  elf  attacks.  The  Flaming  Fist  [1366]  mercenary  company  later

establishes  Fort  Flame,  a  small  embattled  fort  north  of  Kultaka  and  the

coastal islands just off the Bay of Balduran.

 Shieldmeet  in  Waterdeep  is  disrupted  by  bard  and  ex-Harper  Iriador

Garnet Wintermist and the green dragon Grimnoshtadrano, the Riddling

Dragon of the High Forest.

 The Sharkjaws, a flotilla of pirate vessels under the corsair lord Evgruth

the Red [1366], descend on Telflamm and make the city their home port.

Evgruth  extorts  massive  bribes  from  the  merchants  council  to  spare

Telflamms own trade.

 Borlin, blood of Ghellin, musters an army of Stout Folk known as the

Mithril Legion, which fails to reclaim Tethyamar [1104, 1369] for the dwarves

of the Iron House.

1365 DR Year of the Sword

The Thayan army marches on Emmech [1082]. Aglarondan griffonriders spot

a second Thayan force moving toward the Shyvar Pass. Forces from Glarondar

meet the southern Thayan army and force it back, then come around through

the Tannath Gap and take the Thayans at Emmech from behind.

 The Sembian Cult of the Dragon [1364, 1373] cell convinces Malygris, a blue

dragon of Anauroch, to become a dracolich. This dracolich then attacks, kills,

and replaces the ruler of the Great Deserts loose society of blue dragons.

 Alasklerbanbastos  [1322]  and  the  young  chromatic  wyrms  who  follow

him seize control of Threskel, Thamor, Mordulkin, Mount Thulbane, and

the Watchers Cape.

 The Lord-Governor of New Amn refuses to allow twelve ships from Water-

deep to trade at Helmsport because of the councils restrictions on transoce-

anic trade. The ships head north to land at Maztapan Island, off the jungle

coast north of Mount Plutoq. Within two months, a small colony called New

Waterdeep forms farther west, off the Gulf of Kultaka; these colonists trade

and negotiate with the Kultakans, despite the displeasure of Govemor-General

Cordell [1364, 1366] of New Amn. New Waterdeep marks the northernmost

extent of New Amns influence; the former is one mile north, on the eastern

side, of the river marking Kultakas allied territory.

 With the aid of some rangers and more wizards than the Amnians usual

wont, the Waterdhavian contingent forges north and establishes a second colony

called Trythosford [1369], named after the expeditions paladin leader. It lies

at the mouth of a river due west of the offshore Zilhatec Island. Both new

settlements are protected by log palisades and defensive ditches that enclose

most of each settlements buildings. By years end, eight of twelve ships head

for Waterdeep, laden with new trade for the northern Sword Coast; three

ships sink during the return voyage.

 Tlincalli diviners from Maztica complete their ritual and gate more than

a thousand of their kind into the caves and tunnels beneath Amn. This expe-

 Grintharke, the demon leader of Hellgate Keep [1356, 1369], is slain by elf

adventurers, and a trio of marilith demons seizes control of that dark city.

 Thay invades Rashemen from the east, while the Red Wizards [1362, 1368]

melt glaciers in the Icerim Mountains, causing severe flooding in Immilmar

and Mulsantir. While the hathrans are distracted, the Thayan forces cross the

foothills of the High Country but are driven back by angry elementals.

 The god Talos acts to supplant the worship of the Earthmother of the

Moonshaes  with  the  gods  of  Faern.  The  legendary  Elf-Eater  [1371]  is

defeated. Alicia Kendrick becomes high queen of the Moonshaes.

1366 DR Year of the Staff

By the beginning of this year, the relocation of Zhentarim resources from

Zhentil Keep to the Citadel of the Raven [1361] is complete. (When Zhentil

Keep is razed during Cyrics downfall in 1368, the Black Network suffers

minimal  loss  of  power,  for  the  leadership  and  a  significant  portion  of  its

infrastructure remains intact in the citadel.)

 After  two  years,  the  Flaming  Fist  [1364]  mercenary  company  receives

reinforcements  at  the  embattled  Fort  Flame.  The  fledgling  garrison  and

colony grows to about three hundred. Newly arrived elves in the group hope

to negotiate peace with local wild elves.

 New Waterdeep is warned by Cordell [1365, 1370] not to trade weapons with

the Kultakans, because the Council of Six [1362, 1374] wants to slow the trade

between these newcomers and their military allies. Cordell sends a regiment

of his Golden Legion north to monitor New Waterdeep and subtly threaten

military action should New Waterdeep disobey his or the councils wishes.

The priesthood of Helm sends twelve missionary priests inland along with

New Waterdeeps explorers; they return in three months with new Maztican

converts and inland survey maps.

 The First Princess of Thay, Dmitra Flass, travels to Mulmaster [1356] to

be in the company of High Blade Selfaril [1356, 1368].

 Thesk offers to improve part of the road along the Golden Way [1362, 1368]

to facilitate traffic. The witches of Rashemen accept the offer under certain

conditions of construction, and the building begins in late summer.

 The Shadowmasters [1364, 1372] of Telflamm drive out Evgruth [1364]

and his pirate fleet with a bloody night of murders and arson.

 Waterdhavians  refound  the  citys  old  bardic  college  and  name  it  New

Olamn.

1367 DR Year of the Shield

Beginning of the Reclamation Wars in Tethyr as Zaranda Star [1368] begins

to gather support from various cities of that realm and from its people.

 A major earthquake destroys much of Eltabbar in Thay as the Zulkir Szass

Tam [1362, 1369] releases the demon lord Eltab [922, 1373] from his centuries-

long imprisonment. Szass Tams plans to bind the demon lord to his service

are thwarted, and Eltab flees to a demoncyst beneath Thaymount.

 The Simbul [1320, 1371] disappears from Aglarond for three months during

the spring. Councilors begin to jockey for position, many hoping to be named

the new ruler by acclamation. When the Simbul finally returns, she makes

clear arrangements to notify the council in the event of her death.

 Thesk road builders complete the stretch from Mulsantir to Tinner.

 Dwarves of Clan Warcrown, bolstered by troops from Silverymoon [1361,

1370], attack the Many Arrows orcs and seize the citadel. King Emerus War-

crown is enthroned in triumph in the citadel, restored to its old Dwarven

name of Felbarr [1104].

 Bold  Faernian  pirates  descend  to  the  Hmur  Plateau,  seeking  treasure.

After plundering a dragon turtles cave amid the plateau cliffs, many pay

for their invasion with their lives, though some pirates escape with magical

treasures.

 Khelben Blackstaff Arunsun [1361, 1369] unmasks himself and resigns as

a Lord of Waterdeep, to the surprise of the populace and his fellow Lords.

147

THE PRESENT AGE

 The  wizard  Shoundra  establishes  herself  as  Sceptrana  of  Mirabar  and

rules the city in union with the Council of Sparkling Stones and Marchion

Elastul Raurym.

 Aeron Morieth becomes the Stormwalker of Maerchwood in Chessenta.

 In Halruaa, Pryce Covington discovers his old friend murdered, then is

mistaken for the great mage Darlington Blade. Pryce soon finds he is both

investigator and murder suspect.

 Kourmira [1369], capital of Yammunahar in the Hordelands, is founded.

 Iyachtu Xvim [734, 1369], godson of Bane, attempts to deceive Lathander

into rejoining Tymora and Beshaba back into Tyche. The kender Emilio Hav-

ersack is gated to Sigil. He joins Joel, the Rebel Bard, and his companions in

thwarting Xvims plans.

 Baylee Arnvold discovers the Lost Library of Cormanthyr.

 Sarevok, spawn of Bhaal, plots with the Iron Throne to start a war between

Amn and Baldurs Gate by poisoning the iron mines above the Amnian town

of Nashkel. In the conflict, Scar of the Flaming Fist mercenaries and Grand

Duke Eltan of Baldurs Gate are killed and have to be resurrected.

1368 DR Year of the Banner

The Second Banedeath: The Church of Cyric [1361, 1369] launches inquisitions

in Ylash, Darkhold, Teshwave, Zhentil Keep, and the Citadel of the Raven

to cleanse the Zhent holdings of non-Cyricist priests.

 Seeking vengeance against his people, Joneleth The Exile orchestrates a

conflict between the drow of Ust Natha and the elf settlement of Suldanes-

sellar.  Joneleth  unleashes  Bhaals  avatar,  the  Ravager,  upon  Suldanessellar

while he taps the powers of the Tree of Life, seeking immortality. Abdel

1365: The Hidden Might of Aglarond

I

l

l

u

s

t

r

a

t

i

o

n

b

y

L

u

c

i

o

P

a

r

r

i

l

l

o

The Silent Chosen leads Mystras shadowstaves against the Red Wizards

It was in Shyvar Pass that Mystra first opened my eyes. The

Simbul was at Emmech, winnowing the ranks of our appren-

tices and those newly come into their bloodcowls.

I felt the power of my circle as I shaped the Weave and

prepared to hurl Glarondar into ruin. I would unleash our main

army into the Yuirwood, and Aglarond would be ours at last.

But ere I could complete my weaving, a single dark smudge

appeared on the horizon. Barely a breath later, the sky overhead

was dark with shadows. My wards were sundered, and the circle

faltered. Then spells rained down upon us in a cloudburst of

deadly Art, and my fellow Red Wizards died by the score.

As I stood helpless, I saw a brightness rush forth from the

shadows above. A cry went up from my men as they turned

to run. The Simbul is come! We are doomed!

While my army melted away around me, I raised a spellshield

and prepared to test my mettle against the Witch-Queen to

win glory for Thay. Suddenly the brightness lanced out at me

in a flurry of flashing assaults, and my Art was stripped from

me in the blink of an eye. Unmoving, I waited for the slaying

strokebut I heard only an impish giggle.

I am Alvaerele Tasundrym, the brightness breathed. We

who  are  sworn  to  Mystra  defend  this  realm  always.  Strive

on to defeat us. Craft ever greater magics to hurl against us.

Selemvarr, the Lady hungers for your very best. And then

she and her shadows were gone.

 GK

148

THE PRESENT AGE

Adrian and his companions confront Joneleth, known to them as the mage

Jon Irenicus. As the battle rages and the elf city burns, Queen Ellesime and

a few survivors flee to Myth Rhynn.

 The city of Saradush is briefly occupied by Calishite forces before being

besieged by a mercenary army under the command of the fire giant Yaga

Shura. The giant commander is defeated by the Bhaal-spawn Abdel Adrian,

but Saradush is left a smoking ruin in the wake of the conflict.

 Walinda,  priestess  of  Bane,  attempts  to  restore  the  dead  god  to  life  by

retrieving the Hand of Bane, a lost artifact of evil. Ultimately her plans are

thwarted by Joel, the Rebel Bard, and the Hand of Bane is destroyed.

 A  strange  plague  sweeps  through  the  Forest  of  Lethyr,  destroying  the

minds of many treants and reducing them to mere trees.

 This year signals the opening of major trade routes to and from Maztica.

After eighteen months of frosty negotiations, the ports of Helmsport and

New Waterdeep are opened to all parties, Maztican and Faernian alike. Qoral

has become a small, thriving, agricultural town that feeds the Amnian trade

back east. New Waterdeep and Helmsport found rival shipbuilding industries

to improve trade and profits.

 Waterdeeps  ships  still  sink  on  voyages  to  and  from  Maztica.  Amnian

sabotage  is  suspected.  The  Lords  Alliance  quietly  builds  evidence  to  cen-

sure Amn for illegally interfering with lawful trade and violating its trade

agreements.

 The Cloakmaster Teldin Moore travels to Toril from the heavens and is

granted an audience with Queen Amlaruil [623] of Evermeet [1344, 1371].

 High  Blade  Selfaril  [1366,  1369]  of  Mulmaster  [1366,  1369]  is  slain  by

his twin brother Rassendyll, who assumes his identity. The disguised Selfaril

then  marries  the  Tharchioness  Dmitra  Flass  of  Eltabbar,  a  Red  Wizard

[1365, 1369]. Thay has maintained a noticeable presence in the city ever since.

(Dmitra is unaware that her husband has been replaced by Rassendyll, and

this state of affairs is unlikely to change since she spends the majority of her

time in Eltabbar.)

 The Red Wizards open an enclave in Phsant [1362]. The place is an instant

hit with merchants up and down the Golden Way [1366, 1369].

 Alias [1358] and Dragonbait defeat Victor Dhostar (The Faceless) and the

Night Masks of Westgate [1353, 1369].

 Thay causes chaos in Rashemen by igniting the western portion of the

Ashenwood, driving its fell creatures eastward into civilized areas. During

the confusion, gangs of cutthroats teleport to Mulsantir and Immilmar to

slay important Rashemi but are cut down by berserkers.

 Thay places enclaves in Cimbar, Phsant, Proskur, and Tsurlagol. The zulkirs

increase the production of magic items for export.

 A fad for dream spheres sweeps the City of Splendors, appealing to the

increasing  ranks  of  those  who  dream  of  a  better  life  but  despair  of  ever

achieving it. Members of Waterdeeps nobility war with each other behind the

shadows. Danilo Thann [1361] joins forces with Arilyn Moonblade to uncover

the source of the conflict. Lord Thesps son and heir, Oth Eltorchul, is left a

babbling husk after dabbling in the creation of the dream spheres.

 The  lich  Velsharoon  ascends  to  godhood  with  the  sponsorship  of  the

deity Talos.

 Cats  Gate  [489]  is  unearthed  from  the  sands  along  the  Desertsmouth

Mountains [1282]. The portal is seized by agents of Iyachtu Xvim.

 The Tree Ghost Uthgardt [957, 1369] tribe rediscovers the site of its ancient

ancestor mound known as Grandfather Tree [883] in the High Forest.

 The Font of Knowledge, a temple dedicated to Oghma, is established in

Waterdeep.

 Waterdhavian  youths  enlist  in  Prince  Haedraks  Reclamation  Army  to

restore Tethyrs monarchy.

 The long-hidden Crown Prince Haedrak of Tethyr arrives in Waterdeep and

rallies an army to his cause. He sails for Tethyr with his armed host intending

to join with the loyalist forces of Zaranda Star [1367, 1369].

 Fall of Zhentil Keep: In the last three days of the year, Fzoul Chembryl

[1263, 1369] reads aloud from the True Life of Cyric, revealing the dark gods

betrayal of his faithful at Zhentil Keep. Xeno Mirrormane, High Priest of

Cyric, is struck by powerful divine fire from Mask. The flames devour Xeno,

then proceeded to do likewise to the temple of Cyric. Fzoul flees the falling

city  to  Teshwave  as  Cyric-summoned  giants,  dragons,  and  other  monsters

sack much of Zhentil Keep.

1369 DR Year of the Gauntlet

Iyachtu Xvim [1368, 1372], the demipower and son of Bane, frees himself

from  his  prison  under  the  ruins  of  Zhentil  Keep,  his  acolytes  raising  his

status to a lesser god.

 Start of the Twelfth Sers War: Led by Iakhovas, denizens from under of

the sea plague the Sword Coast, resulting in attacks on Waterdeep, Baldurs

Gate, Calimport, and other random ports on the Outer Sea.

 Fzoul Chembryl [1368, 1370] is temporarily possessed by Xvim, who sets

Fzoul on the path to rule Xvims church. Fzoul allies with the High Blade of

Mulmaster [1368] in exchange for the whereabouts of the two Imperceptors

of Bane in his city. Khelben [1367, 1370] and Fzoul meet secretly in Voonlar,

where Khelben provides Fzoul with information about Lord Orgauth, and

Fzoul vows to limit the Xvimlars eastward expansion for 10,000 days.

 Thay launches its latest invasion attempt against Aglarond in the winter.

Szass Tam [1367, 1373] creates a vast army of undead to cross the frozen

Umber Marshes. The animated corpses crash like waves against the Watchwall

[1085, 1370] but fail to overcome the fortification.

 War of Gold and Gloom: A large group of crusading gold dwarves leaves

the Great Rift [316] to reclaim the lost caverns of Deep Shanatar [1800].

The duergar of Dunspeirrin march on Deep Shanatar as well, and war soon

rages between the two armies of the Stout Folk.

 The dwarves of Mirabar destroy the Kreeth goblin tribe in the Crags with

the unlooked-for aid of the crystal dragon Saryndalaghlothtor. They form

the House of the Axe in alliance with this wyrm.

 Piergeiron [1355] destroys the dracolich Kistarianth the Red on the slopes of

Mount Waterdeep during Halasters Harvestide. The transformed red dragon

was slain in life by Piergeirons father, Athar the Shining Knight.

 Led by the Mistmaster, the Harpers [1362, 1370] destroy Hellgate Keep

[1365, 1370] through use of an artifact known as the Gatekeepers Crystal. Tanta

Hagara and the Blue Bear Uthgardt [1368] tribe are also destroyed.

 The Seven Sisters [1357] thwart a plan involving drow and the Red Wiz-

ards [1368, 1370] of Thay orchestrated by a Shar-tainted Halaster [680, 1375]

of Undermountain to steal the secrets of silver fire from Mystra and her

Chosen.

 The Trades Conflagration: This blaze in Calimport engulfs over 60 percent

of Emerald Ward and 50 percent of Grand Ward. Marekh Sabban is destroyed

by the fires, along with numerous areas in the Muzad beneath it.

 Randal Morn [1353] reclaims the throne of Daggerdale.

 Iakhovas, He Who Swims with Sekolah, instigator of the Twelfth Sers war,

finds an artifact in the long-ruined undersea coral city of Coryselmal and uses

it to shatter a large section of the Sharksbane Wall [656, 1370]. The explosion

destroys the sea elf city of Akhanmyr, seat of those who defended the Wall

against the sahuagin, and breaches the Wall, freeing the sea devils so long

penned east of it to swim west, marauding in the rest of the Inner Sea.

 The cambion (half tanarri/half human) Vheod Runechild escapes from

the Abyss to Toril. Soon after, he embarks on a quest to rid the Dalelands of

a powerful demon lord, the tanarri balor Chareen.

 The armies set upon Zhentil Keep by Cyric [1368, 1371] remain entrenched

around the besieged city. Lord Orgauth rallies the troops that remain and

assumes control of the Keep with no opposition.

 Increased  eastward  trade  inspires  merchants  from  other  countries  to

establish outposts in Rashemen. One group of settlers is made up of shield

dwarves. The local Rashemi welcome the dwarves after testing their ability

to forge, fight, and drink.

149

THE PRESENT AGE

 Surviving daemonfey of House Dlardrageth [4500, 1374], from the destruc-

tion of Hellgate Keep, are freed after millennia of imprisonment.

 The Twisted Rune [1333], through its agent Shyressa, fails to take over Zerith

Hold in Erlkazar. Shyressa is defeated by Lord Purdun, Liam, and Ryder.

 End  of  the  Twelfth  Sers  War:  The  Nantarn  Feasts  collect  the  allied

races at Myth Nantar [1358] to celebrate the end of the Twelfth Sers War.

To the surprise of many, the Dukar Orders make themselves known to Sers

for the first time in over six hundred years. Numerous shalarins, morkoths,

sea elves, and some surface-world immigrants join the Dukars to become the

peacekeepers of Myth Nantar and the Nantarn Alliance.

 The  Reclamation  Wars  of  Tethyr  end  with  the  coronation  of  Tethyrs

Queen-Monarch Zaranda [1368, 1370] and King Haedrak III.

 Trade  between  Faern  and  Maztica  is  hampered  by  attacks  from  sea

creatures.

 The island known as the Ship of the Gods explodes. Tidal waves swamp

Alaor  [1358,  1370]  and  Bezantur  [135,  1370],  causing  much  destruction.

Mulhorand briefly seizes Alaor.

 Halasters Higharvestide: The Twisted Rune abducts Halaster Blackcloak

from  Undermountain.  The  Mad  Mages  wards  are  disrupted,  releasing  all

manner of monsters through Waterdeeps streets.

 The  Skulls  attack  and  destroy  Shradin  Mulophor  [1184],  now  deprived

of  Halasters  protection,  and  become  the  undisputed  masters  of  Skullport

[1174].

 Increased trade along the Golden Way [1368] prompts western nations to

establish trading outposts in Almorel [280] and Kourmira [1367, 1374].

 New Waterdeep is razed to the ground by Kultakan raiders. Refugees flee

north to Trythosford [1365]. Waterdeep is unable to send aid due to continued

sahuagin attacks during the Deepwater War.

 The  Abraxus  Affair  sees  King  Azoun  IV  [1360,  1371]  narrowly  escape

an attempt on his life and the exile of elements of the Bleth and Cormaeril

noble families from Cormyr. Refounding of the Fire Knives assassins guild

in Westgate [1368, 1370].

 The death of Ghellin, king-in-exile of the Iron House of Tethyamar [1364],

sees leadership of this dwarf ruling family pass to his twin sons Tasster and

Teszter.

 The  female  old  blue  dragon  Araugauthos  the  Bluetalon  escapes  from

Undermountain during Halasters Higharvestide. After slaying a great wyrm

red dragon that laired near Citadel Amnur and claiming his hoard, she flies

south to rejoin her mother Iryklathagra [1362].

1370 DR Year of the Tankard

The Manshoon Wars: Fzoul Chembryl [1369, 1374] slays Manshoon and purges

the Zhentarim of Manshoons supporters, giving him control over most of the

organization. Several clones of Manshoon awake at the same time and create

havoc throughout Faern. Fzoul forges the Scepter of the Tyrants Eye.

 The Shaking Plague: An often fatal, little-understood affliction known in

far southern and eastern lands that breaks out rarely and is highly contagious

for about a tenday after onset. It causes the afflicted to go pale and to shake

uncontrollably,  making  many  tasks  difficult  or  impossible.  Most  victims

recover after some months, and thereafter are less susceptible; others spasm

so  badly  that  lungs  cannot  function  and  internal  bodily  fluids  choke  and

flood, causing death. The doom in Scardale was its first known outbreak

in Faern proper.

 The Underdark city of Fluvenilstra [630] is attacked and razed by a derro

horde.

 Trade between the sea folk of the Sea of Fallen Stars and ports along the

Inner Sea increases sharply in the aftermath of a great undersea war.

 Although the Red Wizards [1369, 1371] withdraw from the Umber Marshes,

the battle is not over. As autumn falls, undead creatures trapped in the swamp

claw their way out of the thickening muck. Without the leadership of the

Thayans, they wander about aimlessly to this day, hurling themselves upon

the Watchwall [1369].

 Pandorym [1374], an ancient, sentient Imaskari weapon, partially escapes

his imprisonment and begins using the people of Vaelan [1049, 1371] to free

himself entirely.

 The treants of Tall Trees, led by Turlang the Thoughtful, seal off Hell-

gate Keep [1369] from Silverymoon [1367] and begin reforesting the upper

Delimbiyr.

 Sufontis, the ailing Pasha of Calimport, dies, leaving various predators and

heirs to fight over his estate.

 A group of adventurers enter Clymph Tower [890] with the aim of destroy-

ing its demons. They are never heard from again.

 With  Cordells  permission,  Lord  Drakosa,  a  minor  Calishite  noble  of

Memnon, goes upriver past Qoral and establishes another plantation colony,

Drakmul.

 The  first  Durpari  merchant  ships  return  from  Maztica  with  trade

goods.

 Governor-General Cordell [1366, 1371] is attacked in his bed chamber by

a jaguar knight wielding forged-metal claws like a Malar-priest. The knight

escapes once he knows the assassination attempt has failed. No attempts to

track him are successful.

 New Amn founds the frontier outpost of Fort Tussin along its western

frontier.

 A secret alliance is exposed between Hillsfar [1357, 1374] and Sembia.

 Thay attempts to invade Rashemen by crossing Lake Mulsantir on magi-

cally crafted boats, but a storm created by the hathrans dashes the Thayan

vessels against the southern shore.

 The orc hordes of King Obould Many-Arrows [1371] swarm out of the

Underdark and lay siege to Mithral Hall [1358].

 Direct trade opens between Cormyr, Myth Nantar, Naramyr, and Eadraal

as the surface-worlders send down sculpture and pickled fruits, while the sea

folk send up raw coral, gold bars, and other items lost to the sea bottom.

 First conflicts with surface-world people occur as Thayvian wizards hunt

the deep for the forces responsible for the damage to their city of Bezantur

[1369]. They seek Iakhovas and believe anything undersea that does not help

them must be harboring the enemy.

 The  relatively  shallow  Pythan  Trench  has  rumbled  with  aftershocks  of

the destruction of the Sharksbane Wall [1369], and its bottom now abruptly

falls away. This rending reveals waters beneath that are seemingly filled with

sunlight. Many sahuagin in colonies on the sides of the Trench are displaced,

since they cannot stand the light. The agitated sea devils attack all non-sahua-

gin they see, preventing investigation of the Light Below.

 Queen Zaranda of Tethyr gives birth to triplets, named Princess Sybille,

Prince Coram, and Princess Cyriana.

 The Knights of the Black Gauntlet [1362] of Mintar seize the town of

Kzelter [7717] in far southeastern Tethyr. Tethyrs armies regroup in Ithal

Pass [1130].

 Thay retakes Alaor [1369] from Mulhorand and rebuilds its shipyards and

settlements with the aid of epic magic.

 Thay sets up enclaves in Westgate [1369] and Selgaunt.

 The Harpers of Twilight Hall [1369] in Berdusk put Khelben [1369, 1371]

on trial. Blackstaff admits his guilt and resigns from the Harpers. Soon after,

he forms the Tel Teukiira, an organization that has common goals with the

Harpers but is under the firm direction of the Blackstaff.

 The Lady Swan, a merchant vessel out of Telflamm carrying goods from

Shou Lung, is attacked by the halfling pirate Brin [1373]. Only Fa Pan, one

of the spirit folk, survives the attack.

 The cities of Riatavin and Trailstone in Amn rebel and petition Tethyr to

join that country as cities and potential counties. Queen Zaranda [1369] of

Tethyr accepts their petition and makes them Tethyrian.

 An unwitting pawn of Malar releases the dread mohrg Borran Klosk [1150]

from his long imprisonment beneath the Temple of the Trembling Flower in

Alaghn. Borran Klosk summons to his aid an army of drowned ones from the

150

THE PRESENT AGE

Whamite Isles to sack Alaghn. Haarn Brightoak and the Emerald Enclave

[1150] come to Alaghns aid then as Klosk seeks to activate Tarakeths Hive,

an artifact that would destroy the ecology of Turmish for centuries.

 The  deity  Velsharoon  shifts  his  allegiance  from  Talos  to  Azuth  and  is

shielded from the Destroyers wrath by the deities Azuth and Mystra.

1371 DR Year of the Unstrung Harp

Orc  chieftain  Obould  [1370,  1372]  and  his  horde  claim  the  mountainous

region north of the Evermoors and west of the Moonwood as the Kingdom

of Dark Arrows.

 League of the Silver Marches: To counter the rise of Oboulds Kingdom

of Dark Arrows and thwart future evils of the North, High Lady Alustriel

[1361, 1372] of Silverymoon gathers the leaders of the region to council. From

Old Delzoun, the Moonlands, and the Rauvin Vale come elf, human, and

dwarf lords to seek answers to their common troubles. Out of that oft-stormy

meeting comes the High Ladys Alliance, a confederation of city-states known

as the League of the Silver Marches.

 Evereska, one of the last remaining elf strongholds in Faern, is besieged

by hordes of phaerimms [464, 1372] and their thralls.

 Khelben Arunsun [1370, 1374] leads an elf relief army from Waterdeep that

becomes trapped in Evereska after failing to raise the siege there. An army

drawn from the members of the Lords Alliance and led by Laeral Silverhand-

Arunsun [1361, 1372] also marches for Evereska in the last days of this year

to aid Khelbens troops, but does not arrive for several months.

 Shaliim  is  crowned  Overking  of  Lapaliiya  [1260]  after  his  aged  father

dies of heartstop.

 HCalos the Star Worm [600] is awakened from its centuries-long hiberna-

tion beneath the city of Ixtzul in Maztica. The beast spends the next month

ravaging the ancient city before moving northward. HCalos destroys every-

thing in its path until he reaches the city of Maju fourteen weeks later. Maju

is left in ruins a month later, and HCalos turns eastward. Two weeks later

the Star Worm rampages through the village of Coxi. HCalos then burrows

under Chuapli Forest, emerging in the city of Patil. There the Star Worm is

finally engaged and defeated by the Golden Legion under the command of

Captain Alanza DaNosta.

 Following the defeat of HCalos, Captain Alanza DaNosta returns com-

mand of the Golden Legion back to Cordell [1370] and founds a colony along

the eastern coast at the mouth of the Bay of Coxi.

 Mulhorand invades Unther, beginning the Third Mulhorand Empire.

 War breaks out in Amn as an army of humanoids led by two ogre mages

allies with the local priesthood of Cyric to bring devastation to the realm.

Establishment of the Sothillisian Empire in Amn.

 The army of the Rotting Man [1362, 1373] overruns Dun-Tharos, driving

the Nentyarch into exile at Yeshelmaar.

 Thydrim Yvarrg, Iron Lord of Rashemen, is slain by a Thayan assassin.

Rather than raising him from the dead, the witches opt to replace him with

Volas Dyervolk, whom they feel will chafe less under their guidance.

l

e

k

n

i

w

h

o

V

z

n

a

r

F

y

b

n

o

i

t

a

r

t

s

u

l

l

I

 At the command of Triel Baenre of Menzoberranzan  [1362, 1372], the

svirfneblin city of Blingdenstone [1338] is destroyed.

 Forces from the Scoured Legion [1373], an army of tanarruk led by the

cambion/half-fiend Kaanyr Vhok, secure Northpeak.

 The Trial of Cyric the Mad: Cyric [1369, 1373] is accused of innocence

by reason of insanity, thereby failing in his divine duty to spread strife and

discord. Cyric hears the True Life of Cyric and thus regains his sanity. A tri-

bunal of greater deities finds the Black Sun guilty of his crimes, but allows

him to keep his divine status.

 Evermeet [1368, 1373] is attacked by rebel gold elves led by Kymil

Nymesin [1361], drow, and the Malar-unleashed Elf-Eater [1365], but

succeeds  in  defeating  its  foes

with great loss. The Towers

of  the  Sun  and  Moon

are destroyed, and many

High Mages are slain.

 The Red Wizards [1370, 1374] begin to funnel gold and magic into Unther

to oppose the Mulhorandi conquest.

 The High Council of Durpar votes to relocate the capital of Durpar to

Vaelan [1369].

 The  Fifth  Shalarin  Passing:  Shalarins  are  once  again  swept

out of the Sea of Corynactis and into the Sea of Fallen Stars.

This fifth and final passing results in a permanent portal

between the two seas. The shalarins of Asarem and the

new arrivals endeavor to keep the existence of the portal

quiet  as  possible,  fearing  the  repercussions  to  both

communities  if  word  of  its  existence  gets  out  to

other folk of Faern.

 Prince  Lamruil  of

Evermeet,  his

human consort

Maura  Silver-

hand (daughter of

Laeral Silverhand),

and  their  followers

travel to the far north-

ern  reaches  of  Faern  to

establish a hidden city called Ause-

riel. They bring the Tree of Souls

[17600,  1373]  with  them,

given to them by the princes

mother,  Queen  Amlaruil  of

Evermeet, intending to plant it at the

heart of a new refuge for the Fair Folk

once the city begins to flourish.

 The zulkirs of Thay, tired of incessant

battles  with  Aglarond,  offer  peace.  The

Simbul [1367] accepts with reservations.

 Nalavatoryl  the  Devil  Dragon  leads  an

army of orcs and goblins and despoils much

of  Cormyr.  The  dragon  and  King  Azoun

IV [1369] slay each other in battle,

leaving  the  infant  heir

Azoun  V  on  Cormyrs

throne.

 In the interval between the Fourth Passing and

the Fifth Passing, the Corynactisian shalarins all

but abandoned their ancient deities, who had grown

silent. The cult of Dagon is now

the predominant religion in

the Sea of Corynactis, and

those  shalarins  opposed

to  its  burgeoning  influ-

ence  were  largely  swept

up  by  the  Fifth  Passing

and  deposited  in  Sers.

Once the Sersian shalar-

ins realize the danger, they

largely  cut  off  travel

between the two com-

munities. However, the

cult  of  Corynactis,  as

it  is  also  known,  has  already

taken root among their com-

munity, and its ranks continue

to grow in secret among their

number.

Inspired by the Steel Regent, a noble daughter rides to join the Purple Dragons

151

151

THE PRESENT AGE

1372 DR Year of Wild Magic

Hammer 1: Thultanthar [339], the City of Shade [1471], returns to the skies

of Faern, marking the return of the archwizards of Netheril.

1372 Ches 20: Alustriel [1371] travels to Mithral Hall to aid King Bruenor

in  his  efforts  to  fortify  against  further  intrusions  by  Oboulds  [1371]  orc

forces.

Hammer 11: Kern Desanea, son of Tarn and Shal (Heroes of Phlan), recovers

the Warhammer of Tyr [1350]. For assisting with Kerns quest, the legendary

undead Paladin Miltiades is restored to life by Tyr.

Ches 24: Khalia, a Thayan emissary, approaches Mulsantir under the flag

of peace and asks permission to create an enclave. She is refused but allowed

to leave safely.

Midwinter Night: The god Bane returns to Faern, bursting forth from the

skin of Iyachtu Xvim [1369]. With his divinity restored, Bane quickly gains

the portfolio of fear, restoring him to a greater power.

Ches 27: One of the hathrans, the ruling witches among the Wychlaran in

Rashemen, betrays her sisters in a bid for power. She is defeated by the half-elf

1371: A Salute to the Steel Regent

Lusty, handsome, and gallant, King Azoun of Cormyr was beloved by his people. As his reign stretched on for decade after

decade, it began to seem as if he would never dienor even grow old beyond mere whitening of his hair. At last, however, the

Devil Dragon appeared and sought to destroy the realm. Much blood was shed in battle after battle, until at last the strife

ended on a dark and bloody field when dragon rent dragon, and Azoun slew the fell wyrm, only to die of his wounds.

His surviving daughter, Alusair, was proclaimed regent, and the grieving and frightened folk of Cormyr waited to see whether

this so-called Steel Regent would be a wanton or headstrong disaster, a tyrant, or a wise and just ruler.

The following is an excerpt from a chapbook called The Dream of the Dragon, penned by the young bard Elender Stormfall

of Suzail and published late in 1374 DR.

We who were born under the Dragon firmly believe that for

all its faults and disputes, Cormyr is the greatest realm in all

Faern. We are proud to dwell in this green and blessed land

of valiant Purple Dragons, and we would have no other.

Yet most of us alive now have known only one kingAzoun

IV, the Dragon. The Watching Gods willing, we would have no

other. So when he fell fighting for us in the time of Cormyrs

darkest need, the very beating heart was wrenched from us.

We were lostleft standing afraid and bewildered in our own

land. Cormyr was all around us, and had been delivered from

its foesyet Cormyr was gone.

The  days  after  that  last  dark  battle  were  mere  passing

shadows. What mattered our lives now, when our world had

been torn from us? Folk wept, or drank, or stood staring out

over the land, wondering what new horror each dawn would

bring. Nobles cried aloud their grievances and sought to raise

pretenders or councils, or to rule for the infant Azoun V

themselves. Had the high priests of all Suzails temples not

joined together to publicly declare the babe a true Obarskyr,

the dark rumor that he was an impostor thrust forward by

the desperate surviving Obarskyr women would have gathered

thunder. Cormyrean would have been set against Cormyrean,

and we would have been doubly lost.

But who was left to take the throne and restore order until the

youngest Azoun came of age? The Dowager Queen Filfaeril was

widely seen as sharp-tongued and icy-hearted. She was respected for

her regal refinement and breeding, but not much loved. Tanalasta,

the Crown Princess, had long been seen as quiet, educated, and

(if mated to the right loyal consort who could ride to war) fit

for the Dragon Throne. But she had been untimely torn from

this life, leaving only her younger, unfit sister Alusair.

The Princess Alusair was a wild-spirited echo of her father,

all  lust  and  fury.  She  rode  the  realm  fighting  outlaws  and

monsters,  her  sword  out  of  its  scabbard  almost  as  often  as

the young noblemen she rode with were out of their breeches

with her. Cormyreans wondered aloud if she was fit to speak

for the Dragon Throne.

Some still wonder, but they do so in whispers now, behind

closed doors, for dark reasons of their own. The folk of Cormyr,

in  their  fields  and  shop  doorways  and  woodcutting  glades,

wonder no longer.

Alusair, known as the Steel Regent, is everything her father

was and more. The wizard Vangerdahast, who stood behind the

throne like a dark shadow for as long as we can all remember,

has gone. The outlander lass Caladnei who replaced him rules

Alusair not at allthe two are like laughing sisters. The Steel

Regent collects friendsmany friendswho stand behind her

with strength.

Cormyr  died  with  the  Dragon,  but  a  brighter,  renewed

Cormyr has been given back to us now. Alusair has won the

hearts of her people. She rides the realm tirelessly, the way

her  father  did  when  he  was  young,  mantled  in  her  bright

spirit. When she strides into an inn or tavern, her presence

is like a cleansing breeze. The light of hope and joy kindles

in the eyes of those who see her, and they dare to embrace

herthough they would not have been allowed to get within

a dozen paces of her father. Her returned embrace is strong

and wholly meant, and they know it.

It will be years before the boy Azoun takes the throne

years  in  which  foes  of  Cormyr  may  yet  seek  to  slay  him.

But were they to succeed, I think the realm would turn to

Alusair  and  proclaim  her  our  rightful  queen.  Indeed,  the

people would likely stand with her in all matters, out of love

for her and because of the trust and hope we have already

placed in her.

It would be darkest treason to wish the boy king illto

wish that he might never ascend, and that Alusair might rule

us forevermore. So I wish instead that he has the heart and

character of his aunt Alusair, and that he learns well from

her, thereby becoming as worthy of the Dragon Throne as

she now is. The gods grant that if we all dream the same

dreamsand do so oft enough and hard enoughthey just

may come true.

 EG

152

THE PRESENT AGE

bladesinger Taenaran and Marissa, a druid from Cormyr. Marissa becomes

one of the spirits of Rashemen.

1372 Tarsakh 26: The Shadovars trap the phaerimms [1371] surrounding

Evereska with a shadowshell.

Tarsakh 30: Citizens of Neverwinter begin falling ill from a plague later

known as the Wailing Death. Within a few tendays, most inhabitants of the

city are dead or dying.

1372 Mirtul 2: The Talontar blightlords begin mustering a blightspawned

army to crush the Circle of Leth and raze the Great Dale.

Mirtul 15: Shade rescinds its offers of alliance to Waterdeep.

Mirtul 19: Shadovars begin hunting phaerimms living in Myth Drannor.

Mirtul 20: After five months of battling phaerimms and armies of bugbears

and lizardfolk thralls led by beholder and illithid generals, the relief army

led by Laeral Silverhand-Arunsun [1371] and her sister Storm [1355, 1374]

arrives in Evereska.

Mirtul 21:  Galaeron Nihmedu arrives in Cormyr, bearing proof that the

Shadovars are melting the High Ice and crippling the Heartlands.

Mirtul 27: Aware of Cormyrs preparations for an assault on the City of Shade,

the Shadovars gather an army and march on Tilverton [1356, 1373]. During

the  ensuing  battle,  Vangerdahast  [1355]  releases  a  potent  magical  weapon

against  the  Shade  army.  The  interaction  of  this  weapon  with  the  Shadow

Weave releases a spectacular surge of energy that utterly destroys Tilverton.

All that remains of the city is a dark, concave space filled with shadows and

flitting regions of deeper darkness.

1372 Flamerule 1: Wulfgar [1364] returns to Icewind Dale [1351].

Flamerule 7: Akhlaur [1146] and Zalathorm [1357], who owe their long lives

to certain magic they created together in their youth, face off against one

another for control of Halruaa. Zalathorm destroys the red gem around his

neck that houses the last remaining portion of their life-extending magic,

killing them both. Immediately afterward, the survivors of the battle, together

with the Cabala group of elf spirits recently freed from another, larger

gemresurrect Zalathorm.

Flamerule 10: The shadowshell surrounding Evereska fails.

Flamerule  12:  The  Shadowmasters  [1366]  effectively  take  control  of  the

Merchants Council of Telflamm. Few outside the council suspect the extent

of the guilds power.

1372 Eleasias 2: The Shadovars lose the Karsestone when several of Mystras

Chosen  attack  and  damage  Shades  mythallar.  The  enclave  is  temporarily

crippled. Elves and their allies drive the phaerimms out of Evereska in a

tenday, and the citys mythal is restored by months end.

Eleasias 28: Lolth falls silent, denying her followers divine magic. She sepa-

rates her Demonweb Pits from the Abyss and begins to transform herself

into a greater goddess. The Jaezred Chaulssin [1358] take advantage of the

situation, launching attacks on drow-ruled cities throughout the Underdark.

By years end, thanks to their machinations, Menzoberranzan [1371, 1373] has

nearly fallen, Ched Nasad [1233] is destroyed, Eryndlyn falls to followers of

Ghaunadaur and Vhaeraun, and Maerimydra falls (unexpectedly) to followers

of Kiaransalee. Smaller strikes in Dusklyngh, Jhachalkyn, and Karsoluthiyl

weaken the hold of the ruling Matron Mothers and allow male-dominated

merchant houses to gain in influence.

1372 Eleint 23: An army of goblins, ogres, giants, and demons led by Kur-

goth Hellspawn, a half-fiend fire giant, attacks Maerimydra. Although most

of Maerimydras drow are slaughtered or enslaved, small bands of refugees

escape into the surrounding Underdark, known as the Deep Wastes. House

Dhuurniv, which fell into disgrace for forging the Spiders Truce during the

Weeping War, is the only Maerimydran noble house to survive with significant

holdings, since most of them lie outside the city.

1372  Marpenoth  13:  The  first  of  several  demonic  assassins  is  sent  after

Quenthel Baenre.

Marpenoth 14: King Lareth holds a conclave of metallic dragons to discuss

the coming Rage.

Marpenoth 20: A slave rebellion is put down in Menzoberranzan.

Marpenoth 30: Daemonfey occupy Myth Glaurach [864, 1374].

1372 Uktar 3: The drow city of Ched Nasad is destroyed in an attack by duergar

mercenaries hired by House Zauvirr, a drow family seeking to seize power in

the city. In their attack, the duergar use stonefire incendiary bombs, sold to

them by the Jaezred Chaulssin, that burn the webbing supporting the castles

and suspended thoroughfares of the city, causing a general collapse into ruin.

The duergar may well have intended the destruction.

Uktar 15: Kaanyr Vhok the Sceptered One, leads the Scoured Legion [1371]

in a siege against Menzoberranzan with the secret backing of the Jaezred

Chaulssin.

Feast  of  the  Moon:  The  Great  Seal  is  broken,  ending  millennia  of  Deep

Imaskar [799] isolation. The Deep Imaskari dispatch their most trustworthy

and secretive spies into the outer world.

Feast of the Moon: Volcanic eruptions in the Smoking Mountains bury the

Citadel of Black Ash [1359] under lava.

1373 DR Year of Rogue Dragons

Hammer 1: The lich Sammaster [1285] completes his transformation of the

Dracorage mythal [25000], precipitating a Rage of Dragons independent of

the appearance of the King-Killer Star in the heavens.

Hammer 8: The Shou traveler Kuang Li Chien arrives in the port city of

Spandeliyon seeking information on a one-eyed hin named Brin [1370].

Hammer 14: Aided by the bard Tychoben Arisaenn, Li Chien confronts Brin

and his thugs as well as two Red Wizards seeking to acquire the Yellow Silk

of Kuang, a minor artifact from faraway Shou Lung.

Hammer 23: Ylraphon, a settlement on the Dragon Reach, is destroyed by

a Flight of Dragons.

1373 Alturiak 11: Erevis Cale [1348] and the family of House Uskevren are

trapped in the otherworldly Land of Stormweather.

1373 Ches 3: Seeking to combat the Pharaoh of Mulhorand and the rising

influence of Bane in Unther, High Priest Zimrilim uses the Alabaster Staff

to animate the preserved corpse of the God-King Gilgeam.

Ches 12: Infernal abishai serving a cell of the Cult of the Dragon [1365] burn

down Nightwind Academy in Lyrabar.

Ches 15: Around this time, merchants of the Shining Lands travel as far

as Waterdeep, the Utter East, Zakhara, and Maztica to procure wares for

other markets.

Ches 28: Lolths silence ends. Halisstra Melarn, Lolths Lady Penitent, begins

harrying the surface-dwelling drow of the Darkwoods, Eastern Fringe, and

Velarswood. The Jaezred Chaulssin move to cement their control over the

ruins of Ched Nasad.

Ches 30: The Scoured Legion withdraws its troops, and the siege of Menzo-

berranzan [1372] ends.

1373 Tarsakh 1: Granted an audience with the Council of Lords, the avariel

Maestro Taegan Nightwind informs the Regent-Queen Sambryl [1363, 1374]

and her ministers of a Cult of the Dragon cell in the city of Lyrabar and of

a lair within the Grey Forest.

Tarsakh 5: Narlgathra, a red wyrm, emerges from the ruins of Myth Dran-

nor and flies south to attack Tangled Trees. The summertime inhabitants

are slaughtered, leaving only a handful of survivors to be discovered by far

wandering inhabitants upon their return.

Tarsakh 12: The Zhentarim garrison of Elmwood and three war galleys are

destroyed by a band of dragon hunters.

Tarsakh 12: An Impilturan army sent into the Grey Forest is routed when an

allied bronze dragon incites the Rage in the armys dragon allies.

Tarsakh 16: With the assistance of the spirit dragon Vorasaegha, the army

of Impiltur successfully assaults and destroys a lair of the Cult of the Dragon

in the Grey Forest.

153

THE PRESENT AGE

Tarsakh 17: The great black wyrm Zarlandris emerges from Glaun Bog and

attacks  the  town  of  Highmoon.  After  a  desperate  battle,  the  dragon  dies

amid the rubble of the Tower of the Rising Moon. Lord Theremen Ulath

vows to rebuild.

Tarsakh  18:  Lantana  missionaries  from  the  Church  of  Gond  establish  a

temple on the largest isle of the Green Sisters. The priests name the island

St. Ippen, in honor of a great hero of their faith, and begin construction of

the Great Lighthouse.

Greengrass: Ever a hardy and pragmatic people, Cormyran peasants begin to

build a new town a few miles away from the shadowy crater that marks the

grave of Tilverton [1372].

1373 Mirtul 2: Sammaster raises an army of orcs and giants in Vaasa by

pretending to be the Witch-King [1359] reborn. The army takes the Bloodstone

gates and floods into Damara.

Mirtul 2: Auseriel comes under concerted attack by a family of white dragons

led by the great wyrm Harashnalthyn. At Mauras insistence, Prince Lamruil

returns the Tree of Souls [1371] to Evermeet [1371, 1374], while the princess

and their remaining followers provide a valiant rearguard defense.

Mirtul 3: King Gareth Dragonsbane [1359] leads an army against the mon-

strous horde but falls when he is betrayed by Cult of the Dragon members in

his ranks. Gareths soul is trapped on the Plane of Shadow.

Mirtul 4: Prince Lamruil returns to Auseriel in the company of an elite

band of elf knights. They find the hidden city abandoned and the corpses of

a dozen white wyrms, but no trace of Princess Maura or her rearguard. The

prince vows to rebuild the settlement, while continuing to search for a trace

of his vanished wife.

Mirtul 7: The Rotting Man [1371] is driven out of Dun-Tharos at the center

of the Rawlinswood Forest by a servitor of Larue the Unicorn Queen. How-

ever, this struggle catalyzes previously quiescent demons beneath the ruins

toward fell wakefulness.

Mirtul 12: With the aid of sea elves and the alaghi druid Arbeenok, Vam-

bran Matrell recovers the Emerald Scepter from the sunken ruins of the

Jhaamdath capital of Naarkolyth.

Mirtul  17:  Kaanyr  Vhok  and  the  Scoured  Legion  besiege  Sundabar.  The

siege collapses and the Scoured Legion fractures after the cambion and his

consort, Aliisza, depart for the Elemental Plane of Fire by way of a portal

beneath the city.

Mirtul 22: The great green wyrm Sirvinhandra, thought dead for centuries,

emerges from a hidden lair in the Dun Hills and lays siege to the Abbey of

the Just Hammer. After inflicting great devastation, the dragon is laid low

by Lord High Justiciar High Avenger Deren Eriach.

Mirtul 25: The Monastery of the Yellow Rose [1242] is besieged by a score

of chromatic dragons.

1373 Kythorn 3: Aided by Zulkir Szass Tam [1369, 1375], Thazienne Uskev-

ren  unwittingly  releases  Eltab  [1367]  from  his  imprisonment  beneath  the

Thaymount. Wielding the Crimson Gold, Tazi and her companions confront

the tanarri lord and his army of Blooded Ones. In defeat, Eltab is magically

transported to the Citadel of Conjurers in Impiltur by ancient bindings cast

upon him by wizards of Narfell over one thousand years ago.

Kythorn 11: Dark Sister Sefris Uuthrakt, a Disciple of the Dark Moon, arrives

in the Border Kingdoms city of Oeble in search of the Black Bouquet, a tome

of great importance to the Lady of Loss.

Kythorn 23: Beginning at this time, a plague known as the Pox ravages the

human population of Hlondeth.

Kythorn 25: Brimstone, a former servant of Sammaster, travels to the Plane

of Shadow with a group of paladins and dragon slayers and successfully releases

Gareth Dragonbanes soul.

1373 Flamerule 8: Kara and Dorn travel to the hidden valley of the metallic

dragons in the Galena Mountains. King Lareth succumbs to the Rage and is

reluctantly slain by Tamarand.

Flamerule  9:  Construction  of  the  Great  Lighthouse  of  St.  Ippen  is

completed.

Flamerule 11: Metallic dragons leave their refuge in the Galenas and suc-

cessfully rout the dragons besieging the Monastery of the Yellow Rose. King

Gareth leads the Damarans to victory against the orc and giant army.

1373 Eleasias 1: Yuan-ti purebloods begin infiltrating St. Uzurr in an effort

to assassinate its abbot.

Eleasias 7: Thraxata the Flamefiend sets fires across Battledale that consume

large swaths of woodlands.

Eleasias 20: Shadovar agents recover The Leaves of One Night, a Sharran

text that could be used to summon the Shadowstorm, an apocalyptic event

that could raise Shar above the other gods. [684, 1374]

1373 Eleint 4: The site of its previous settlement still under Kultakan control,

the colony of New Waterdeep is resettled on nearby Maztapan Island.

1373 Marpenoth 12: A strange beast begins stalking the villagers of New

Tilverton by night, dragging them away from their homes and leaving their

maimed bodies on the road to the site of old Tilverton [1372].

Marpenoth 26: One of the larger rocks comprising the Tears of Selne inex-

plicably moves much closer to Toril, causing a total solar eclipse over much

of the Inner Sea. This rogue tear remained motionless over Toril for nearly

a day before plummeting again. As it entered the atmosphere, Selnes tear

separated into five large chunks, each cutting a flaming path through the sky.

Those chunks then broke apart into thousands of smaller pieces. This event,

witnessed by tens of thousands, became known as the Rain of Fire and was

seen as an ill omen by many.

1373 Uktar 13: Verthandantalynx, a green wyrm lairing in the depths of

Cormanthor west of Myth Drannor, succumbs to the Rage and attacks the

village of Trenahess, leaving it in ruins.

Uktar 13: Blackwill Haarken Akhmelere, using the ancient Calishite arti-

fact known as the Golden Lamp of Samesaj, repairs the eastern tower and

rebuilds the western tower of the Twin Towers of the Eclipse, thereby erasing

any evidence of the affront to Cyric [1371, 1374] caused by the actions of

Iryklathagra during the Rage of Dragons and the mysterious being known

as the Sojourner.

1373 Nightal 1: The great red dragon Tchazzar [1018] materializes above

the Bay of Chessenta, returned to life and to Toril by the will of Tiamat. He

wreaks havoc on the battling fleets of Cimbar and Soorenar and then flies

away to hunt and slay or drive off other dragons active in Chessenta.

Nightal 6: Sammaster is destroyed, and the Rage comes to an end. The end

of the elven High Magic that caused the dragon rage also releases the great

platinum dragon Bahamut from his ancient prison. Bahamut reappears in

Celestia, and soon invades Tiamats demesne in the domain known as the

Dragon Eyrie.

Nightal 28: Tchazzar appears in the skies above Cimbar in Chessenta and

swiftly overpowers its defenders, installing himself in the Palace of the Scep-

tenar and establishing his absolute rule over the city.

1374 DR Year of Lightning Storms

Faern is beset by great lightning strikes the length and breadth of the con-

tinent. At least some of those lightning strikes mark the impact points of an

unusual year-long rain of meteors. In a series of visions, Bahamut and Tiamat

instruct their respective followers to seek out such sites, for each contains some

form of draconic egg within.

Hammer 18: Daemonfey attack Tower Reilloch in Evermeet [1373] and steal

part of the Gatekeeper crystal.

1374  Alturiak  16:  After  gathering  the  final  piece  of  the  artifact,  Sarya

Dlardrageth [1369] uses the Gatekeeper crystal to free the feyri imprisoned

within the Nameless Dungeon [1356].

Alturiak 17: House Dlardrageth leads an attack on shades in the ruins of

Karse [883].

1374 Ches 1: The daemonfey lead an army of orcs and ogres from Myth

Glaurach to attack elf villages of the High Forest.

Ches 4: After years of provocation, the Grand Dukes of Baldurs Gate recruit

Dabron Sashenstar to break the Iron Throne. They provide him with intel-

154

THE PRESENT AGE

ligence suggesting that a Sembian merchant named Reiltar, believed to be

behind the Iron Thrones effort to spark a war between Amn and Baldurs

Gate, is wintering in a newly purchased mansion outside of Daerlun.

Ches 8: A branch of the fey`ri army marches southeast to assault Evereska.

Mirtul 9: The Red Wizards [1371] open a merchant enclave in Kourmira

[1369], a Tuigan city in the Endless Wastes.

Mirtul  10:  Scyllua  Darkhope  learns  of  the  feyri  presence  in  Myth

Drannor.

Ches 10: Seiveril Miritar resigns from the ruling council of Evermeet and

declares his intention to lead a volunteer army to assist Evereska.

Mirtul 11: Dabron Sashenstar leads a widely heralded caravan bearing iron

weapons east from Baldurs Gate.

Ches 12: Agents of House Sashenstar abduct Reiltar from his winter manse

in Daerlun and bring him back to Baldurs Gate.

Mirtul 13: Lady Sarya Dlardrageth, matron of House Dlardrageth, summons

Malkizid [30000], an exiled archdevil, to Myth Drannor.

Ches  15:  Selunites  from  Hydcont  Abbey  attack  the  western  tower  of  the

Eternal Eclipse but are repulsed.

Ches 16: Troops from Seiverils Crusade begin to arrive in Evereska.

Ches 19: Reiltar is revealed to be an alias for Richtar the Red Man, one

of the senior commanders of the Iron Throne. Clerics of Waukeen in the

employ of House Sashenstar interrogate Richtar and learn the history behind

the Iron Thrones founding.

Ches 20: Seiveril resurrects Fflar Shardrow Melruth.

Ches 28: Lathanders church in Telpir issues edicts that support the Risen

Sun heresy.

1374 Tarsakh 1: After consulting with the Grand Dukes of Baldurs Gate,

Dabron meets secretly with the adventurer Tuth, thought to be a prominent

member of the Knights of the Shield. The order is a secret society of informa-

tion brokers active in the South that is said to be led by an archdevil.

Tarsakh 12: In the wake of a failed assault on Evereska, the half-fiend gold

elves  of  House  Dlardrageth  returns  to  Myth  Drannor,  accompanied  by  a

legion of feyri liberated from the Nameless Dungeon.

Tarsakh 15: After consulting with the other members of the Shield Council,

Tuth  meets  again  with  Dabron.  The  Knights  of  the  Shield  agree  to  have

Sfena removed from the Realms in exchange for lucrative trade concessions

in Baldurs Gates struggling colony of Balduran in northern Maztica.

Tarsakh 16: The Knights of the Shield inform their divine patron, Gargauth

the Outcast, of Sfenas desperate straits. Enjoying the opportunity to tweak

his old nemesis, Gargauth [1018] has Sfena brought to his infernal domain.

The former archdevil plans to eventually offer to trade Sfena to Asmodeus

in exchange for some priceless treasure, but for now she is left to languish in

the depths of the Hidden Lords dungeons.

Tarsakh 16: Daelegoth Orndeir recovers the Shard of the Sun, a holy relic

of Amaunator.

Tarsakh 19: The elven Crusade arrives in Myth Glaurach.

Tarsakh 19: Pandorym [1370] is reimprisoned by Ususi, Iahn, and Kiril.

Tarsakh 21: The remaining leaders of the Iron ThroneKraskosh, Maready,

Hogley, Seecher, and Skittmeet in secret beneath a warehouse in Ordulin.

Although they vow to continue operating as a merchant company, tensions

fill the air, and the effects of Sfenas geas spells begin to fade.

Tarsakh 29: Word spreads through the Caravan Cities that the Merchants

League is sponsoring a large caravan that will ferry steel weapons and armor

from Baldurs Gate to Hillsfar. The size and nature of the caravan, coupled

with widespread rumormongering, make it clear that the caravan is meant

as a deliberate provocation to the Iron Throne.

Tarsakh 30: Agents of the Merchants League are assassinated nigh simul-

taneously in Scornubel, Irieabor, and Arabel by assassins in the employ of

the Iron Throne.

1374 Mirtul 2: Fzoul Chembryl [1370, 1375], Tyrant of the Moonsea, learns

of Sfenas abduction by chance during an exchange of information with a

summoned pit fiend.

Mirtul 6: House Dlardrageths legions destroy the Morninglords temple in

Myth Drannor, killing most of the clerics, although a few escape through

a portal.

Mirtul 6: Daelegoth Orndeir casts a miracle spell in Elversult, calling on his

god to break the drought that afflicts much of Faern. Elversult begins to

receive abundant rainfall and perfect weather.

Mirtul 19: Araevin Teshurr and his adventuring companions uncover the

portal network Sarya used to move her army from the ruins of Myth Glau-

rach, her bastion near the High Forest, to Myth Drannor.

Mirtul  22:  Scyllua  Darkhope  begins  preparations  to  march  a  Zhentarim

army south to Ylash.

Mirtul 24: Lord Seiveril Miritar of Elion, leader of the Crusade from Ever-

meet that rescued Evereska, convenes a Council of War in the ruins of Myth

Glaurach [1372]. The commanders of the Crusade agree to travel by way of

the portal network discovered by Araevin to Semberholme [619] in hopes of

defeating House Dlardrageth once and for all.

Mirtul 28: By the shore of Lake Sember, Seiveril revives the Dales Compact

[1] with Battledale, Deepingdale, Mistledale, and Shadowdale.

1374  Kythorn  1:  The  Crusade  marches  north  toward  Mistledale  and

Shadowdale.

Kythorn 4: House Dlardrageth establishes an alliance with Hillsfar [1370] and

Sembia. Hillsfar begins mustering an army to send south down the Moonsea

Ride to Mistledale and Battledale. Sembia recruits a mercenary army to send

north along Rauthauvyrs Road through Featherdale and Tasseldale.

Kythorn  7:  Zhent  troops  from  Darkhold  ambush  Dabrons  caravan  as  it

enters the pass through the Sunset Mountains east of Hluthvar. The attack

is repelled, but the caravan is forced to retreat to Hluthvar.

Kythorn 9: Rumors spread that four leaders of the Iron Throne have been

assassinated by agents of the Black Network.

Kythorn 10: Dabrons caravan leaves Hluthvar, heading for Irieabor. The

Tyrant of the Moonsea issues a proclamation in which he claims that all

trade in the instruments of tyranny is the sole province of the church of

Bane. This is widely interpreted as a move by the Zhentarim to seize control

of the weapons and arms trade in the Heartlands at the expense of the Iron

Throne.

Kythorn 12: Hillsfar allies with Zhentil Keep. The Black Network agrees to

invade Daggerdale and Shadowdale.

Kythorn 16: Sembias mercenaries cross Blackfeather Bridge and occupy Battle-

dale. Several Princes of Shade attack Daelegoth Orndeir and his congregation.

Despite heavy casualties, the Shades are driven off and Daelegoth performs a

second miracle, raising the dead and healing the wounded.

Kythorn 16: Disaster is narrowly avoided in Chult, where the serpent god

Sseth is nearly allowed to escape from his prison on the Abyss and onto the

Prime Material Plane.

Kythorn 17: Dabrons caravan is attacked by Zhentilar troops while crossing

the Bridge of Fallen Men. The Black Networks troops are driven off at a

heavy cost.

Kythorn  20:  Thamalon  Uskevren  II  is  elected  Hulorn,  Lord  Mayor  of

Selgaunt.

Kythorn 21: Hillsfar reneges on its alliance with House Dlardrageth.

Kythorn 23: After weeks of skirmishing and delays, Dabrons caravan finally

reaches Arabel.

Kythorn 24: The Crusade routs Scyllua Darkhopes army, forcing it to retreat

to Ylash.

Kythorn 24: Agents of the Iron Throne attack the Merchants League ware-

house in Arabel but are roundly defeated.

155

THE PRESENT AGE

Kythorn 25: In Arabel, Dabron Sashenstar publicly proclaims, In the name of

the Merchants League and House Sashenstar, I declare that the Iron Throne is

sundered. He also rejects the Zhentarim bid for control of the weapons trade,

saying, Ill grant that the scepter and the fist are instruments of tyranny,

but the keen edge of a sharp blade is as much an instrument of freedom as

it is the heavy boot of tyranny. Given the ongoing hostilities beneath the

boughs of Cormanthor, Dabron decides to take advantage of the unexpected

situation and sell his wares in Arabel. The master of House Sashenstar begins

entertaining bids from quartermasters working on behalf of the armies of

Hillsfar, Sembia, Zhentil Keep, and Seiverils Crusade.

Kythorn 26: House Dlardrageth attacks the city of Hillsfar and Hillsfars

army based at the Standing Stone [700]. The First Lords tower is destroyed,

but Maalthiir escapes.

1374 Flamerule 3: House Dlardrageth breaks Hillsfars army at the Stand-

ing Stone, forcing it to flee back to Hillsfar. Sembias army begins to dissolve

under repeated assault by the legions of House Dlardrageth.

Flamerule 12: High Priests of Waterdeep, Marsember, and Ordulin declare that

the Risen Sun is heresy and warns Daelegoth that he risks excommunication.

The western tower of the Eclipse falls to the Army of Three Stars.

Flamerule  21:  House  Dlardrageth  destroys  the  Standing  Stone  and  allies

with House Jaelre.

Flamerule 29: Reports spread through Amn and Murann that the ancient

dwarf  realm  of  Xothaerin  is  home  to  a  large  colony  of  stingers,  strange

humanscorpion centaurlike hybrids.

Midsummer: Sunlord Daelegoth Orndeir, leader of the Risen Sun heresy, calls

his faithful to Elversult to witness the first sign of Amaunators ascension. The

sunlord then casts Amaunators eternal sun, which brings forth a second sun

that never sets over the city of Elversult. Word spreads quickly across Faern,

and would-be converts begin showing up at the doors of the Morninglords

temples, seeking to convert to the church of Amaunator.

Midsummer: The city of Murann and settlements all along the Trade Way

from the Cloud Peaks to the Wealdath come under attack by stingers emerg-

ing from newly constructed sinkholes that lead down into the Underdark. The

leaders of the stingers are said to employ giant-sized magic weapons and armor

and demand repayment of all treasure plundered from far-off Maztica.

1374 Eleasias 5: Emissaries of the Crusade reach a truce with the Sembians.

House Dlardrageth launches a raid against the Crusade encampment at Sem-

berholme, but is repulsed.

Eleasias 6: Zhentil Keeps army crushes the Hillsfar garrison at Ylash.

Eleasias  9:  House  Jaelre  attacks  the  Sembian  and  elf  delegations  in  Tas-

seldale; all three groups suffer casualties. Maalthiir decamps from Hillsfar,

destination unknown.

Eleasias 10: The Zhentilar invade Hillsfars western territories.

Eleasias 11: The Crusade allies with Sembia against House Dlardrageth.

Eleasias 17: The Crusade battles the legions of House Dlardrageth in the

Vale of Lost Voices. The Zhentilar besiege Hillsfar. Fzoul issues his terms to

Hardil Gearas, High Warden of Hillsfar.

Eleasias 18: Malkizid is banished. House Dlardrageth retreats from the Vale

of Lost Voices. Hillsfar capitulates to the army of Zhentil Keep.

Eleasias 20: The Crusade surrounds Myth Drannor.

Eleasias 22: The Crusade overruns Myth Drannor, and House Dlardrageth

falls. A handful of feyri escape. Seiveril Miritar is slain.

Eleasias 27: Fzoul Chembryl meets in secret with Jezz the Lame of House

Jaelre and representatives of the Auzkovyn Clan. The three groups agree to

work in concert to destroy the Fair Folk before they can truly reestablish

Myth Drannor.

Eleasias  29:  Fzoul  Chembryl  orders  Scyllua  Darkhope  to  seize  control  of

the Moonsea Ride by establishing a series of fortifications along the road

south from Hillsfar.

1374 Eleint 3: Skirmishes erupt along the Moonsea Ride between the Zhen-

tarim and Myth Drannor. Masked drow support the Black Network with

targeted assassinations. This marks the beginning of the Cormanthor War,

pitting the Army of Myth Drannor against the Army of Darkhope and the

Masked Brigades (Vhaeraun-worshiping drow of House Jaelre and the Auz-

kovyn Clan). In the months that follow, a series of increasingly deadly raids

and counter-raids are mounted by each side.

Eleint 5: The Council of Six [1366] in Amn and the Murkul Sothillis of

Murannheim declare a truce and form an alliance against the tlincallis of

Oaxaptupa.

Elient 6: Adventurers in service of Mystra root out a false temple to the god-

dess in Wheloon, Cormyr. Their investigations reveal that followers of both

Shar and Cyric [1373] are using the temple as a front to kidnap spellcasters

and bring them into the Vast Swamp.

Eleint 12: Storm Silverhand [1372], Dove Falconhand [762], and the rest of

the Knights of Myth Drannor [1348] arrive in Myth Drannor to aid in its

defense. Within hours they are engaged in a series of hit-and-run battles with

drow skirmishers in the forests to the east.

Elient  13:  The  adventurers  who  revealed  the  false  temple  to  Mystra  in

Wheloon return from the Vast Swamp with some of the kidnapped spellcast-

ers. In their possession they have an unfinished letter purportedly discovered

in the Plane of Shadow. This letter alludes to the Book of the Black [684], a

secret of the Sharrans, and includes a scrap of paper with an alternative Roll

of Years known to Sharrans as the Black Chronology. The significance of this

discovery goes largely unnoticed even as the Sharrans muster their resources

to fulfill the events prophesied in the Book of the Black.

Eleint 30: Kendrick Selkirk, Overmaster of Sembia, is murdered.

1374 Marpenoth 10: Sembias High Council elects Mirabeta Selkirk as tem-

porary Overmistress of Sembia.

Marpenoth 23: A plague known as the blush appears in Logfell, a village

north of the Qurth Forest in the Border Kingdoms.

Marpenoth 23: The Fist of Winter in Winterkeep, a group of ice devils who

are trapped in the bodies of fell sorcerers, are defeated by Amira with the

help of the lythari.

Marpenoth 24: The regency of Queen Sambryl [1373] comes to an end, as King

Imbrar II reaches age sixteen and assumes the throne of Impiltur.

Marpenoth 28: The Heart of Runlatha is stolen from the Sanctuary (nestled

in The Star Mounts) by a shade on behalf of an agent of Sememmon. The

dinosaurs that lived in the Sanctuary, protected by the powerful illusion abili-

ties of the Heart, are stolen as well. The Heart and the dinosaurs are returned

to the Sanctuary by Vell the Brown, and the Sanctuary is closed off from

the rest of Faern forever.

1374 Uktar 2: From three hundred fathoms beneath the Sea of Fallen Stars,

the lost enclave of Sakkors [339] is raised to once again fly free over Faern.

The Empire of Netheril is reborn.

Uktar 3: A Sharran priestess, Esvele Greycastle, forges an alliance with Fzoul

Chembryl, Tyrant of the Moonsea.

Uktar 7: Morgynn the blood maguss attempts to take over the towns sur-

rounding Qurth Forest are defeated by a ghostwalker named Quinsareth.

Uktar 8: The Order of Twilight, a cult in the service of Gargauth, attacks

the town of Brookhollow. Despite heavy damage to the town, the defenders

repulse the attack.

Uktar 11: In response to the growing threat of civil war throughout Sembia,

Selgaunt forms a military alliance and trade pact with the Netherese.

Uktar 11: An immense kraken attacks the harbor and dock ward of Yhaunn

in Sembia.

Uktar  28:  Blackstaff  Tower  [1357]  in  Waterdeep  is  breached  when  three

artifacts are brought into close proximity.

Uktar  29:  Saerloons  army,  using  teleportation  circles,  materializes  outside

Selgaunt.

Uktar 30: The Battle of Selgaunt begins and ends. The Saerloonian forces,

bolstered by the green dragon Vendemniharan and summoned elementals,

breach  Selgaunts  walls.  However,  Selgaunts  forces  repel  the  Saerloonians

156

THE PRESENT AGE

with the aid of two Princes of ShadeRivalen and Brennusand the timely

appearance of the newly raised, floating Shadovar city of Sakkors. All ele-

ments of the Saerloonian army are destroyed or captured.

Uktar 30: Saerb in northern Sembia is burned by an army led by Malkur

Forrin,  Commander  General  of  the  Sembian  forces  loyal  to  Overmistress

Mirabeta Selkirk.

staff Arunsun [1371] dies creating Rhymanthiin, the City of Hope, in the

High Moor.

1374 Nightal 1: Scyllua Darkhope returns to Zhentil Keep to lead an addi-

tional  division  into  the  field.  To  her  surprise,  Fzoul  orders  her  to  invade

Shadowdale again, but this time with support from the Church of Shar and

the drow of House Dhuurniv.

Feast of the Moon: Esvele Greycastle forges an alliance between the Lolth-

worshiping drow of House Dhuurniv and the Zhentarim. Khelben Black-

Nightal 1: Elyril Hraven, priestess of Shar, completes a ritual set forth in

the empty spaces within The Leaves of One Night [1373] and summons the

Eleint 13: Years in Shadow

The following unfinished letter and scrap of paper were discovered on the body of Skull Servant Ethar, a priestess of Cyric

working with followers of Shar to create an area of dead magic that would cover the Vast Swamp. Ethar met her end at the

hands of adventurers who traveled to the Plane of Shadow and battled her in a ruined Sharran monastery in a shadowy reflec-

tion of the Vast Swamp.

Most honored Watchful Skull, Blackwill Akhmelere,

Greetings  from  your  bloody  hand,  Skull  Servant  Ethar.

As expected, the Sharrans hide their secrets well, but I did

discover something that might lead us to understanding their

ultimate plan. We aid them in their ritual to create a field of

dead magic over the Vast Swamp. Obviously, this is to their

advantage as only Shadow magic works within these spaces,

but claiming the swamp as a base of operations seems foolish.

This incongruity bothered me, and I prayed to the Black Sun

to grant me knowledge of their plans. I received no vision, but

while living here in one of their old monasteries I discovered

the piece of parchment Ive attached with this letter, praise be

to Cyric. I believe it to be the writings of a monk that once lived

in the Monastery of the Ebon Dome.

It seems the Sharrans have a secret Roll of Years. Of its

origin or accuracy, I can say nothing, but some names seem

uncannily close to the history we have witnessedperhaps even

more so than those penned by the Lost Sage, Augathra the Mad.

You can see that the Black Chronology seems to span a mere

34 years, but perhaps there is more not revealed by this scrap

of parchment. Reading the Book of the Black might explain

more and tell us what the Sharrans truly plan.

I could not find more writings like this one despite a week

of searching. I made subtle inquiries with the Sharrans and

Despayr. Despayr seemed to know nothing, but with his kind, it is

always hard to tell. The other Sharrans said they did not know

what I meant, and talked about how the monks at this monastery

went madbut I sensed some wariness in their postures.

I think we need to find this Book of the Black and

PARCHMENT

The shadows fall properly and others signs make it more clear.

At long last, the Black Chronology is coming to fruition. I trust in

the shadows that dance at the edge of my sight, for Shar enfolds

me in her dark embrace. I can with some authority claim that

this year, 1352 DR, is indeed the Year of the Lost King, first

year of the Black Chronology. I know that the events prophesied

in the Book of the Black will soon come to pass.

Behold the Roll of Years and its Shadow. In due time we

shall all bear witness to unfolding of Shars greatest work.

157

1352  Year of the Dragon

1353   Year of the Arch

1354   Year of the Bow

1355   Year of the Harp

1356   Year of the Worm

1357   Year of the Prince

1358   Year of Shadows

1359   Year of the Serpent

1360   Year of the Turret

1361   Year of Maidens

1362   Year of the Helm

1363   Year of the Wyvern

1364   Year of the Wave

1365   Year of the Sword

1366   Year of the Staff

1367   Year of the Shield

1368   Year of the Banner

1369   Year of the Gauntlet

1370   Year of the Tankard

1371   Year of the Unstrung

Harp

Year of the Lost King

Year of Masks

Year of Great Reaping

Year of Retreat

Year of the Drow

Year of Spell Flames

Year of Ascension

Year of the Carnival

Year of Armies

Year of the Golden

Discovery

Year of the Sun

Year of Winter

Year of Lords

Year of Joyous Elves

Year of Icy Waters

Year of Unmasking

Year of the Sons

Year of the Citys Sorrows

Year of the Deep War

Year of the Toppling

Towers

Year of Dark Returns

1372   Year of Wild Magic

1373   Year of Rogue Dragons  Year of Madness

1374   Year of Lightning

Year of the Unraveling

Storms

1375   Year of Risen Elfkin

Year of Harsh Goals

1376   Year of the Bent Blade  Year of False Hopes

1377   Year of the Haunting

1378   Year of the Cauldron

1379   Year of the Lost Keep

1380   Year of the Blazing

Year of the Black Banner

Year of Broken Hearts

Year of Lost Wisdom

Year of the Dull Blade

Hand

1381   Year of the Starving

1382   Year of the Black

Year of the Fool

Year of Unwelcome Guests

Blazon

1383   Year of the Vindicated   Year of Unjust Rewards

Warrior

1384   Year of Three Streams   Year of Stolen Thrones

Blooded

1385   Year of Blue Fire

Year of the Revelation

 Matthew Sernett

THE PRESENT AGE

Shadowstorm. A planar rift is torn open over Ordulin, and that portion of

the Plane of Shadow known as the Adumbral Calyx pours forth. Ordulin is

destroyed in the cataclysm, and the bulk of its citizens are killed. Volumvax

the Divine One, also known as Kesson Rel the First Chosen of Mask, emerges

from the rift amid an army of shadows and shadow giants. Volumvax raises

Ordulins dead as shadows to bolster his own army.

Nightal 15: Sharran assassins infiltrate the village of Shadowdale and attack

Elminsters Tower. After a fierce battle, Elminster [1358] vanishes and his

tower is blasted into ruin and hurled into another plane.

Nightal 16: In the early morning hours, the Zhentarim army led by Scyl-

lua  Darkhope  overruns  Shadowdale  with  the  aid  of  the  Church  of  Shar

and House Dhuurniv. The Army of Myth Drannor is unable to respond as

Zhentarim brigades to the east launch simultaneous attacks on several key

elf fortifications.

Nightal 18: Lord Mourngrym Amcathra [1358, 1375] publicly embraces the

Army of Darkhope as allies and defenders of Shadowdale.

Nightal 27: Scyllua Darkhope begins preparations to march south with two

brigades  to  attack  Mistledale,  leaving  behind  the  Brigade  of  Shadows  to

occupy Shadowdale.

Nightal  29:  The  triggering  of  ancient  wards  alerts  Isevele  Miritar  that

AryVelahrKerym, the fabled Warblade [674], has returned to the Realms

Above (or the uppermost reaches of the Underdark) in the vicinity of the

Twisted Tower [906].

Nightal 30: Storm Silverhand and Dove Falconhand lead an elite contingent

of elves into Shadowdale. The Chosen of Mystra are grievously wounded upon

their arrival due to the interaction of their silver fire with the local Weave

and are forced to teleport away. Their comrades in arms are left behind to

an uncertain fate.

1375 DR Year of Risen Elfkin

Hammer 1: The adventurer Fox-at-Twilight discovers Negarath, a fallen Neth-

erese enclave, beneath the sands of Anauroch, from which she barely escapes

with her life, her sanity, and a new companion, the exile goliath Gargan.

Hammer 13: Adventurers liberate Lord Mourngrym [1374] from possession

by a servant of the Shadovars. Rousing the residents of Shadowdale, they break

Zhentarim control of the area and kill Scyllua Darkhope. Mourngrym resigns

the lordship and rejoins the Knights of Myth Drannor in the City of Beauty.

With the blessing of Shadowdales liberators, Azalar Falconhand claims the

Pendant of Ashaba and is proclaimed Lord of Shadowdale. In the months

that follow, fey return in large numbers to Shadowdale.

Hammer 17: Fzoul Chembryl [1374] publicly blames Scyllua Darkhope for

all the failures in the Cormanthor War and proclaims that the Bitch in the

Trees shall never again be resurrected.

1375 Tarsakh 3: Troops from Zhentil Keep occupy Phlan [1340], increasing

the number of vassal states under Zhentarim control.

1375 Mirtul 1: Wai Yong, the tenth emperor of the Lui Dynasty of Tu

Lung, secretly arrives in Mulhorand under an assumed identity. The reasons

for the young emperors journey are yet unrevealed.

Mirtul 5: Druxus Rhym, Zulkir of Transmutation, is murdered in his apart-

ments in Bezantur. A Thayan army is defeated by the berserkers of Rashemen

in the Gorge of Gauros during a failed invasion of Thays northern neighbor.

The tharchions who mounted the invasion claim to have defeated an invad-

ing Rashemi army.

Mirtul 10: In the Sunset Mountains, Thazar Keep falls to a horde of undead

emerging from Thazar Pass. In the days that follow, the undead overrun much

of the Tharch of Pyarados, including half of the city of Thazrumaros.

Mirtul 25: Samas Kul, Master of the Guild of Foreign Trade, is elected Zulkir

of Transmutation.

1375 Kythorn 4: A Thayan army known as the Griffon Legion reclaims

Pyarados from the undead invaders. In the days that follow, Thays legions

march up Thazar Pass to destroy those that escaped.

Kythorn 5: Aznar Thrul, Zulkir of Evocation and Tharchion of the Priador,

is killed by his prisoner, Mari Agneh, a human/bloodfiend hybrid.

Kythorn 10: Szass Tam [1373], Zulkir of Necromancy, is blocked by his fellow

Zulkirs from being elevated to regent of Thay.

Kythorn 14: The Griffon Legion retakes Thazar Keep.

Kythorn 27: After Szass Tams plan to march an army south and seize Bezan-

tur is slowed by the Griffon Legion, the Zulkir of Necromancy and the six

other zulkirs settle in for a long civil war.

1375 Eleint 30: A long, rolling earthquake strikes Waterdeep shortly after

dawn. The city sustains little physical damage, but a number of people across

the city are struck by fearsome mental visions of a screaming, bearded man

whose eyes blaze with rage, sorrow, and swimming starsHalaster [1369],

the  Mad  Mage  of  Undermountain.  People  of  arcane  talent  struck  by  the

visions also report scenes of destruction in the vast maze: pillars cracking and

tumbling, rifts and chasms opening up, and surging explosions of blue-white

sparks. It soon becomes clear that Halaster destroyed himself while attempt-

ing a ritual of tremendous power, and in the moment of his death hurled

desperate visions and mysterious compulsions to adventurers and persons of

magical power throughout Faern.

1375 Nightal 20: Lolth and Eilistraee battle to the death in a divine game

of  sava,  with  the  fate  of  the  drow  hanging  in  the  balance.  A  Darksong

Knight in service to Eilistraee slays Selvetarm, Champion of Lolth, with an

artifact known as the Crescent Blade. Drow followers of Vhaeraun employ

High Magic for the first time since the Descent. They succeed in opening a

portal to Eilistraees realm, which the Masked Lord employs in an attempt

to assassinate his sister. The effort backfires, as Eilistraee kills her brother

instead. The Church of Vhaeraun is absorbed into the Church of Eilistraee.

The Church of Selvetarm is absorbed into the Church of Lolth.

1376 DR Year of the Bent Blade

The Masked Brigades of the Elven Court are sorely shaken by their gods

destruction, and the forces of Myth Drannor soon rout the remnants of House

Jaelre and Clan Auzkovyn from the Elven Court. With his drow allies scat-

tered and disorganized, Fzoul Chembyrl of Zhentil Keep decides to end his

war against Myth Drannor. The Tyrant of the Moonsea concludes an uneasy

peace with Ilsevele Miritar, leaving the forest to the elves while Hillsfar and

the open lands north of the line between Hillsfar and Dagger Falls formerly

fall under the sway of Zhentil Keep. In addition, the Fair Folk grant the Black

Network free passage along the Moonsea Ride and Rauthauvyrs Road, for so

long as they do not fell a living tree, injure or kill an elf, or stray more than

thirty paces from the trail beneath the boughs.

 Strange creatures called nilshai are encountered en masse in the Yuirwood

of Aglarond, usually near the old elf menhirs. Reports of the creatures dep-

redations are of such shocking bloodiness that the Simbul enacts a bounty

on nilshai hides.

 The Swordbelt Alliance sacks the subterranean city of Oaxatupa, scattering

the tlincallis like a giant stepping on an anthill. In the years that follow, the

stingers boil up to attack targets throughout Amn and Murannheim without

warning, forcing the two neighbors to maintain their uneasy truce. Although

the Armory of Nedeheim is never recovered, adventurers return from ruined

Oaxatupa with reports of a portal to the Abyss from which demonic servitors

of Obox-Ob continue to pour forth in support of the tlincallis. The Council of

Six institutes a heavy war tax on Amn in preparation for years of warfare.

1377 DR Year of the Haunting

The  Srinshee  returns  to  Myth  Drannor  and  offers  Ilsevele  Miritar  the

Rulers Blade in recognition of her wise and resolute leadership in the realms

refounding. Ilsevele humbly accepts the Rulers Blade and takes the title of

coronal. Queen Amlaruil arrives to congratulate the new coronal and brings

with her the Tree of Souls as a gift to the new realm. The artifact is planted

in a ring-shaped colonnade at the heart of the city known as Seldarrshen

Nieryll, the Starsoul Shrine.

 Followers of Kiaransalee cause faerzress throughout the Realms Below to

affect the ability of drow to teleport or employ divination magic. In hopes

of  reversing  the  effect,  Eilistraees  worshipers  launch  an  assault  on  the

Crones of Kiaransalee who rule the Acropolis of Thanatos amid the ruins

of Velddrinnsshar deep beneath the Galena Mountains. At the same time,

Qarlynd Melarn and his apprentices, employing six Miyeritari kiira, cast High

158

THE PRESENT AGE

 Moradin leads the assembled deities of Dwarfhome on a crusade against

the dark powers of Hammergrim. Gorm Gulthyn and Haela Brightaxe perish

in the battle, but Moradin destroys Laduguer, and Clangeddin slays Deep

Duerra. The plane of Hammergrim disperses into the Astral to the sounds

of the dwarf gods victorious battle hymns.

 The War of Gold and Gloom comes to an unexpected end in the caverns

of long-abandoned Barakuir. During the course of a great battle between the

Army of Gold and the Army of Steel, the crusaders of the Great Rift dis-

cover a collection of ancient runestones detailing the fate of Clan Duergar

and the betrayal that led to the fall of their kingdom. This discovery, long

forgotten, prompts the loretaker illithids of Oryndoll to unleash an army of

thralls against both dwarven hosts, although the gray dwarves suffer most

of the casulties.. In the end, the dwarves lose more than half their number,

but Oryndolls thrall army is shattered. In an unexpected act of compassion,

the commander of the Army of Gold offers the surviving duergar a place

within  his  company.  The  united  Stout  Folk  then  march  west  into  ruined

Shanatar, in hopes of claiming a bastion suitable for repelling the inevitable

illithid attack to come.

1384 DR Year of Three Streams Blooded

The newly installed king of Cormyr, Azoun V, attempts to make official a

Royal Decree that would give freemen the right to a hearing before other

freemen in the face of accusations of wrongdoing, even if that accusation

were to come from a noble. In the face of stiff resistance from every aristocrat

in Cormyr, Azoun V does not follow through with the decree. However, he

puts the nobles of his kingdom on notice that someday he will successfully

enact just such a decree, no matter the resistance they offer.

 Siamorphe quarrels with Tyr when the deities take different sides in a

clash between Tethyrian and Calimshite forces. She removes herself from

the  House  of  the  Triad  and  joins  Sunes  court  in  Brightwater.  Tyr  sends

Helm to plead his case with Sune. The goddess of love suggests a marriage

between Tyr and Tymora to set the celestial planes in balance again. Helm

conveys Sunes suggestion to Tyr, and begins to chaperone a chaste courtship

between Tyr and Tymora. Strange and fateful misunderstandings lead to the

accusation that Helm has stolen Tymoras heart while conveying the gifts

and sentiments of Tyr. A strict interpretation of his own ideals forces Tyr

to challenge Helm, and Helm is obliged by his own ideals to meet the chal-

lenge. The two gods do battle, and Tyr slays Helm before the deities come

to their senses. Heartbroken, Tymora accompanies Tyr back to the House

of the Triad. Though nothing can be proved, the gods sense the hand of

Cyric in Helms death.

 With the Triad broken because of Helms death, Ilmater chooses to remove

his domain from the House of the Triad. He reestablishes his celestial realm

in Brightwater at Sunes invitation.

1385 DR Year of Blue Fire

Unthinkable catastrophe ensues when Cyric, aided and abetted by Shar, murders

Mystra in Dweomerheart. The plane itself disintegrates at once, destroying

Savras and sending the gods Azuth and Velsharoon reeling into the endless

Astral Plane. Without Mystra to govern the Weave, magic bursts its bonds

all across Faern and the surrounding planes and runs wild. In Faern, this

event is known as the Spellplague. Thousands of mages are driven insane or

destroyed, and the very substance of the world becomes mutable beneath veils

of azure fire that dance across the skies by night or by day.

Many planes are shifted or destroyed as well. Only greater deities prove

strong  enough  to  maintain  their  realms  against  the  resultant  chaos.  Tyr,

Lathander, and Sune move against Cyric and successfully imprison the Black

Sun  in  his  Supreme  Throne,  under  a  sentence  of  house  arrest  to  last  one

thousand years.

Sages in centuries to come mark the Weaves destruction in the Year of

Blue Fire as the end of the old world, and the terrible beginning of the new.

Magic to strip Kiaransalees name from the Realms. Bereft of any worshipers,

the Revenancer fades from existence.

 A minor earthquake off Amns coast disrupts Spellhold, the asylum on

the island of Brynnlaw. Several of the deviant spellcasters held within escape,

vowing vengeance against the nation that imprisoned them.

1378 DR Year of the Cauldron

A  crazed  cultist  of  the  bound  efreeti  Memnon  in  Calimshan  attempts  to

instigate a holy war in Memnons name. After some success in assembling

the beginnings of a great fleet in Calimport to scour the Sword Coast to

the far north, the cultist Roshanak has a dream so startling he abandons his

effort. Roshanak disappears to a fate unknown.

1379 DR Year of the Lost Keep

Amns colonization efforts in Chult finally begin to pay off the investment

of  ships,  men,  and  gold.  An  entire  tribe  of  savage  humanoids  is  forcibly

transplanted from the deep jungles and resettled in a caged preserve in the

Amnish city of Athkatla. The parasitic disease that sweeps through Athkatla

in 1379 and finally kills one of the Council of Six is blamed on the pres-

ence of the preserve, but before the savages can be eradicated, they escape

to Amns interior.

 Lolth plots against her rivals in the drow pantheon. The Spider Queen

attempts  to  destroy  Ghaunadaur,  but  Ghaunadaur  proves  to  be  a  stronger

and more ancient power than Lolth suspected. The slime god abandons the

Demonweb Pits for the Deep Caverns.

 A Netherese spy is caught in Suzail. Princess Alusair Nacacia Obarskyr

hangs the spy in a public square. This event touches off a short-lived con-

flagration of hostilities with the Shadovars, which comes to be called the

Four Day War.

 After years of low-level skirmishing, Mulhorands conquest of Unther is

complete. Messemprar falls to Mulhorands last wave of conquest, the long-

slumbering giant content, for the time being, to digest its new empire. Threskel

is consolidated under the rule of the Great Bone Wyrm, with the backing of

the Church of Bane and Thay, while Tchazzar, Sceptenar of Cimbar, cements

his hold on the rest of Chessenta. In addition to low-level skirmishes along

the borders of the three realms, regular dragon raids wreak havoc in the

heart of each country.

1380 DR Year of the Blazing Hand

The canal linking the Lake of Steam and the Nagaflow River is finally com-

pleted, linking the Sea of Fallen Stars and the western oceans.

 The  High  Mage  Araevin  Teshurr  completes  the  restoration  of  Myth

Drannors mythal and, after visits to Waterdeep, Aglarond, and Sildyuir, sets

out for the hidden realm of Auseriel. There he meets and befriends Prince

Lamruil. The two elves leave Auseriel in the care of Lamruils seneschal

and depart in search of the missing Princess Maura, set on the trail by the

mysterious prophecy revealed by Araevins magic.

1381 DR Year of the Starving

A freak cold snap freezes the ground in much of northern Faern in Mirtul,

ruining food crops and animal forage in many places. The resultant dip in pro-

ductivity sees many go hungry in urban centers across the continent. Death by

starvation and malnutrition visits even the largest, wealthiest cities, but most

especially in Thesk. Hunger accelerates Shou emigration out of the region.

1382 DR Year of the Black Blazon

Starmantle and Westgate see increased traffic from Shou across the Sea of

Fallen Stars from Thesk and points eastward. Cognizant of trade opportunity

implicit in the movement of so large a population, both cities seek to portray

themselves as the destination port of choice for the immigrants.

1383 DR Year of the Vindicated Warrior

The Durpari city of Vaelan becomes known in greater Faern for its exotic

form of body art, which goes farther than mere tattooing or piercing. For a

considerable fee, artisans in Vaelan offer to etch limbs of the well-to-do with

living crystal that enhances not only the wearers visage but, in some small

way, the wearers talents.

159