HALLS  OF  UNDERMOUNTAINTM

ROLEPLAYING  GAME  ADVENTURE

Matt Sernett + Shawn Merwin

CREDITS

Design

Matt Sernett (lead), Shawn Merwin

Additional Design

Cal  Moore

Development

Christopher Perkins, Chris Sims

Interior Illustrations

Alexey Aparin, Christopher B

Warren Mahy,jim Nelson, Wd

Wayne Reynolds, Ben Wootten

Cartographers

jason A.  Engle, Mike Schley

Editing

Dawn j. Geluso

D&D  Brand Team

Liz Schuh, Kierin Chase, Laura Tommervik,

Chris Lindsay, Shelly Mazza noble. Hilary Ross

Managing Editing

Christopher Perkins

Publishing Production Manager

Angelika Lokotz

D&D Senior Group Manager

Mike Mearls

Prepress Manager

jefferson Dunlap

D&D  Producer

Greg Bilsland

Production Manager

Cynda Callaway

D&D Senior Creative Director

jon Schindehette

Art Director

Kate Irwin

Cover Illustration

Steve Prescott

Graphic Designer

Yasuyo Dunnett

Playtesters

Angela Amburn, Bryan Amburn , Carson Ball,

Katherine Ball, jeffrey Barnes,jorda n Conrad,

Naomi  Davison, jonathan D'Silva, Matt Du kes,

Matthew Fuchs, Greg Hartman, Malcolm Hemmings,

Mark Knobbe, Tony Lawrence, Kevi n Lawson,

David Martin, jacob Mercer, Shawn Merwin, Eva  Orta,

john-Alan Pascoe, Renout van Rijn, Piet er Sleijpen,

Yourik de Voogd, Nicholas Wolfanger

620-38855000-001  EN

ISBN:  978-0-7869-5994-5

First Printing:

Apri1201l

987654321

U.S., CANADA, ASIA,  PACIFIC,

& LATIN AMERICA

Wizards of the Coast LLC

P.O.  Box 707

Renton WA 98057-0707

+ 1-800-324-6496

EUROPEAN  HEADQUARTERS

Hasbro UK  Ltd

Caswell Way

Newport, Gwen! NP9 OYH

GREAT BRITAIN

Please keep this address for your records

WIZARDS OF THE COAST, BELGIUM

lndustrialaan 1

1702 Groot-Bijgaarde n

Belgium

+32.070.233.277

DUNGEONS  &  DRAGONS,  D&D, Wizards of the Coast,  FoRGOTTEN  REALMS ,  Halls  of Undermountain , Playe r's Handbook , Du ngeon  M aster's  Guide, Monster Man ual , all  other

Wizards of the Coast product names, and their respective logos are trademarks of Wizards of the Coast in the USA and other countries. All characters and the distinctive likenesses

thereof are property of Wizards of the Coast LLC. This material is protected under the copyright laws of the United States of America. Any reproduction or unauthorized use of

the material or artwork contained herein is prohibited without the express written permission of Wizards of the Coast. Printed in the USA. This product is a work of fiction. Any

similarity to actual people, organizations, places, or events included herein is purely coincidental. Printed in the USA. 2012 Wizards of the Coast LLC.

Visit our website at DungeonsandDragons.com

CONTENTS

INTRODUCTION ............... 4

HISTORY OF

UNDERMOUNTAIN  .... 5

Deepest Dungeon of All  ............ 6

WAYS  IN AND OUT  ........... 8

Falling Stair ........................ 8

Grim  Passage  ... ... ............. . ..  8

Knight 'n' Shadow ..... . . . .... . . ... .  8

Long Dark Stair  ... . ...... .. .. .. .. ..  8

Yawning Portal .. ... . ........... ... 1 0

Wet Way ........................ . 10

YAWNING PORTAL PATRONS

AND HANDS ................. 10

Duman the Sixth .. . ........... . .. . 1 0

Corporal Knag .. ...... ........... . . 11

The White Lady ................... 11

Brother Sepulcher ................. 11

Umpold Steinrut .. .. .............. 1 2

Sanfin  Lotte ....................... 12

Old Stannoc ..................... . 1 2

Maklin Mucklar  ................... 13

Agada Vane ...  .. .. ..... . ........ . . 1 3

Ruudi Stonekin .................. .. 13

ADVENTURES IN

UNDERMOUNTAIN   ...... 14

Using This Book's Adventures  ...... 14

Creating Your Own Adventures ..... 1 5

Generating Random Dungeon

Rooms ............. . ............ 18

COMBINING THE ADVENTURES  .. 18

Price of Nobility ................... 18

Future Dealings with Lady Lestra . ... 19

Weaving the Plot . ..... .... . ....... 19

ZARR'S INVINCIBLE ARMY .... 20

Background ....................... 2 0

Starting the Adventure .... . .. . ..... 21

Encounter Areas .............. .. ... 22

TOMBS OF DAYAN ............ 37

Background ........ .. ...... ... . ... 3 7

Starting the Adventure ............. 38

Encounter Areas ... ... .. . .......... 39

SCALY DOOM ............... 57

Background .. ...... ...... .. ....... 57

Starting the Adventure ....... ...... 57

Encounter Areas ................... 59

RUTHERFORD WRAP-UP  ....   73

Rutherford's Fate ......... . . .... ... 73

INFAMOUS AREAS ...... 74

MONSTERS OF

UNDERMOUNTAIN  .......... 89

Random  Encounters ............... 89

Darktentacles ..................... 90

Helmed  Horror Guard  ...... ..... .. 91

Scaladar ..... . ............. .. .. . .. 92

APPENDIX:

MONSTER STATISTICS ....... 93

+  Descriptions of the most infamous areas in Under

mountain's first level

+ Rules for Undermountain's iconic traps and magic

items

+ Descriptions of classic Undermountain monsters,

with game statistics

To orient yourself as you run adventures in Under

mountain, you can consult the maps that appear in

this book or look at the poster map of the dungeon's

first level. Statistics for unique monsters and NPCs

are included in the adventure, but you will need to

consult Monster Vault" for other monsters' statistics.

Introduction

Undermountain? Ah, yes. It's a areat place to have fun,  and

it's the most famous battlefield upon which a

wet-eared wanderer can earn a reputation as a veteran

adventurer. Of course, Undermountain is also the lar9est

known mass arave in Faerun today.

Elminster of Shadowdale

Undermountain, that seemingly endless dungeon

explored in countless FoRGOTTEN REALMS products

including two boxed sets and several adventures,

a labyrinth so vast that such efforts have barely

scratched the surface of its many miles of corridors

and acres of rooms, remains one of the most recog

nizable locations in Faen1n. Often called the "deepest

dungeon of them all," Undermountain has tempted

countless adventurers to delve into its depths. Some

return with tales of its horrors. Most are never

seen again. A lucky few resurface toting astonish-

ing finds that bring them astounding wealth. And

their oft-repeated stories entice others to also brave

the mysteries, misfits, and monsters that meander

beneath the great city ofWaterdeep.

This book details some of the rooms and halls of

Undermountain. As with the many Undermountain

products of the past, Halls of Undermountain"' cannot

hope to detail every room and corridor of the vast

labyrinth beneath Waterdeep. Instead, it provides you

with a wealth of material to get you started in your

own explorations, including three full adventures set

within the first level of the deadly dungeon.

The Ruins of Undermountain, the original boxed set

that gave an overview ofUndermountain's topmost

three levels, provided the first details of this famous

locale in 1991. A few things have changed since then.

Fans of the old dungeon description will find many

new elements, recognize some old favorites, and

encounter twists on some classics. Meanwhile, this

book also acts as a primer for Dungeon Masters who

are new to Undermountain, explaining everything

they need to know to imperil characters' lives in the

Realms' most infamous locale.

How to  Use This  Book

Halls of Undermountain provides you with advice

and materials to run adventures in Undermountain,

including:

+ Three adventures for  1st- through 5th-level charac

ters, which can be run individually, tied together

in a provided plot, linked to D&D ENCOUNTERs"':

The Elder Elemental Eye"', or woven into a campaign

in any world you're already running

+ Advice and ideas for improvising as players

explore the dungeon

INTRODUCTION

History of

Under~nountain

Yes, I have seen the halls ofUndermountain. Bruenor and

I ventured there in our search for clues to the location of

Gauntlsrym. We found nothinB but folly and death.

Drizzt Do'Urden, adventurer

More than a thousand years ago, the wizard Halaster

Blackcloak whirled from a distant land to the base

of Mount Waterdeep, perhaps acceding to chance

or providence's whispered summons. Some say he

hailed from the Cradlelands, a nearly forgotten

empire. Ages ago, the Cradlelands spread humanity

across Faerun from what is now the Plains of Purple

Dust, a wasteland birthed out of a conflict with the

gods. Others give Halaster less ancient origins, plac

ing him among the early wizards ofNetheril or from

an exotic southern nation long since buried by sand

and time. Whatever his origins, scholars recorded

that Halaster brought with him seven apprentices.

With the Seven guarding his back, Halaster tapped

into his power to summon beings from other planes

to help him build a wizard's tower. Halaster ringed

his tower with a great wall set with lesser towers, one

for each of his apprentices. Then he created fields and

farms for his apprentices and their servants to work.

For a time, it seemed a good life for the Seven.

But as the seasons wore on, they saw less and less of

their enigmatic master. Halaster continued to use

fell creatures from distant planes for tunneling and

other construction beneath his tower, and the wizard

kept the nature of most of his underground dealings

from the Seven. Eventually, Halaster's exploration

broke into Under halls, a complex of tunnels and

rooms dwarves built around a mithral mine beneath

Mount Waterdeep. The architects ofUnderhalls,

the Melairkyn clan, had long ago been killed or dis

persed, and oft-times warring duergar and drow had

moved in. Halaster began a crusade against both

races, participating in wild hunts through the tunnels

with extraplanar allies. The stubborn duergar dug

in until the mithral was largely mined out; then they

left the drow to fight Halaster and his minions alone.

The Mad Mage rounded up the remaining dark

elves, trapping some of their souls for dark magic

while twisting the bodies and enslaving the minds

of others. Once he had wrung the drow of all their

usefulness, Halaster Blackcloak tunneled on, ever

downward, indulging his inexplicable obsession with

delving beneath the mountain.

When the Seven had not seen Halaster for more

than a year, some of his apprentices ventured into

his tower to search for the great wizard. They found

traps, monsters, and tantalizing hints about power

beneath the earth. Individually, they plumbed the

Z

depths of the dungeons, encountering increas-

ingly deadly traps and foes. For their efforts, the

~

z

Mad Mage's apprentices were rewarded with riches

and magic. When the Seven were reduced to five,

:J

Halaster appeared to his students and explained that  0

~

he had built the tunnels to guard his experiments

and treasures. He enlisted their aid to further secure  ~

Cl

his dungeons.

What exactly happened after that is unclear. One  5

apprentice is known to have fled, never to return. The  u..

0

others remained in Undermountain, some carving

>-

out whole levels of the labyrinth for themselves and

their servants.

0::

Halaster continued to live beneath the mountain.  ~

Using his underground complex as a base, he traveled  Vl

to other planes and distant lands, collecting strange

:C

creatures to bring into Undermountain to live as

prisoners or guardians in his home. In time, Halaster

sought out magic to extend his life, and some say

these spells and items are what pushed the wizard

beyond the realm of reason. Even though Halaster

had always appeared obsessed and somewhat

deranged, the mage's quest for immortality electrified

his eccentricities and infused him with a pulsating

air of madness.

Halaster's remaining apprentices followed  him

on this path for a time. As they began dedicating

more attention to their private obsessions, however,

madness settled into their souls, and one by one the

apprentices wandered off permanently to pursue

their own muses. Given the centuries that have

passed, it might be safe to believe the apprentices

are as dead as their master. But reports of sightings

and even conflicts with these dread wizards after

Halaster's presumed death should not be discounted.

During the years Halaster quested on other planes

and sequestered himself in his tunnels, his tower fell

into ruin. While Halaster was still spotted from time

to time in the outside world, his home was considered

an accursed place, so settlers in the area largely left

the crumbling tower alone. But in time, the city now

known as Waterdeep came to huddle against Mount

Waterdeep, and it spread down to the harbor. As

the city sprawled outward, it surrounded the ruins

ofHalaster's home. Undermountain was known to

these early settlers, and they often sent criminals into

its depths as punishment. So it was for many years,

until an adventurer named Duman delved into the

depths beneath the tower and returned, laden with

riches, to tell the tale. Duman demolished the rem

nants ofHalaster's above-ground abode and built

an inn over the well he had used to descend into

the underground labyrinth. He called his inn the

Yawning Portal. Duman's descendants work there

to this day, serving patrons and inviting the brave

and foolish alike to test their mettle in the halls of

Undermountain.

HISTORY  O F  UNDERMOUNTAIN

Halaster has not been sighted in more than a cen

tury. Most believe a cataclysm killed him before the

Spellplague rocked the world. Even so, rumors that

the Mad Mage or his ghost has returned persist, car

ried on the tongues of the many adventurers who

now delve into Undermountain and the desperate

wretches who live in an underground community

called Downshadow. The most recent reports tell of

a dark chuckle in the ear just before disaster strikes,

and those who sleep beneath the streets ofWaterdeep

have become more than a little uneasy. Undermoun

tain seems to be awakening, but no one knows who

has roused it.

DEEPEST  DUNGEON

OF  ALL

It would be impossible to provide more than just the

briefest overview of all of this mighty dungeon in one

product, so Halls of Undermountain focuses on provid

ing adventures and tools for its first level. Of course,

Undermountain offers much, much more to explore.

So here is a glimpse into what lies beyond its top

layer.

Citadel of the Bloody Hand: While perhaps not

technically a level ofUndermountain, this dungeon

within Mount Waterdeep has a longtime link with

Undermountain's topmost layer, the Dungeon Level.

Dungeon Level: The first level ofUndermoun

tain, detailed within this product, has the distinction

ofbeing known as the Dungeon Level due to the

longtime practice of city authorities sentencing

Waterdhavian criminals to fend for themselves in the

dungeons. For most adventurers, it is the first and last

level ofUndermountain they see.

Arcane Chambers: Referred to as the storeroom

level by the Melairkyn dwarves, the second level of

Undermountain consists of many vast chambers in

which Halaster and his apprentices conducted their

arcane experiments.

Sargauth Level: The third level ofUndermoun

tain takes its name from the River Sargauth, an

Underdark river that flows through the vast dungeon

to the shores of the underground city of Skullport

and beyond. Easily the size oflevels one and two com

bined, this layer is divided into two massive halves.

Two caverns and the River Sargauth are the only fea

tures connecting the halves.

Twisted Caverns: The Underdark intrudes in

Undermountain at the fourth level. Fed by its own

waterway, known as the River of the Depths, the

layer's caverns were once used as farms , leading

some sources to call this the Farms Level. Kuo-toa,

aboleths, drow, and other Underdark denizens often

battle for control of these caverns.

Wyllowwood: This level ofUndermountain

holds dark caverns, deadly dungeon rooms, and

two vast forests. Looking just like the woodlands on

the sunny surface, Halaster and an apprentice used

magic to create these forests. The sight of sun and

sky high above the woods have convinced plenty of

adventurers they have escaped Undermountain. Wyl

lowwood's vast one-way portal allows in air and light

(and wandering flying creatures), but it gives only the

illusion of escape.

Lost Level: The Melairkyn clan created this level

and consecrated it as a temple. In later years, Halaster

used it to toy with overbold adventurers. Now that

magic portals with peculiar locks and a whirlpool in

the River Sargauth on level three connect the Lost

Level to other parts ofUndermountain, the layer is

far less elusive than it used to be.

Maddgoth's Castle: Connected to the surface

through miles ofUnderdark tunnels and to the rest

ofUndermountain by a magic gate in the Lost Level,

these caverns are named for the miniature fortress

that can be found within them as it floats in midair

over a mithral spindle. Any who dare touch it are

swiftly shrunken and thrust inside the small struc

ture to face whatever horrors linger from the wizard

Maddgoth's rule of the place.

Slitherswamp: A magic gate links this watery

level ofUndermountain to the Twisted Caverns.

Yuan-ti and their naga allies dominate the Slither

swamp community, and civil wars and cannibalism

continually cull the population.

Hidden Chambers: This small dungeon has

levels of its own. The layer was once the abode of one

ofHalaster's apprentices, who used magic to sepa

rate and hide it from the rest of the dungeons. The

Hidden Chambers' magic has since faltered, and now

it unpredictably reconnects with random areas of

Undermountain.

Muiral's Gauntlet: The first ofHalaster's appren

tices discovered this draw-constructed dungeon and

used it as his private hunting grounds, stocking it

with creatures whose company he enjoyed and those

he relished battling. Virtually any mirror in Under

mountain might draw a person into Muiral's Gauntlet

to learn what has become of his pets.

Troglodyte Warrens: This labyrinth of natural

caverns has been the abode of several troglodyte

clans for more than a century. A roving magic gate

connects it to other locations in Undermountain for

just one hour every eight days.

Maze Level: Named for a particularly deadly

portion of the level known as Halaster's Maze of Mad

ness, this layer ofUndermountain also hosts a series

of caverns minotaurs have long inhabited and a large

draw-controlled dungeon compound.

Trobriand's Graveyard: Given its name, many

adventurers expect hordes of undead to occupy this

HISTORY  O F  UNDERMOUNTAIN  I Deepest  Dun9eon  of All

level. But Trobriand, an apprentice ofHalaster's, was

obsessed with magic constructs. This level holds the

forgotten results of his work, both successes and fail

ures. Trobriand's scaladar (page 92), which the mage

considered to be his greatest success, now wander

Undermountain at will.

Arcturiadoom: An apprentice to Halaster who

was enamored with transmutation magic, Arcturia

used several laboratories throughout Undermountain,

and Arcturiadoom was her personal dungeon. (As

with Vanrakdoom (see below), "doom" does not refer

to some dire fate; it is an archaic term for a lord's

domain.)

Obstacle Course: Originally a training ground

for the Melairkyn dwarves, the clan converted this

level into a trap for invading drow. Halaster contin

ued this tradition, adding more baited dangers with

which to ensnare greedy trespassers.

Crystal Labyrinth: A maze of crystalline pas

sages-some with transparent walls, floors, or ceilings

to tempt and confuse wanderers-dominates this

level.

Seadeeps: These seemingly endless mining tun

nels stretch for miles beneath the Sea of Swords.

Only the lasting and cunning craftsmanship of the

Melairkyn dwarves keeps them from flooding with

seawater from above.

Vanrakdoom: A century ago, undead worshipers

ofShar dominated this dwarf-built level of dungeons.

None can say whether that might still be true. Since

many corporeal undead can survive to witness the

passage of centuries or even millennia, the possibility

can't be discounted.

Caverns of Ooze: These caves deep below the

surface host oozes and slimes of all types as well as

other aberrant beings and abominations. The god

Ghaunadaur ("That Which Lurks") is powerful here,

and he guards his secrets well in this dark and lethal

level.

Runestone Caverns: This level gains its name

from the colossal magic crystal embedded in a huge

stalagmite at the center of the layer's most expansive

cavern. Halaster dug many caves into the rock hous-

u.

ing the Runestone, and he used those gouges to study  0

and tap the crystal's powers.

Deep Mines: Also called the Terminus Level,

because it was the deepest level the Melairkyn clan

had mined, this layer long served as a place for

Halaster and Arcturia to leave their failed or freed

monster experiments. For decades, these abnormal

magic creatures have been interbreeding, leading to

the births of strange beings of which neither wizard

had ever dreamed.

Shadowdusk Hold: This small level of dungeons

serves as a home to aberrant Far Realm beings, which

unwitting members of the Shadowdusk family led

here. The family name has long since vanished from

the ranks ofWaterdeep nobility, but a Far Realm

taint could still be clinging to its bloodline, lingering

in descendants far removed from the original clan.

Mad Wizard's Lair: Beneath all other Under

mountain levels lies the fabled Mad Wizard's Lair.

Stories have long been told of the lair's fabulous

wealth and mighty magic, treasures that outstrip

all others scattered throughout Undermountain.

Of course, Halaster's most brutal traps and deadly

guardians slumber here as well.

KNIGHT  'N'  SHADOW

This ramshackle tavern stands atop a passage to

Undermountain, which the Spellplague's tumult

opened. From the street, the Knight appears to be

nothing more than a dive bar frequented by shadowy

and down-on-their-luck folk. However, by following

a flight of rickety wooden steps built into a chute that

descends from a back room, a patron can arrive at

the Shadow-an even more disreputable tavern built

upon a ledge near the ceiling of the Downshadow

caverns (see Area 76, page 86). From there, a person

can descend the last 50 feet via a rope lift operated by

a spellscarred half-ore.

Recognized Downshadow folk are the only ones

who regularly use this passage into Undermoun

tain, because the way to the Shadow is guarded at all

times. Of course, bribes can win guards' sympathy,

but they scoff at anything less than the sums forked

over by hooded members ofWaterdeep's nobility.

LONG  DARK  STAIR

The Blushing Nymph, a festhall, sprawls along Rain

run Street, and a wide cobbled yard abuts it. Within

this yard is the festhall 's midden pit, and hidden

therein are the first few steps of the Long Dark Stair.

For years, festhall workers have opened the trap

door over the pit and thrown in the establishment's

refuse, not knowing or caring why the level of trash

gradually sinks or occasionally drops dramatically.

All that matters to the festhall's owners is that the

broken bottles, rotten food, empty ale casks, broken

chairs, stained rags, and other trash goes away with

out them having to pay for anyone to collect it.

What they don't know is the garbage has been

disappearing down a steep staircase-which an over

hang and the heaped refuse has kept hidden-that

descends from the pit's bottom into Undermountain

(see Area 79, page 88).

A long time ago, a cult ofLoviatar (a darling of the

nobility) frequently and covertly used these stairs to

reach cult-sponsored Undermountain activities. At

the time, an allied tribe of orcs guarded the entrance.

Since the dissolution of the cult's dungeon activities

years ago, the Long Dark Stair has remained untrav

eled. To use the stairway now, a pers~m would have to

dig through the trash in the midden pit and brave the

slick, grimy, and cluttered steps of the passageway. At

the base of the stairwell, a grinning, bearded human

face is carved into the wall opposite the steps.

Ways In and Out

Rumors of secret entrances into Undermountain

abound, be they whispers about tunnels beneath

the house of a cruel noble or the ale-spurred tavern

tales spread by members of the Cellarers & Plumb

ers' Guild. While several secret entrances doubtlessly

exist, only a few physical connections to the first level

ofUndermountain can be verified.

The uppermost level ofUndermountain is roughly

140 feet below the city's street level. Passages stretch

ing deep into the earth either wind in kinked and

gradual slopes or plunge into darkness. Such links to

the surface might be guarded from both above and

below, although not always by the same group or for

the same reason. The "ownership" of these secret

paths often changes hands, due to dangers in the

deep or treachery in the ranks.

FALLING  STAIR

The Citadel of the Bloody Hand squats in the bowels

of Mount Waterdeep high above Undermountain.

Once patrolled and used by the City Guard, these

dungeons in the mountain were abandoned to the

dangerous creatures and magic that claimed them

more than a decade before the Spell plague.

A long staircase connects the citadel to the first

level ofUndermountain (see Area 74, page 84). A

strange magic protects the stairwell, causing the ceil

ing over it to collapse when any creature approaches

it. It's plainly hopeless to try to use the stairway

unless one waits for  about an hour. Then the stones

and dust return to their former places and allow safe

passage for  ten minutes before the magic fully resets.

Of course, climbing the stairs to the Citadel of the

Bloody Hand is not a way to escape danger. Even if

the climbers make it past the citadel's threats, other

barriers and magic wards have been set up to keep

creatures from climbing into Castle Waterdeep's

dungeons.

GRIM  PASSAGE

A steep alley in the Dock Ward has been known

locally as "the Slide" for generations, due to its use

by youths for fun in winter. Near this happy place is

a grate that gives entrance to the sewers, and very

near this place stands a small secret door in the sewer

wall. Behind this door is a tight crawl space that

wends through bricked-up basements and disused

privy chutes, eventually curving into a dead end.

Here, another secret door is hidden in the floor.  Once

open, it reveals a 20-foot drop to the Grim Statue

(see Area 41, page 59), a huge and headless relic that

retains shocking links to its past.

WAYS  IN  AND  OUT  I Lon8  Dark  Stair

YAWNING  PORTAL

The Yawning Portal houses the most famous and

accessible entrance to Undermountain. Built around

a vast pit in the earth that drops to the Dungeon

Level, the inn has for more than a century used its

connection to the dangers below to attract the brave,

foolhardy or merely curious.

Built on the site ofHalaster's ruined tower and

founded with loot claimed from Undermountain,

the Yawning Portal is a rambling structure that

boasts three upper floors of guest rooms and a

huge taproom. The centerpiece of this taproom is a

40-foot-wide well with a low wall. This is the "yawn

ing portal" to Undermountain. Tables for patrons

surround the well, and a large winch-and-pulley

contraption grips the thick rope dungeon delvers

use to descend the 140 feet into Undermountain.

Entrance costs 10 gp per person and takes 10 rounds

as Duman lowers the individuals while they cling to

the rope, their feet in attached stirrups.

Duman the Sixth, descendant of the Duman who

originally built the inn, happily lowers any paying

patron into the well by means of the winch. If a dun

geon delver returns to the well room below and wants

to come back up, he or she must drop 10 gp into a

bucket Durnan lowers down before the innkeeper

will haul the person back up. Duman doesn't pro

vide healing or other help to returning adventurers,

but he'll send a runner with a message to one of the

temples for no extra charge. (He considers the Under

mountain entrance fee enough to cover such service.)

When adventurers pay to enter the well, patrons

cheer, share rounds of drinks, and generally give the

dungeon delvers a grand going-away party. For those

the celebration doesn't distract, the scene might seem

a bit grisly as customers and inn workers openly bet

on whether the adventurers will return, and how

many will live to tell their tales.

WET WAY

The Yawning Portal's cellar holds another means of

entry into Undermountain. A steeply sloping hallway

in Undermountain's first level (see Area 78, page 88)

descends into groundwater, eventually ending at a

cistern. A steep staircase clings to the cistern wall

and twists upward, gradually becoming little more

than ladder-like ledges in a chute roughly 10 feet

wide. This well shaft climbs until it reaches a small

landing with a curtained archway. Nearby stands

a bucket, winch, and rope. Beyond the curtain is

the Yawning Portal's cellar. Duman has no inkling

that an entrance to Undermountain lies beyond the

flooded cistern at the bottom of the well, nor would

he be inclined to share that information.

Yawning  Portal:

Patrons and

Hands

Containing the most well-known and publicly avail

able entrance into Undermountain, the Yawning

Portal attracts a wide variety of gawkers and thrill

seekers, all hoping to witness the latest batch of

adventurers being lowered into the dungeon . Your

players' characters make up such a group, and thus

the Yawning Portal makes a great place to start them

on their adventures.

If the characters use the inn as a home base of

sorts, they're likely to spend some time chatting up

the locals. The following entries offer a peek into

the lives of patrons and inn workers with whom the

heroes might interact. You can use these character

sketches as they are or as inspiration for your own

nonplayer characters.

DURNAN THE  SIXTH

A direct descendant of the Yawning Portal's founder,

Durnan the Sixth runs the inn in the same manner

his forebears did. Like the original Duman, he backs

his policies with the point of a sword if necessary.

Duman understands the tradition established and

honored within the Yawning Portal's walls, and he

knows adventurers of all shapes and sizes are vital to

that history. A practical fellow, Duman shows great

respect for  all dungeon delvers who enter his tavern

through its doors and exit it through the well into

Undermountain. Despite that respect, Duman does

not tolerate violence or suspicious behavior in his

establishment.

Duman's wife, Kelsie, is a sturdy and pleasant

faced woman. She is the daughter of the Yawning

Portal's previous cook, and she and Duman have

been best friends since the two were toddlers. Their

large family includes nine children, ranging in ages

from nineteen years to four months. The oldest is

Duman the Seventh, a strong and capable lad who

aches to follow in the original Duman's footsteps and

seek his fortune in Undermountain. The next oldest

is seventeen-year-old Minuet, a lively and intelligent

lass who works hard to assist her parents in manag

ing the business. However, like her older brother, she

longs for  a more exciting life than counting coins or

being married off to some rich merchant's son-much

to her parents' consternation. Despite Duman and

Kelsie's immense regard for adventurers, they respect

the dangers ofUndermountain even more, and they

do all in their power to discourage their children

from such a path.

YAWNING  PORTAL:  PATRONS  AND  HANDS

I Durnan  the  Sixth

CORPORAL  KNAG

During the day, a well-armed and armored elderly

man can be seen keeping the peace and doing an

honest day's work in the city district that holds the

Yawning Portal. At night, that same man, without his

uniform, can be found inside the Yawning Portal.

Endroth Knag has been a member of the City

Watch for decades. In fact, his superiors have been

pressuring him to retire for years now. But Corpo

ral Knag has an enduring passion that keeps him

committed to his work: he hates mysteries. Indeed,

Corporal Knag's zeal for uncovering the truth when

presented with crimes or puzzles has earned him

both promotions and demotions throughout his long

career.

As usual, Corporal Knag has been using his time

off to ponder various unresolved cases as he quietly

sips ale in the Yawning Portal's taproom. Two myster

ies currently preoccupy him.

Recently, an entire team of the Cellarers &  Plumb

ers' Guild went missing while working in the sewers

(see Area 13, page 30). Aside from the signs of a

scuffle, no trace of the guild's members has been

found. Corporal Knag's superiors believe some sewer

beast devoured them, but Knag doesn't see it that

way. According to the old patroller, who can be heard

grumbling as he ruminates, "not enough blood" was

spilled at the scene.

The other mystery filling Knag's thoughts is the

disappearance ofJosephus Blaze, a known murderer

(see Area 47, page 64). Wanted for the gruesome

slayings of a merchant and his family, the killer

has evaded capture. On the whole, Waterdhavians

assume Blaze fled the city, but Knag thinks he has

too many ties to Waterdeep to take flight so easily.

THE WHITE  LADY

Several months ago, an elderly elf wearing plain

white robes came into the Yawning Portal. She

placed a few silver coins on the bar, ordered a mead

and plate of food by pointing at what she wanted, and

then took a seat at a table. After eating, she began

whispering. People approached her to make sure she

was not in distress, and they realized she was repeat

ing the same statements in an endless loop: "The eye

is open. It casts its glance far. Some follow the eye's

glance, coming here. Some fall in and spiral down

like a whirlpool. Nothing lies at the bottom. Even the

darkness is empty. The eye cannot see. The eye is

open."

After sitting at the table for a couple hours, she left.

The next afternoon, she repeated the process. And

every day since, the elf, whom patrons have dubbed

the White Lady, has done the same thing. She some

times whispers the words in a different language, but

Priests of Oghma approached her one day, think-

able to make sense of it, and the White Lady resists

all attempts at interruption.

the message never changes. So far, no one has been  0

z

<(

:I:

Cl

ing she might be a prophet. Their insistence in

~

questioning the White Lady perturbed her, and she

began screaming and hurling things at them. Durnan  Vl

then banned her from the Yawning Portal, but she

Z

wandered in the next evening as though nothing had  0

c:r:::

happened, mutely pointing to her order. Rather than

f-

risk another scene, Durnan decided to make sure

~

the White Lady remained unmolested while at his

establishment.

Thus far, no one has followed the White Lady to

~

~

learn more about her. Waterdhavians give her a wide  0

berth, many worrying her madness might be conta-

0..

gious. They're right to worry.

lJ

The White Lady mutely tends to disease-afflicted  Z

individuals in a small hostel a few streets away

Z

from the Yawning Portal. Not long ago, adventurers  S

emerged from Undermountain, one babbling madly  ~

following an encounter in the dungeon. The White

Lady took him in, and whatever malady the patient

suffers from has begun to affect her.

Portions of the White Lady's skin, hidden beneath

her voluminous robes, have become translucent and

hard. However, the White Lady's daily mantra

words revealed to her in a dream- have halted the

growth of these crystal-like spots. It has also fogged

her thoughts. At first, the elderly elf felt inexplicably

drawn to the Yawning Portal. But now she doesn't

consider her actions, performing her daily routines as

ifin a trance.

BROTHER  SEPULCHER

A grim and morose man, Brother Sepulcher (the only

name by which he is known) has remained at the

Yawning Portal for the past ten days , paying Duman

for a room and spending most of his waking hours in

the tavern. He drinks little alcohol and eats sparingly.

While in the taproom, the bald, gaunt priest of

Jergal, the exarch of proper burial and final rest-

ing places, devotes himself to recording the names

and descriptions of each person who enters Under

mountain. He often questions anyone preparing to

enter the dungeon about their relatives, spiritual

inclinations, and intended Undermountain des

tinations. While he does this, Brother Sepulcher

sometimes removes a measuring tape from his robes

and stretches it in front of an individual. When the

priest deems someone too tall, he calmly informs the

dungeon delver's companions that to lay the person's

body to rest in Undermountain, should he or she die,

they'll need to break its legs. Once they fold the legs

over, Brother Sepulcher continues, the body should

YAW N I N G  PORTAL:  PATRONS  AND  HANDS

I Brother  Sepulcher

fit, albeit snugly, in any burial niche or sarcophagus

they encounter.

Perpetually dressed in gray robes and long white

gloves, Brother Sepulcher gives many tavern regu

lars the creeps. The priest's habit of removing a skull

from his robes and staring at it unblinkingly for long

moments has a fair amount to do with their reaction.

Brother Sepulcher's order wants to inspect certain

tombs in Undermountain and catalog the corpses

interred within them. Brother Sepulcher arrived

here with Sister Palonya, who entered the dungeon

to relieve the priest already cataloging the tombs (see

Areas 31  and 32, pages 47-49). Brother Sepulcher

has neither seen nor heard from Palonya since her

descent. Given Undermountain's vastness, Brother

Sepulcher is not terribly concerned. To pass the time,

he studies those courting death in Toril's belly. Still,

as the days wear on, the priest has begun to consider

seeking some magical means of communicating with

Sister Palonya and check on her progress.

llMPOLD  STEINRUT

Most nights oflate, the dwarf many know as

"Grumpold" can be found sprawled amid empty

tankards and bottles at his corner table, his beard

soaking up any spilled swill. Umpold is a longtime

tavern regular, so Durnan knows why he's turned

sodden, and the innkeeper has decided not to chuck

the drunken dwarf out on his rumpled rump. He's in

mourning. His brother, Angus Steinrut, recently dis

appeared and is believed dead.

Angus and Umpold always came into the Yawning

Portal together to while away the hours with meals

and games in their favorite booth. The two broth-

ers used the booth as a second living room, inviting

guests and friends to visit them there and using it for

all manner of tasks, both business and personal.

These days, Umpold weaves unsteadily into the

inn after his shift at the tannery, smelling of his

work and drink and looking downright dangerous.

If other patrons are in his booth when he arrives, the

bereaved brother stands close to them, stares coldly,

and harrumphs loudly until the intruders leave of

their own accord or a server comes to offer them

another table and a free drink for the inconvenience.

Umpold then proceeds to drink himself into a stupor,

which takes quite a while.

Despite appearances, Umpold is drinking with

a purpose greater than assuaging his grie The last

time Umpold saw Angus, the two were enjoying

a typical raucous evening in their Yawning Portal

booth. Even though Umpold was deep in his cups,

he remembers Angus mentioning something strange

about his recent employment with the Cellarers &

Plumbers' Guild. Umpold believes that if he can rec

reate his state of mind that night, he'll remember

what Angus said and have some clue about his broth

er's disappearance. (Umpold refuses to believe Angus

is dead despite the City Watch's declaration.)

SANFIN  LOTTE

Sanfin Lotte is an attractive human male rarely seen

outside the Yawning Portal. Although the young man

claims supplying stories to the city's various broad

sheets is how he makes his money, he also earns a

great deal of coin selling secrets to the highest bid

ders. Sanfin engages in a bit ofblackmail, too, when

the opportunity arises.

The broadsheet stories he sells are infamous for

exposing scandal and spreading rumor. If asked

about his sources, the writer says the Yawning Portal

is a great place to keep an eye on all parts ofWater

deep. Very few Waterdhavians know Sanfin does

much more with the information he gathers than

write gossipy stories. Of course, the master manipu

lator keeps his client roster of power players, both

in Waterdeep and Undermountain, under careful

guard. That protective attitude, however, doesn't

dissuade him from discreetly playing one side in a

dispute against another.

Chloe, a parakeet, is Sanfin's constant companion

and something of a shared pet among the Yawning

Portal's hands and regulars. When Chloe perches on

his shoulder, Sanfin speaks softly to her as if she can

understand him. Then the bird often flits to a serv

er's shoulder or pecks at crumbs on a patron's table.

Recently, Chloe has taken to diving into the well as

parties begin their descent into Undermountain, twit

tering gaily to dungeon divers as she disappears into

the darkness below. While this behavior worried

Chloe's admirers at first, they no longer fret because

the brightly colored bird has always returned swiftly

and safely, often before the adventurers have reached

the well's bottom.

OLD  STANNOC

Whenever a group of adventurers is being lowered

down or brought out ofUndermountain, a flurry

of activity takes place at a table near the bar. At the

center of that flurry is Stannoc, an elderly halfling.

Some folk claim that only the Yawning Portal's walls

have seen more of its history than Old Stannoc.

The halfling has made his living as a gambler

and odds maker, speculating on various aspects of

adventurers' Undermountain careers. The last sur

face-spoken words many a doomed adventurer has

heard were Old Stannoc's as he shouted out the long

odds he was giving on the dungeon diver's survival.

As would befit a person of his occupation, Stan

noc is a relatively good judge of a person's character

and mettle. To get a better idea of divers' abilities,

YAWNING  PORTAL:  PATRONS  AND  HANDS

I Old  Stannoc

0

can unobtrusively listen in on talk from the wider

city and its visitors - and keep an eye on Sanfin Lotte.  z

The open lord employs Sanfin, too, but Neverember

<C

does not trust the writer. Agada has no proof Sanfin is

:C

working at cross purposes with the open lord, but she  0 z

has grown suspicious of Chloe, speculating that some

<C

magic might be enabling Sanfin to use the bird for

Vl

nefarious purposes. Agada intends to covertly nab the  Z

0

bird as soon as some large distraction draws every-

1:1!

one's attention.

f-

<C

Cl..

...1

~

1:1!

0

Cl..

v

z

z

$

~

RUUDI  STONEKIN

Ruudi is a recent addition to the Yawning Portal

tableau. She can usually be found at a corner table

pawing through the countless sheafs of parchment

and scroll tubes laid out before her. She claims to

be distant kin to the Melairkyn dwarves, the clan

that originally carved out significant portions of

Undermountain.

When she is not poring over tomes and scrolls,

the young dwarf converses with people who claim

to have knowledge ofUndermountain. Ruudi offers

a friendly, enthusiastic, and generous face to anyone

who approaches her with questions or information

about the dungeon's history, architecture, or layout.

However, she presents a long-suffering and gruff

mask to anyone wasting her time with other topics.

Ruudi's map mania isn't limited to Undermoun

tain's bowels. She also has maps of the Yawning

Portal, Waterdeep's streets, and all the public foun

tains in each of the city's wards. Tavern regulars even

joke that Ruudi consults a map before heading to

the privies.

Ruudi sells her maps ofUndermountain for steep

prices, even though most are only unconnected por

tions of the dungeon or long strings of hallways with

few rooms attached to them. The dwarf also pur

chases for generous amounts maps delvers create,

provided they represent parts of the dungeon she has

not yet mapped. When anyone is drawn up from the

well's bottom, Ruudi jumps atop a chair or table and

cranes her neck to see over the usual crowd of con

gratulators, hoping to catch the delver's eye.

Stannoc attempts to converse with adventurers before

they descend. Similarly, adventurers might be able to

glean some secret about Undermountain from Stan

noc, because the elderly halfling knows things about

the dungeon others might have forgotten.

MAKLIN  MUCKLAR

An enterprising gnome named Maklin has sole per

mission from Duman to sell alchemical products and

potions within the establishment, a profit-sharing

deal that also gives Maklin some insurance against

the damage to the furniture his mixtures sometimes

cause.

Maklin is  a distant and aloof gnome ofindetermi

nate age. Even those of generous nature say the little

fellow is quite odd. Duman believes the gnome is

eccentric but honest. Plus, the innkeeper really enjoys

the large kickback Maklin gives him.

No one has ever complained about Maklin's goods

or his slightly high prices until recently. Days ago,

a male human stormed into the Yawning Portal

claiming he bought a healing potion from Maklin in

Baldur's Gate several years ago, and the potion was

poisoned. He was escorted out of the tavern, all the

while screaming about how the potion had killed his

companion and that Maklin would pay. The shouter,

however, hasn't been heard from since. Some assume

the incident was a misunderstanding, but the Yawn

ing Portal's regulars are keeping a wary eye on the

gnome now.

AGADA VANE

A human shopkeeper of middle age and stern coun

tenance, Agada Vane frequents the Yawning Portal's

taproom on a regular basis. Agada runs a success-

ful trade in metalwork for the home and dry goods.

Known as a fierce competitor and fair employer, she

has earned the respect ofWaterdeep's merchant

lords and guilds. She has a softer side, too, which her

tea-party attendees have come to know. Held weekly

in the back of her shop, Agada's gatherings attract

dozens who settle in to trade homemade treats, gentle

jibes, and gossip.

YetAgada Vane has even more layers. She also

works as a personal spy in this sector for Lord Nev

erember, the open lord ofWaterdeep. The open lord

pays Agada well to note others' activities, rumors she

hears, and anything of interest she sees. The crafty

spy sends her updates to Neverember in the shop's

weekly shipment of goods to Castle Waterdeep. Her

work has become even more valuable to the open lord

now that he is so often guiding affairs in the city of

Neverwinter to the south.

The Yawning Portal serves Agada well in her task.

From any one ofits polished, well-worn booths, she

YAWNI N G  PORTAL :  PATRONS  AND  HANDS  I Ruudi  Stonekin

Adventures  in

Underinountain

dungeon. Other adventurers or nonhostile monsters

might encounter your players' characters while they

rest, leading to tense moments but not lead to battle

unless the heroes provoke it.

Whether crafting whole adventures in Undermoun

tain or an unexpected pit stop when players run into

some room not detailed herein, two things should be

kept in mind.

Undermountain is your playground: Feel free

to devise whatever you want and do whatever will

make your game the most fun. Add features you don't

see on the map. Change area or adventure details

this book describes. Modify monsters and location

descriptions as you see fit. Undermountain is a quix

otic, magical, and ancient dungeon; anything could

happen!

Undermountain is your players' playground:

Undermountain should be both dangerous to the

characters and delightful to their players. It should

be a funhouse of all the best parts ofD&D. Of course,

part of the fun ofD&D is defeating enemies and

winning through despite the dangers. So make sure

you're not too brutal, and provide ways for the heroes

to take breaks.

RESTING  IN

UNDERMOUNTAIN

Adventurers are apt to attract monsters with the noise

they make and encounter new threats around each

corner. So at some point, they'll need to rest and recu

perate. They can do this in any number of ways. They

might bar the doors to a room they've already cleared

or rest in a hidden chamber behind a secret door.

They might even flee back to the Yawning Portal to

recuperate in the comfort ofDurnan's hospitality.

If characters are allowed to safely rest at will

in Undermountain, the dungeon is likely to seem

easy and less fun. However, if wandering monsters

endlessly harass adventurers, their time in Under

mountain is apt to feel like a chore. The DM needs to

strike the right balance.

To vary players' experiences, have some rests be

peaceful and interrupt others. If characters take

appropriate steps to avoid dungeon inhabitants, their

caution should be rewarded. I adventurers act care

lessly, monsters should come to investigate their

activities.

Interruptions could also take the form of

experiences that put characters on edge but don't nec

essarily rob them of their rest. A hero on watch duty

might spot a scary monster ambling through the halls

and remain hidden in anxious silence until it passes.

Strange dreams might haunt one or more adventur

ers-nightmares that seem to tell the future or hint

at dangers or treasure to be found deeper in the

USING THIS  BOOK'S

ADVENTURES

This book's three adventures are designed for  1st- to

5th-level characters. The adventures can be played in

any order.

If you play the adventures as they are written,

lower-level characters will obviously have a harder

time than higher-level characters. What this means

for your group depends on how you like to play.

If your players are up to the challenge of playing

1st-level heroes in Undermountain, it's likely their

characters will have to retreat and rest often. If you

have characters of higher level, they'll have an easier

time. To make the adventures more difficult, add foes

to encounters and increase the Difficulty Class, or

DCs, of skill checks by a point or two.

Monster Statistics

Monsters' statistics do not, for the most part, accom

pany the creatures' mentions in the text. Instead,

the statistics blocks for monsters can be found in the

Monster Appendix, which starts on page 93, or the

Monster VaulC' accessory. You can also use the online

D&D Compendium to reference monster statistics.

Room  Details

Unless otherwise stated, all areas in Undermountain

have the following features in common:

+ Chambers are presumed to be unlit.

+ Doors are made of stone (DC 16 Strength check to

force open; AC/Reflex 4, Fortitude 12; 80 hp).

+ Hallway ceilings are 10 feet high.

+ Room ceilings are 15 feet high.

+ Walls are rough surfaces (DC 20 Athletics check

to climb).

Feel free to modify these elements as you see fit.

Most of the rooms the adventures describe do not

have detailed maps. When encounters happen in

those areas, the maps' specifics are yours to devise.

Dungeon Tiles are a great resource for building

encounter areas. Don't worry too much if the encoun

ter map you make doesn't exactly match what you

see on the Levell poster map; do what's best for

your game.

ADVENTURES  I N  UNDERMOUNTAIN  I UsinB  This  Book's  Adventures

Coming from  D&D

Encounters

If you or your players have just wrapped up The

Elder Elemental Eye season ofD&D ENCOUNTERS, this

product can continue its plot. In this case, the heroes

arrive in Undermountain not through the Yawning

Portal, but through a magic gate in a former temple

of Ghaunadaur in the Heartlands, near the western

edge of Cormyr. It deposits them in Area 77C (page

87). Their Undermountain adventures begin with

a battle against Elder Elemental Eye cultists. Once

those foes  are defeated, however, all the thrills, trea

sures, and dangers ofUndermountain await them.

It might seem the characters' struggles against

the Abyssal plague and Elder Elemental Eye are over

once they've vanquished the cultists, but other Halls

ofUndermountain elements hint at related dangers. If

you want to continue the plot beyond Area 77, con

sider picking up the following threads.

+ The White Lady (page 11) could be infected with

the Abyssal plague.

+ A runin with an enchanted Elder Elemental Eye

symbol could have driven Zarr (page 35) mad.

+ Dayan (page 55) could mark undead creatures

he creates with the Elder Elemental Eye's spiral

instead of the skull-and-dagger symbol.

+ Matheena (page 63) might suffer from the Abyssal

plague's beginning stages.

+ The spiral symbol near the door to the secret room

through which Rutherford and Lord Quarren

Urmbrusk can be located (see Area 63, page 78)

could be that of the Elder Elemental Eye.

+ Of the "Rutherford's Fate" (page  73) options, "mad

ness" would mesh best with the D&D Encounters

season's plot, and the demonic temple to which the

young lord travels could be dedicated to the Elder

Elemental Eye.

Exactly how these elements connect and what threats

they pose to Undermountain, Waterdeep, or the

Realms beyond are up to you.

If you ran the D&D ENCOUNTERS season, you'll

find the format and options in this book's adventures

to be more open. Players won't necessarily have an

encounter in each hour of play, and they will have a

greater ability to choose their own course. If you're

unfamiliar with this style of play, the following advice

for creating your own adventures should help.

z

CREATING YOUR

~

z

OWN ADVENTURES

:J

Undermountain can serve as a blank canvas for your  0

adventure ideas. Virtually any dungeon scenario you  ~

can imagine could be set within its first level. Perhaps  I..I.J

~

an evil cult from the surface has set up a temple in

the dungeon. A noble family's crypts might be housed  :J

in chambers they reach through a magic gate. Drow

z

could be using a portion ofUndermountain's first

level as a base of operation for raids into Waterdeep.

The heroes might hear about a magic item in Under

mountain that is the only sure way to lift a curse one

of them is under. A scrap of parchment the adventur

ers find could bear a map leading to fabulous wealth

some criminal the heroes captured hid in Under

mountain. The possibilities are endless.

Vi

LJ.J

0::

:J

1-z

>

Cl

<(

LJ.J

Getting There

No matter what your adventure idea is, you need a

way to move the adventurers from wherever they are

to the dungeon area you want them to explore. Iflet

ting them wander about isn't your style, try one or

more of the following approaches.

Magic Gate: Magic gateways, or portals, link

many Undermountain rooms to each other and can

put the heroes right where they need to be. A gate or

portal could also be unstable, appearing only at cer

tain times, or one-way.

Teleport Malfunction: In ages past, powerful

magic that protected Undermountain blocked tele

portation magic into and within the dungeon. Only

possession of a horned ring (page 45) allowed unfet

tered use of teleportation powers. This magic has

since faded, but its echoes sometimes do strange

things to teleportation attempts. Characters using a

teleportation circle or some other mystical means of

moving about the dungeon might be rerouted to a

new destination.

Captives: If you're facing a party wipeout, you

could have foes  capture rather than kill the adven

turers, giving the characters a chance to escape near

your planned adventure. Assuming the villains take

away the heroes' magic items, allow players to win

them back (and gain some extras to boot).

Mapped Route: The characters could gain access

to a map that leads to an amazing treasure or some

other goal. Your planned adventure could be at the

end of that map or something that happens to the

adventurers along the way.

Bad Directions: The heroes could be told some

thing they seek is hidden in Undermountain but

discover your adventure instead. Or an enemy they

track might deliberately lead the characters into a

dangerous area of your design.

ADVENTURES  IN  UNDERMOUNTAIN  I Creatina  Your  Own  Adventures

ROOM  PURPOSE

d1 00

In this room ...

J:l~~~~{;RYtiL~!Q!"~U;~ffl.,flU.,q!J~tL!"J!JIJlEh, c~m~c~""-~" ~"~

:f:4

FIRE SHRINE: Red stone carvings honor fire and

fiery elemental beings.

c.,.,.,

:'6 -"~0JSP[AVJ-IAIL! 'DusiY relfcsof cotiquesCmofder~

ROOM  PURPOSE

d1 00

In this room ...

ABANDONED ROOM: Foul-smelling liquid  leaches~

~DLI,U~gb.,s:.r.AckdgJ.Il~i .  g.

Game Room: Tables with dice, cards, and other

games await new players.

.J

7-8

BARRACKS, NEW:  Beds, footlockers, and practice

~quipment are well tended.

i

!~~i~~s J?~!!-!~l!nJ:!!!;)~d shelves.  __ --~--'''

59-60  STAR STUDY: The ceiling is covered with drawings

[S't:58~"8urial~firepara'tiol1l~"'"o_o_m_:_,A,...Ia-rg-e-st_o_n_e--sc;-la""b~t~ ' " '''"'

['~rro~- ttAstAAt.r:t<mi'wooden6etict.iS' anfia61

7-.~~LI,lR.i!L'L~Jtt!!!~~

11-12  EMPTY BATHS: Three small bathing pools sit

empty.

111:14  STOREROOM: Storage~she ves,  a.rre s, an

L,,--W.Qod~'lcrat!;l~J2~~U~,eJ:.,~~Ilt!!.c:l!li~on~

15-16  TORTURE CHAMBER: Torture and incarceration

devices are caked in old  blood and bits of flesh.

fit~..;t~--,~Yii'fE.Ni~IE:Il;ligi,otis 'riioiifs]iom~r ~m,~Y!ig~it:i

19-:iO  ARCANE LABORATORY: Odd smells and scorched

of constellations.

:z--suMM.ONING'RooM:Atiied summmoonniinn;g'Cirelle 'l

:k, 7-""""'"'~<:ril.l~tl,.~i!hru7n~~ .i~.,~,eti!l!.b~f!::oo.,or,. ____  ,.u,,",

63-64  LIBRARY: Wooden bookshelves line the walls.

[65'~6ii'- [6

"UN'GE! Paddedwoo"den furniture is scattered

7

~-~--~t~!!!!'!,~tilc.S:~fl~tilt~~Q~fl~~!ll.lJ,e.~----

67-68  CELLAR: Stocked wooden wine racks and stacked

racks of wooden barrels look aged .

. :"'lcr ' VA0LtTAI1  iroti door secures a"lirickree~I:Uii'SI;ctiion~'l

walls testify to arcane experiments.

71-72  ABANDONED CAMP:  Bedrolls and a cooling

!'I~I~.,,:t~2rm!StJ!~N5::IrorL~ig~ib!!~?tJ~(g~,  pJ!f!L2,s:k~!J

'23 -24  SPARE ROOM: A mass of webs nearly fills this

,ot(lerwise empty chamber.

;:is=:iir'- slfTIN(I'RooM:'carefuity~crat'ted-couthes c1rKI--l

i__'"!~_ble~,,b,<:~~~J?~~n ,2X~!,t!lJ!'!~!IJ2Pf2~!!1.~f!;!Y~

:Jt~:i8  KITCHEN:  Foodstuffs, a fireplace and cook pot, a

preparation area, and dishes and utensils clutter

the area.

129:3o~REFUSEROOMTGar6age or otherr,"' febriS'i~~pfi;(l -,

L,-~..a. !Jc.PJ!Il~1fli!"g h~;glt~

Jf.<J1  BUTCHERY:  Hunks of meat hang from  hooks.

.m

tRAfNING, ROOM!.PrafficeCJummieTimd trainlngl

~ql!iem~nt!!r~,s;!;!7!!t~d7!!'!A7!:1~~~~~,~"-

THRON.E ROOM: A throne sits atop a raised dais.

AOoitoRiUNi!'ti~d seating wra'~~aroun"d"

~

''-"--,~!!~,.,1 leaving ,the cflarn~~.r:~f~!!!~Lt>P.~fl,,,,=,,,"~"&

ALCHEMIST'S  LAB:  Mundane alchemical

equipment and components are spread atop

"'"""""""~'"  tables.

F1 :4r-~UARDROOM: Arrow silts are-serintothe walls:-~

j

l-.

.Cre~tures mu~t~sq!Je~J;!!O ent~I'JIJ!QYgh thern..

43-44  STONE ROOM: The walls, ceiling, and floor are

carved from natural stone.

r4s:"46 - H:AIC<WsfAtu'Es: nf'elikemarble -statues remaiill

L-~~~.:l,l!1bl,eJn!shed aqt!p,rfectlu;t~lh-""""~"'-"  ""~-,.J

'47-48 .  BARRACKS, FORGOTTEN: Cots, footlockers, and

equipment are broken and aged.

BATRsr large p9olsbrim'wiiJi warm, s<ented"'

water. Fluffy towels and jars of colored liquid sit 

nearby~

GOOD TEMPLE: Religious motifs honor a good

god.

campfire have been hastily abandoned.

,,. ~ ~74 "-tARGEfRANct:   wooc:fall<fstrawtargets"llave"

!lru"'''~'"-"''l.l~~fl!:i!l!llt!<l,~"i!ll.Proj~<;tile~~,="~--~,-~,-.

75-76  MAZE: Thin walls open into a maze of narrow

.  ""

'77?78 - POO[:Awitfe""and(leep pool ~ist'illed wit~at  IC

passages.

!i9V!tl:

79-80  STUDY: Comfortable wooden furniture houses an

assortment of books, papers, and writing utensils.

:r- MEETING. ROOM: Matching chair$' su~rrou!UI a

_.Jm2!'h!l~22.!l~!:t!<:!~l!!~. ,~,.-~~~~"-~

83-.84  MAP CHAMBER: An  mosaic of tiny tiles decorates

the floor, creating a map of the North that marks

names of places now lost to history.

185:'86  DESECRA"fED"fEMPlE.:'8enche.s lace an altaithat

has be~n crack~d i.n half. N()  religious icons can b



87-88  SCROLL ROOM: Wooden scroll racks have been

~~()tt!!!t!-~-;s  ~~-r+-r~ cr~,u7rrc.A77 .-r.cr~cr!!!!L&Hr&C!-~!r1J

89~90

clumsily nailed into the walls.

AR~Nxrwl)c)(lenl:l~ncfles'surround 'a "'rope(l:on,~"'~

':'.~~.!l'c~::"m!o~rC?.::'!~~~!,:7~"~~!rr77~!C!-rcrr-~mmrrrccmccrc7c=c~ .. ,., . . .  777777 ,.i

FORGE: A forge, anvil, bellows, and smith's tools

await use.

r93"I94  scui'PfED HALL:  B

as~reliefsculptures look worn'

L

91-92

7

t

95-96  MUSEUM:  Pottery and relics sport descriptive

plaques written in Common.

[jr: 9s- - c .EilLTFourseb offron shatk'les- arerattaclledt

iim-rrr~u,rscc.',r.~.,~Q'!X~!'lgS. S~.,U'!,~JJl~,t[{tQJL,"""'''~r,rr-,,r.cL-'-"

99-iOO  ROOM OF RUNES:  Undecipherable chalk runes

cover every surface.

ADVENTURES  IN  UNDERMOUNTAIN  I Creatin8  Your  Own  Adventures

Feature

_Small piles of humanoid bones

Underground stream crossing room

Marble-sized rubble covering floor

Discarded traveling pack

~JYt~Lwith dem()njc motif

Fountain with centaur sculpture

Phosphorescent fungus on walls

Single mirror affixed to each wall

_ ~f surfaces polished smooth

Black stone obelisk set in floor

Dam-p wa_lls _~n4 ~9-oJing moisture

Partially submerged in water

Open 30-foot-deep pit with garbage

Lectern with an old book resting on it

Tinyfllrniture filling_;1~.ea

NATURAL ROOM FEATURES

d1 00

1-2

3-4

5-6

7-8

9-10

11-12

13-14

15-16

17-18

19-20

21-22

23-24

25-26

27-28

29-30

31-32  Bloodstains covering walls

33-34--Targe skull nailed to eic:it door

35-36  Pillars carved as haunting spirits

37-38  _Two sitting skeiE!t()ns holding ha.mh

39-40  Old, rusty picks and shovels

41-42  . :thick yellow mold coating arecl"

43-44  Stacks of books with doodles inside

45-46

30-foot-deep well in floor

47-48

20-foot-deep, 10-foot-wide chasm

49-50

J~~!en stone blo!=.li(f_rom  c~iling)  __

Small stone marbles covering floor

51-52

Statue of rearingdragon

53-54

Stick figure drawings on walls

55-56

~ad rantings \ll{ritten on ceiling

57-58

Entire room painted purple

59-60

61-62

W:!lbbl)' floor, as iff!.ala_nced on ~.n:axis

Rusty chains hanging from ceiling

63-64

Three neatly folded  sets of old clothes

65-66

Burning incense bowls

67-68

69-70

.~lue~and covering l!Q.or

71-72

Large gong

~roken brooms cQvering floor

73-74

Stuffed dummies used for target practice

75-76

Human skeleton partially set in floor

77-78

79-80  Old worktable covered with glass containers

81-8 i---~m~lly, empty Ele~ kegs cut in HiJL

83-84  Broken glass sphere on pedestal

85-86  Pool of green liquid (algae water>-----~-

87-88  Skeletal arm attached to rusty axe

89-~0  Pil.es of unmortared stacked bricks

91-92  Set of ten large iron keys on  ring

93-94  Vafof'solidified animal fat

95-96

97-98

99-100

200 feet of rope strung about room

Furniture glued to ceiling

Mural of Halaster Blackcloak

---~-.......,.

z

~

z

:J

0

:'E

0:::

u.J

0

z

:J

z

Vl

u.J

0:::

:J

1-

z

u.J

>

0

.:r:

MAGICAL ROOM FEATURES

d1 00

1-2

3-4

5 ~ 6

7-8

~ -10

11-12

Feature

Room has an antigravity or reversegravit  effect

Nymph statue screams if touched

Full, hot, nourishing meal is SP-read out on table

Flickering, multicolored ball  lights room

~<i!l!~!=~ntinua!lyJ>I.e~~

15-16  Warm, pungent mist ding to creatures

17-18  S!!!faces are covered in ice

19-20

[21-22  _,_Talking portraitshang"on the walli

23-24  Whispering voices offer insults

Illusory golden fish swim in  rippling pool

27-28

29-30

31-32

33-34

35-36

37-38

39-40

.:1-1-42

43-44

47-48

49-50

51-52

53-5"4

~pE!edy magic balrbounces around._ __ __  ~

Blue smoke fills  area

TliJf~j~g goblin skll!f~P_E!aks only .li.E!~

Wall spout pours endless stream of sour beer

ln~ible, thin membrane cove rs~dlrorways

Area is  unnaturally cold

~llrfaces are al!_s!t!=~)' (tacky)

Voices converse in ancient language

_C~~~~ures ente!:frig!'lr~a appear fo_sJ1ri_nk

Pile of bones scuttles around room

Area is  unnaturally""'h""o-=-t __

Smell of lemons fills area

~~iidowy figure !>J!J:~~ns one he~()-=-~--=~----~

Spirit follows creatures while in  room

Random tappin_g comes from _fl"'o-=o~r~-~-~

All  voices inside room echo

GloJ:>es of water float  around room

99-100  Floating knives somersault around room

A D V E NTURES  I N  UNDE RMOUN T AI N  J  Creatin8  Y our  Own  Adventures

Righting a Wrong Turn

In an adventure location as sprawling as Undermoun

tain, the characters will inevitably go in a direction

for which you haven't planned. When this happens,

don't panic You can get them back within your com

fort zone in a number of ways.

Frighten: When the adventurers go astray of their

goals or wander into an area you have not prepared

for them, a good scare could inspire them to back

track. All it might take is the sight of a beholder or

dragon crossing the hallway ahead without seeming

to notice them. Any suitably terrifying monster or

heinous trap might do, but never underestimate brave

and foolhardy adventurers. No matter what scare

tactic you use, you have to be ready for the players to

call your bluff. Perhaps that beholder the 3rd-level

adventurers just saw is a clever illusion, or maybe it's

the real deal and a mighty eye tyrant will subjugate

or kill them.

Block: Blocking the characters' progress into

other dungeon areas is a simple and direct tactic. But

be wary of overusing it, because it can make play-

ers feel trapped on a predetermined path. The best

blocks feel as though they belong to the adventure or

hint at adventures to come. Having a hall ceiling sud

denly collapse seems odd if the heroes haven't been

experiencing tremors for some time. In contrast, an

iron door sealed with a magic lock carved from a

giant ruby might compel the adventurers to retrace

their steps in search of a ruby key.

Improvise: Awesome adventures are 1 percent

inspiration and 99 percent improvisation. Instead

of a wrong turn taking the heroes out of your adven

ture, maybe it takes them further in. A chamber on

the periphery might contain a patrol group coming

back to report or deserters ready to attack anyone

who comes from the heroes' direction. You might

take inspiration from your adventure's details to

generate new rooms associated with it, or you could

move a chamber from one location to another in the

direction the adventurers are heading. Alternatively,

you could make up something wholly new using the

room-generating tables (pages 16-17).

Generating Random

Dungeon Rooms

When the heroes encounter a room or chamber not

detailed in Halls of Undermountain, you can use the

following tables to help flesh out details. Roll once on

the Room Purpose table to learn a room's appearance

and then as many times as you like on the Natural

Room Features and Magical Room Features tables

(page 17). If the results don't make sense, or you don't

like them, reroll them. If you want to include mon

sters and would like an idea to inspire you, roll on the

Random Encounters table (page 89).

Co~nbining the

Adventures

This book's three adventures can be played separately  ,

as stand-alone play experiences. Each contains its own

reasons for the characters to head into Undermoun

tain, as well as a patron and plot hooks. The adventures

can also be melded together into a single campaign.

The following information details that larger plot.

PRICE  OF  NOBILITY

House Urmbrusk has a long and honored place in

Waterdeep's history. This 1=enturies-old family has

provided moneylending and land-buying services

to many merchants and temples over the years. The

house is most famous, however, for the tendency of

its scions to leave the secured walls of its ancestral

manor to seek adventures in that grandest of dun

geons beneath the city.

Three years ago, the family's patriarch, Lord Quar

ren Urmbrusk, joined the ranks of his ancestors who

had traded in finery for  armor, believing the sword

was in fact mightier than the pen. He set his affairs

in order and left his younger sister, Lady Lestra Urm

brusk, in charge of the family's interests. In doing so,

he granted her custody of his only child, a teenaged

lad named Rutherford, whose mother had passed

away in childbirth. With Rutherford, the heir to the

house's fortunes, under her authority, Lady Lestra

took the house's reins with carefully cloaked glee.

Lord Quarren, meanwhile, recruited others seek

ing fame and fortune, and together they trained with

the goal of making their marks in Undermountain.

Lady Lestra, however, was intent on Under mountain

making its mark on her elder brother-because no

place in Waterdeep was as convenient for masking

murder as fate. She bribed the members of Quar

ren's adventuring party, paying them handsomely to

make sure he breathed his last breath in the dungeon

beneath the city.

When Quarren didn't return from his adventure

and no news of his whereabouts-or death-came

back to Lestra, she assumed Undermountain's perils

had taken both her brother and those she had hired

to kill him. However, four weeks ago, a voice spoke

into Rutherford's mind. Sounding exactly like his

father's, the voice begged the young man to lead a

rescue party into Undermountain. Ever the good son,

Rutherford put together an expedition of his own.

Four weeks have now passed since her nephew

entered the dungeon, and Lady Lestra is concerned.

Her brother might still be alive and, worse yet, might

know of her betrayal. Furthermore, she cannot take

official control of the house until she can prove

COMBINING  THE  ADVENTURES  I Price  of Nobility

Rutherford's demise. Determined to find out what

happened to both Quarren and Rutherford, Lady

Lestra orders a beloved servant to sniff out some trust

worthy adventurers who plan to enter the dungeon.

SIMPLE  OFFER

A servant of House Urmbrusk finds a private moment

to approach the adventurers as they prepare for

their journey Undermountain. Wearing a hooded

cloak and unmarked plainclothes, a half-elf named

Llarwell tells the characters his employer, a wealthy

Waterdhavian noble, has an urgent wish to speak

with them.

If the characters agree, the servant leads them to a

suite in the Yawning Portal.

Read:

The suite's furnishinEJS  are simple. The hooded fiEJure asks

you sit while he fetches his employer. He leaves throuEJh a

closed door across the room. Moments later, a well-dressed

female human takes a seat opposite you.

"Please excuse my caution," she says in a voice that

reveals both refinement and worry. "I have some standinEJ

in the city, and I do not wish others to know my pliEJht. I am

Lady Lestra of House Urmbrusk.

"My nephew, Rutherford, went into Undermountain

four weeks aEJO.  NauEJht has been heard from him or his five

companions since. His father,  my brother, disappeared in

Undermountain three years aEJO. Before he left, Rutherford

swore his father's whispered voice spoke to him, implorinEJ

him to brinB a rescue party into the dunEJeon. I told my

nephew it was folly, but the impetuousness of youth and his

father's blood won out.

"Rumor has it you plan to enter this twice-cursed place

on business of your own. I offer you 20 pieces of EJOld each to

look for Rutherford as you travel and to keep this iriforma

tion to yourselves. if you recover my nephew, or provide proof

of his demise, I offer a reward many times this small sum."

The characters likely ask for further details. Here are

some responses Lady Lestra could give.

+ For the larger reward, Lady Lestra promises 500

gp per character. (DMs can make this reward

whatever they wish.)

+ She describes Rutherford as a seventeen-year

old human. He has pale skin, green eyes, and

long, dark, curly hair. The shield he carries bears

the family crest, a dagger stabbing into a fanged

mouth.

+ Lady Lestra does not reveal why it might be diffi

cult or embarrassing to her family that Rutherford

is missing. If severely pressed, she hints that Ruth

erford's absence could cause certain business deals

to fall through. In truth, she simply wishes to know

where she stands.

Vl

I.I.J

0:

:J

r

z

>

0

<(

I.I.J

I.I.J

~

l:l

z

z

co

~

0

u

+ She can only provide sketchy outlines of Ruther

ford 's five  companions: Zarr, a half-elf mercenary,

has tattoos showing various military insignia.

Aizel, a female elf with a raspy voice, is a wizard.

Enda, a female halfling, wears h er dyed-red hair

very short. Squam and Rotwile, half-ore brothers,

fill out the group. Squam, a squat, loutish fighter,

has a heavily scarred face and nasty temperament.

Rotwile, tall, thin, and sullen, wears a patch over

his right eye and has a long braided beard.

If the characters learn any information about her

nephew, or locate him in the flesh, they are to leave

word with Duman. The tavern owner will send a

messenger to Lady Lestra, and she will come to the

adventurers to receive their news.

A DC 12 History or Streetwise check reveals the

details of the noble house at your discretion (as they

have been described in this section).

Further Dealings

with Lady  Lestra

After her first meeting with the characters, Lady

Lestra wants nothing else to do with them unless they

find her nephew or his remains. If the heroes seek

further contact with her, you can decide how Lestra

responds. She might refuse to see them or acknowl

edge their existence. Or she might hire mercenaries

to do away with adventurers who are insistent, indis

creet, or know too much.

Alternatively, you could have Lestra become the

character's patron. She might provide them with a

comfortable place to stay on their return trips from

the dungeon, invite them for lavish dinners at her

villa wherein they can entertain her and her guests

with tales ofUndermountain's dangers, or grant them

equipment or Urmbrusk-heirloom magic items. This

route makes any later treachery on Lestra's part more

dramatic and impactful.

WEAVING  THE  PLOT

Each of the three adventures in this book reveals the

fate of one of Rutherford's adventuring companions.

Each is also seeded with clues about this overarching

plot. By putting together the clues, the characters can

learn about Rutherford's Undermountain path, where

the young man was last seen, and how to gain access

to the secret room that houses the portal through

which Rutherford can be found. That said, each

adventure is also designed to work on its own without

using the Urmbrusk plot. For more information about

and options for bringing the plots together, check out

"Rutherford Wrap-Up" (page 73).

C OMBINING  THE  ADVENTURES  I WeavinB  the  Plot

Zarr's

Invincible Ar111y

This adventure pits the characters against a half-

elf mercenary who has taken control of two small

tribes, one kobold and one goblinoid. Through luck

and superior leadership, the half-elf and his growing

army have secured a small section ofUndermoun

tain, and they are growing their numbers as they

prepare to launch a larger campaign.

Not all the army's conscripts are happy with

their new lot, however. Even though the characters

might try to fight their way through the half-elf's

turf, leaving nothing alive in their wake, they could

attempt to foment a rebellion within the kobold and

goblinoid ranks.

BACKGROUND

The adventuring group Rutherford Urmbrusk assem

bled to search for his father was seemingly doomed

from the start. Among his companions was Zarr,

a half-elf mercenary. After encountering a magic

symbol in the dungeons, Zarr was stricken with a

form of megalomania. Moments later, Rutherford

disappeared, Zarr turned his blade on a companion,

and the party's remaining members melted away into

Undermountain. Obsessed from a young age with

military leaders and battles, the delusional half-elf

became convinced he was a great commander who

was destined to lead superior armies into battles his

torians would write about for centuries.

After sauntering away from his companion's

corpse, Zarr went in search of an army. He soon

encountered a tribe ofkobolds lairing in the north

east section ofUndermountain's first level. He

quickly dispatched the kobolds' tribal chief and

convinced the others to follow him. At the time, the

kobolds were warring with a nearby goblinoid tribe.

Under Zarr's leadership, the kobolds trounced the

goblins and absorbed the survivors into their ranks.

In the two weeks since Rutherford's party fell

apart, Zarr has acquired a fighting force and secured

a small section ofUndermountain as his military

compound. The self-described military genius trains

his new troops in the arts of warfare, sending out

patrols to protect their compound and ascertain

where their next conquests should be.

Because countless powerful adventurers could

stream down the Yawning Portal's well, Zarr has

taken an aggressive, proactive approach to protecting

his fledgling army from incursions from that site. The

mercenary's first related action was to bribe Sanfin

Lotte (page 12) to send warning whenever dungeon

delvers are being lowered into the well. When such

warnings arrive, Zarr sends a strong ambush force to

rout the adventurers before they can establish a foot

hold in the dungeon. So far, this strategy has worked

to perfection.

Even though Zarr has swiftly and capably gained

control ofhis new fighting force and secured a base

for it, his megalomania has led him to miss one small

truth: not all the kobolds and goblins are happy

under a bossy half-elf's rule. Most ofZarr's troops

are loyal to him, some fanatically. But a dozen or so

have treason on their minds, and others could be con

vinced to rebel if offered the right incentives.

Meanwhile, Duman, proprietor of the Yawn-

ing Portal, is losing sleep over the recent attacks on

adventurers he has lowered into Undermountain.

It is not uncommon for a group of adventurers to

be attacked the moment its members jump from

the rope. However, for the past ten days or so, the

danger has been different. Not only have the attacks

b een immediate and terribly ferocious, but not one

adventurer has returned. Some h ave been killed even

before they've released the rope.

With his family's fortunes tied to the large hole

that runs from his tavern's common room directly

into Undermountain, Duman fears this turn of

events could make him a pauper. The only scenario

that terrifies him more is having a large and orga

nized monster squad climb out of the well to threaten

both the Yawning Portal and Waterdeep.

STARTING  THE

ADVENTURE

The most exciting way to start the adventure is with

a bang! The action begins with the characters in the

Yawning Portal's taproom (see the enclosed poster

map), launching point for countless great adventures

and gruesome deaths. Give the heroes time to take in

a bit of the atmosphere as another party of thrill-seek

ers and sellswords is lowered slowly down the entry

well. As the adventurers familiarize themselves with

the Yawning Portal and its patrons, screams issue

from the well. The other party is being attacked!

Read the following text:

~

You stand in the Yawnina Portal, a historic tavern and inn.  0::

At least a dozen people peer into a massive well-like struc- <

ture in the center of the taproom's floor.

Next to it, a powerfully built human works a winch

attached to a thick rope that plunaes into the well from a

pulley above it. A moment later, his massive arms relax.

Ll..l

....I

o::l

u

z

>

A barely audible voice echoes up, "AU clear down here!"

z

A few tavern bystanders siah with relief as others jovially

shout, slosh their ales, and exchanae a couple coins. After a  Vl

o::

few heartbeats, screams and the clank in& of metal echo hol-

lowly up from the well, and patrons rush to its edae.

0:: <

The human begins to frantically wind the winch, and he  N

shouts at you: "Are you adventurers? Do you seek entrance

into Undermountain?

"I don't think I can winch the rope fast enough to get you

there in time to aid the others. But if you can tell me what's

happened down there, I'll waive your fees for this trip."

Consider asking the players to roll initiative. It's

unlikely they can help the party below, but rolling

can give the players a sense of urgency.

Duman is offering the heroes free passage into

and out ofUndermountain (saving each of them

20 gp) if they promise to return with news of what

attacked the adventurers he just lowered into the

dungeon. The heroes might be more concerned

with helping those now embroiled in a battle, but

Duman has already written them off as dead. This

h a rd-hearted position is a hazard ofhis business

especially oflate.

Safely lowering creatures 140 feet to the Entry

W ell room's floor takes 10 rounds. To speed up their

descent, heroes might attempt to climb down the

rope (DC 10 Athletics check), climb down the well's

wall (DC 15 Athletics check), or use feather fall.

From the well's entrance, the adventurers can

see nothing but a hint of dim light below. (The room

below is wider than the well, and the combatants

are out of sight.) If a character can reach the well's

bottom in one round, he or she spots a wounded

adventurer shoving his blade into the gap between

a closing door and the wall. He briefly remains

conscious.

Continue the adventure in Area 1 on page 22.

ZARR ' S  I N VI NC IBL E  ARMY  I Startin8  the  Adventure

ENCOUNTER AREAS

Undermountain area locations are labeled on the

Halls ofUndermountain Levell poster map and a

smaller version of the map on page 75 . As the charac

ters move about the dungeon, consult the maps and

the numbered areas' descriptions in this book. Each

grid square on the map represents 10 feet.

1.  Entry Well

Exploration Encounter

Adjust the description below based on how quickly

the characters get down the well. The read-aloud text

assumes the characters respond immediately to Dur

nan's call for assistance.

While Duman quickly brings the rope back up

for the characters to use, a flurry of activity swirls

around the tavern.

Read:

Duman winds the winch with all his mi&ht, and people

at the well's ed9e shout encouragement to the adventurers

below. More coins chan9e hands, and an elderly halfling

sidles up to you.

"I am puttin9 5-to-1  odds on at least one of you not

returnin9, or at least returninB a corpse. Care to lay down

some coin?"

W ithout slowin9 his windin9, Duman shoots a wither

inalook at the halflin& and puffs, "Stannoc! Not a aood

time!"

The halflin& shakes his head and mutters, "There is

never a bad time for coins to chanae hands." He looks up

expectantly at you.

The characters have a couple moments to put down

bets if they wish, but Old Stannoc (page 12) limits

each wager to 10 gp. Then the rope is ready, and

Durnan and a young lass of seventeen years (Dur

nan's eldest daughter) help the characters latch onto

the rope.

Brother Sepulcher (page 11), coming back from

the privies, raises his voice as he walks as quickly

as he can while retaining the appearance of aloof

detachment.

Read:

A bald, 9aunt man dressed like a priest weaves between

tables, heading toward you with some urgency. "Wait,

please! What are your names? I must know your names."

He pulls out a quill and ink pot while openin9 a tome.

ENCOUNTER  AREAS  I  1.  Entry  Well

u.J

....J

co

u

z

>

z

Vl

"

c:t:

<C

N

Brother Sepulcher is compulsive about recording the

names of those who descend into Undermountain

and is put out if the adventurers ignore him.

When the characters are ready, Durnan returns to

the winch and begins to lower them.

Read:

The briahtness from the tavern above is just a distant a low

when your feet reach a sandy floor. Dented and rusty

shields decorate the larae room's walls. Prayers for mercy,

curses aaainst monsters, and other messaaes-written in

various languages in chalk, dirt, blood, and perhaps more

exotic substances-litter the wall spaces between the shields.

Of the six adventurers who preceded you into the well,

three are in the room. Two appear to be dead, and the

eyelids of the third flutter weakly. A human, he sprawls

aaainst the northern wall, his finaers loosely holdina the

pommel of a sword that is jammed into what appears to be

the openina of a secret door.

If the characters try to communicate with the surviv

ing adventurer during their descent, they might learn

the attacking creatures are kobolds and goblins.

Gravely wounded, Morphey was left for dead.

But he managed to wedge his sword between the

secret door and its jamb before it closed. Because

he blocked the secret door from closing, it can be

opened from the Entry Well room without any trou

ble. Normally, the door opens only when a hidden

button on its north side is pressed. If the door were

closed, the heroes would have to chip away at the

stone and lever it open to gain entrance, a noisy and

time-consuming process.

Morphey is unconscious. With a DC 10 Heal

check, a character can awaken Morphey briefly. He

can tell the heroes that kobolds and goblins streamed

through the secret door moments after the party

arrived in Undermountain. Morphey and his com

panions were completely overwhelmed. Two ofhis

adventuring party were killed immediately, and the

other three-Yoradar, a female half-ore; Aovyneth, a

male elf; and Xerick, a male human-were dragged

away through the secret door.

Two trails of blood lead up to the secret door and

continue through the hallway behind it.

2.  Hall of Heroes

Trap/Hazard Encounter Level3 (750 XP)

If the adventurers follow the blood trails through sev-

eral corridors, they reach this area.

When the adventurers enter the area, read:

Many aray aranite statues ofhuman warriors stand atop

pedestals in two rows,facing inward. Their numbers stretch

the lenath of this long hall. The statues' nameplates have

been severely chipped or defaced,  as have many of the stat-

ues'features.

One blood trail leads to doors on the eastern wall; the

other heads west, ending at a doorway set into the southern

wall.

Although no creatures are in this area, the room is

trapped (see below). Zarr's lieutenant, a goblin hex

hurler, was able to divine the password that deacti

vates Halaster's traps in this hall, so now all members

ofZarr's army know how to bypass the dangers. How

ever, unless the characters get that information from

a member ofZarr's army, they must deal with the

trap directly.

With a successful DC 13 Perception check, a char

acter hears cries of pain coming from Area 3, where

members ofZarr's army are using the female half-ore

they just captured to test a trap. No sounds can be

heard coming from anywhere else.

The door to Area 3 is not locked, but the doors to

Area 4  are. With a D C 14 Thievery check, a character

can unlock those doors.

Trapped Statues

Five of the statues grasp magic-enhanced cross

bows. When one or more creatures enter the hall,

roll initiative. The five  crossbows fire energy bolts at

creatures in the hall. Each bolt targets an individual

creature, but more than one bolt could be aimed at

the same creature. For example, all five bolts could

be fired at one creature, or the bolts could be aimed

at five  different creatures, or any other combination.

Disabled crossbows can be removed from the statues

but lose their magical power.

The pedestals of the five crossbow-trapped statues

are each five-foot square and also trapped. When

a creature enters a square adjacent to a crossbow

trapped statue, blades flick out of its base, swiping at

anything adjacent to it.

The traps continue to fire until they are all dis

abled or all creatures have left the hall.

ENCOUNTER  AREAS  I 2.  Hall  of Heroes

5  Hall of Heroes Statues

Object

Detect see Countermeasures below

Immune cold, necrotic, poison, psychic, radiant, forced  movement,

Level  3 Trap

XP 1 SO  each

Initiative +5

all conditions, ongoing damage

STANDARD ACTIONS

L:ftP!!!S~!:IRWkt A!~)NJII.wwwwm-.ww.wwwww . . --~ncwwww.www~  ~--~

Attack: Ranged 30 (one creature); +8 vs. AC

Hit: 1d10 + 6 damage.

~~~:l!:t;r:!~:~:t.~[t~R~~!~I m~*~

Triaaer: A creature enters a square adjacent to the statue.

Attack (Immediate Reaction): Close burst  1 (creatures in the

.  ; I

burst); +6 vs.  Reflex

Hit: 2d6 + 10 damage, and the target falls  prone.

Miss:  Half damage.

CouNTERMEASURES

+  Detect Crossbow: Perception DC 13 (free action). Require

ment: The character must be within 20 squares of the statue.

Success: The character sees that statue's crossbow trap.

+Detect Blades: Perception DC 21  (free action). Requirement:

The character must be within  2 squares of the statue. Success:

The character sees that statue's blade trap but is  not aware of

its trigger.

+Attack Crossbow: Each crossbow has AC  15, Reflex 5,

Fortitude 10, 15  hp, same immunities as the statue.

+  Disable Crossbow: Thievery DC 13 (standard action).

Requirement: The character must be adJacent to the statue.

Success: The statue's crossbow is disabled and ceases to

function.

+Disable Blades: Thievery DC  21  (standard action). Require

ment: The character must be adjacent to the statue. Success:

The statue's blade trap is disabled and ceases to function.

3. Bone Throne

Combat Encounter Levell (550 XP) and Combat

Encounter Level 5 (1,000 XP)

Zarr's forces have been able to avoid, remove, or

harness the magic and traps in many rooms in the

vicinity of their base, but they are still struggling with

securing this chamber. A handful ofZarr's creatures

are using a recently captured adventurer, a female

half-ore named Yoradar, to trigger a trap so they can

see what happens.

When the adventurers enter the area, read:

This large chamber's walls and floors are lined with gold

colored tiles. Two glowing globes, one slightly larger than

the other,  hover near the ceilinB 20 feet above. They are

the room's only liaht source. In the chamber's southern end,

resting upon a marble dais, is a huae throne composed of

thousands ofbones.

A female half-ore sits in the throne, two snakes entwininB

her. The venomous creatures suddenly sink alisteninafanas

into her. The half-ore's facial expression screams aaony as

her body stiffens and becomes motionless. The snakes then

curl around the throne's arms and turn to marble.

Three aoblins and a kobold stand in rapt attention in

front of their victim.

ENCOUNTER  AREAS  I  3.  Bone  Throne

Creatures: Two goblin cutthroats (Monster Vault,

page 154), one goblin hex hurler (Monster Vault, page

155), and one kobold slinger (Monster  ault, page

180) are watching to see what happens to the half

ore so they can report the results to Za rr. The half-ore

will die in 4 rounds unless the characters can stop

the poison with a DC 15 Heal check (a standard

action).

If the heroes search the goblin hex hurler, they

find a key that opens the doors into Area 4 .

Throne: The arms of the throne have already

attacked Yoradar, who is dying from the poison. The

snake arms, which are two spitting cobras (Monster

Vault,  page 300), animate when a creature moves

adjacent to the throne. If the arms are "killed," they

turn back into marble and remain so for  20 rounds,

after which the magic in the throne recharges them.

The snakes must remain connected to the throne and

therefore cannot move away from it or be moved in

anyway.

With a DC 21 Perception check, a character

notices the throne's seat can be lifted, revealing a

secret compartment containing a crystal rod. A crea

ture can make a DC 21 Arcana to discern its powers

(see below). The rod's magic functions only in this

chamber.

Glowing Globes: These spheres are 6 inches and

12 inches in diameter, respectively. The smaller one

is a alowinB a lobe (see below) and can be seized. The

larger globe is an immobile and indestructible magi

cal prison containing a young green dragon (Monster

Vault,  page 69) trapped in stasis.

A character holding the rod can make an Arcana

check (as a standard action) against another crea

ture's Will; if the check succeeds, the target creature

becomes trapped in the globe (where it doesn't age

and can take no actions), and whatever creature

already contained in the globe is released instantly

(and can roll initiative, if appropriate). Only one crea

ture can be trapped in the globe at a time; capturing

another creature releases the one currently trapped.

If the rod is destroyed (defenses 5, 5 hp), the globe

releases its prisoner before disappearing forever.

Treasure: If the characters search the throne

thoroughly, a DC 15  Perception check reveals several

small gems worth a total of 7 5 gp interspersed among

the throne's bones. The alowina globe is also a trea

sure, if the characters can figure out a way to reach it.

Glowing Globe

These seemingly whimsical magical creations light

many chambers and halls throughout Undermoun

tain's levels. Also called drift lights, these globes glow

in colors reflective of their owners' moods.

A voice squeaks, "You stupid. Like a bia, stupid, hairy,

>

If the adventurers enter the area without alarm-

~

ing its occupants, read:

et:

Behind the curtains to the northeast, harsh aruntina voices  <(

araue with high-pitched voices in broken Common about

~

co

auard duties and patrol rosters.

u

stupid hobaoblin. Stupid! Me and Niim auard that passaae  Z

>

last time. Scare everythin& away. Now your turn."

Z

A deep voice bellows with barely controlled fury, "You

coul.dn't scare my mother's mother, and she has no teeth.

V'l

o::

Ba1ook and me auarded that passage last time. I remem-

ber. We watched the last patrol go there, and we heard their  ~

screams. Remember tha.t, Balook?"

N

Level  3  Rare

Glowing Globe

Unless ordered to remain in a particular spot,  this luminous

a lass Blobe floats  a handspan above the creature that last

touched it, BivinB that creature access to its powers.

Wondrous Item

680 gp

Property

If the BlowinB Blobe is  brought within 1 square of another Blow

inB Blobe, you cannot activate any of its  powers and it goes dark.

Utility Power+ At-Will (Minor Action)

Effect: The globe sheds dim light in  a 2-square radius, bright

light in  a 1 0-square radius, or stops shedding light.

Utility Power +  Daily (Minor Action)

Effect: Close burst 3 (enemies in the burst). The target is

blinded until the start of its next turn . Also, the globe is

destroyed.

4.  Staging Area

Combat Encounter Levell (500 XP)

The doors between this room and Area 2 are locked.

The lock can be picked with a DC 14 Thievery

check, or the doors can be smashed in with a DC 21

Strength check.

When the heroes enter, read:

Thi? huae chamber's vaulted ceilin& is 40 feet high. Leather,

cloth, and animal-pelt curtain panels hang in a V shape,

dividin& the room into three sections. The middle section

is open to you, and you. can catch a alimpse into the room's

northeastern portion throuah aaap between curtain panels.

The southeastern section of the room is shrouded from your

view, but the rapidly thinnin& blood trail heads that way.

As long as the characters did not smash in the door,

they can surprise this chamber's inhabitants.

The blood trails end in this area. Zarr's forces took

their prisoners to Area 6 and Area 12, respectively.

Creatures: Two hobgoblin battle guards (Monster

Vault , page 157) and two kobold quickblades (Monster

Vault , page 180) bicker about whose turn it is to guard

the southern corridor (Area 19). Neither pair wants

that duty.

Features: The curtains block line of sight. Each

panel is 20 feet wide and can be pulled down as a

minor action. Creatures can move between curtain

panels as part of a move action.

Well-used and broken weapons, bits of armor, and

sleeping mats made of stitched rat hides litter the

chamber. Groups of names are written on the walls

in chalk, noting patrols that have been sent out to

explore parts ofUndermountain. Some names are

crossed out (presumed dead) or circled (currently

on patrol). Normally, this chamber would contain a

larger contingent, but the ambush party was drawn

from the army conscripts in this room.

Roleplay

The creatures' bickering and the room's features

should alert the characters that the ambushing crea

tures are part of a large organized force, and not all

the group's members are happy with their circum

stances. This encounter provides the best opportunity

to relay, through roleplaying, the adventure's perti

nent information.

If the heroes decide to eavesdrop, they could hear

about a brewing rebellion, Zarr, his whereabouts,

where prisoners are kept, or anything else you'd like

them to know. Or, if the characters approach the gob

lins and kobolds, they might try to convince Zarr's

creatures to desert their posts or turn on each other.

For example, let's say the hobgoblins consider

attacking the kobolds. In response, the squeaky min

ions quickly remind the hobgoblins that before Zarr

united them, both groups were barely surviving. Now

they all have plenty of food and respect, and soon the

army is going to take over the entire area.

Such an exchange would provide solid background

information and leave the characters understand-

ing that while diplomacy did not work in this case, it

might later in the adventure.

E NC OU N TER  AR EA S  I 4 .  Sta9in8  A rea

5. Off Limits!

Combat Encounter Level 2 (700 XP)

6.  Magic  Stream

Combat Encounter Levell (700 XP)

Two statues, one of a goblin and the other of a kobold,

flank Area 4's southern doors, which lead into this

room. On the doors, written in both Draconic and

Goblin, are the words "Do Not Enter. Let Groog and

Jibble Be Your Warning." A bar in Area 4 secures the

doors and is easily removed.

Beyond the doors is a 20-foot-wide unlit corridor

that leads to a room. The corridor skirts around both

sides of a featureless wall that blocks easy view into

the chamber.

When the characters reach this room, read:

Countless statues in unusual poses fill the chamber. Six

enormous sculptures, each carved from marble and repre

sentinB a deity, reside in alcoves in the western and eastern

walls. The other statues in the room are made ofless valu

able stone, possibly sranite. Many are sportin9 snaw

marks. Most of the lesser stone fisures depict kobo Ids or

soblinoids, but some look like humans, elves, dwarves, half

linss, drakes, carrion crawlers, and other duns eon dwellers.

At the back of the chamber, a larse lizard with several

pairs oflegs moves among the statuary.

Creatures: The lizard is a basilisk (Monster Vault,

page 23), which can turn creatures to stone with a

glance. It is very powerful in comparison to the char

acters (it's a level 12 monster), but since it is alone,

a lucky or particularly skilled group of adventurers

could defeat it. The basilisk doesn't pursue characters

beyond the confines ofits lair, allowing overwhelmed

adventurers to retreat safely.

Features: The six larger statues represent the

deities Bhaal, Chronos, Gond, Leira, Mystra, and Mur

dane. With a DC 15 Religion check, a character knows

the gods' identities and that all but Gond are dead.

Plot

The characters should find it odd that almost all

the deities represented here are dead, yet a DC 13

Dungeoneering check reveals that the statues were

created well before those deities perished. This oddity

can be used to plant a seed for another adventure or

campaign plot. For example, a priest of Gond might

later approach the characters to ask if they found

anything related to his deity during their time in

Undermountain. This inclusion of Gond among the

dead gods might seem to be an omen, so the priest

could ask the characters to undertake a mission on

his behalf. Of course, the DM could replace Gond

with another deity to make this idea work in any

campaign.

Assuming the characters enter this area before a

general alarm has been sounded, read:

The plain square room is filled with crudely crafted tables

and chairs. Earthenware plates, bowls, and cups are laid on

the tables. You hear sounds of movement coming f rom the

passaseway connected to the room's western wall.

Creatures: Two hobgoblin spear soldiers (Monster

Vault, page 157), two kobold quickblades (Monster

Vault , page 180), and two noncombatant cooks-an

elderly goblin and a young kobold-are in the western

passageway.

When they realize the characters are in the area,

they retreat to Area 6B, where the fighters prepare

a defense with a pair oflesser water elementals

(Monster Vault, page 109) they have befriended.

Meanwhile, the head cook and his young assistant

hide behind a couple large cauldrons in the room's

southeastern corner.

Area 6A: This room contains food-preparation

tools. An unconscious male elf named Aovyneth (use

the statistics for the elf scout; Monster Vault, page

112) lies in a sack on the floor. He was taken during

the ambush the characters heard from the Yawning

Portal and is eager to head back to the surface.

Area 6B: This area contaions a 10-foot-deep

portion of a slow-moving stream that Halaster

permanently linked to this chamber using teleporta

tion magic. Zarr's army draws fresh water from the

stream, catches fish in it, and dumps waste into it,

which is instantly carried away.

With a DC 15 Nature check, characters who study

the stream's fish realize they are more robust than

normal fish of their kind. Any adventurer who eats

some of these fish during an extended rest in this

room regains an additional 5 hit points the first time

he or she uses a healing surge after that rest and can

make a saving throw against a condition a save can

end. A character gains this effect only if he or she eats

and rests here.

Secret Room: A secret door between Area 6 and

Area 6A can be spotted with a DC 21 Perception

check. A locked and trapped chest is inside the small

room. It takes a DC 21  Perception check to notice

the trap, a DC 21 Thievery check to disarm it, and

another DC 21 Thievery check to unlock the chest.

Inside the chest is a glowing globe (page 24).

Anyone trying to open the chest or pick the lock

while the trap is armed is cursed. As long as the

target is cursed, whenever it rolls initiative, if the die

roll is a 9 or lower, the target starts the combat slowed

(save ends). The curse can be removed only with an

appropriate ritual (such as Remove Affliction).

ENCO UNTE R  AR EA S  I 6.  Manic  Stream

Roleplay

The goblin cook is a curmudgeon named Zookah who

is too old to fight, so Zarr found a use for him. After the

kobolds complained bitterly that goblins didn't know

how to cook for kobold palates, Zarr ordered a young

female kobold named Meeni to be Zookah's assistant.

Zookah resents having an assistant, and Meeni

resents being a goblin's assistant. Thus, the two bicker

endlessly. Assuming the heroes do not slaughter them

despite their noncombatant natures, Zookah and

Meeni spin outlandish tales in an effort to convince

the characters to kill the other one. If successful, the

survivor eventually attempts to escape or leads the

adventurers into a trap.

If forced into combat, Zookah and Meeni each

have 1 hit point, defenses 10, and no effective attacks.

7.  Language Lessons

Combat Encounter Level 2 (650 XP)

When characters enter the passage to the north

of this chamber, read:

A chorus of words erupts from a nearby chamber. In rouah

Common, soblinoid and kobold voices say in unison, "Zarr

is our leader. {Pause.} Take the passaee on the riaht. {Pause.}

Please pass the elf stew." The next moment, a cacophony of

yellinB in two different lanauages reaches you.

Characters who speak Goblin or Draconic can deci

pher the shouting. Between curses, the goblin voices

are saying (in Goblin) they would rather have their

eyes gouged out than learn to speak Common and

talk to pathetic kobolds. Between equally colorful

curses, the kobold voices are saying (in Draconic)

that goblins have drake droppings where their brains

are supposed to be. Then a voice, sounding possibly

human, begs in both Goblin and Draconic for every

one to calm down and concentrate on learning.

Creatures: A half-elfbard named Gharnell was

captured while entering Undermountain a couple

weeks ago. The rest of his party was killed. Since

Gharnell could speak both Goblin and Draconic, Zarr

spared his life and put the half-elf to work teaching

the army's dimmer and more hostile soldiers how to

communicate with each other in Common. Gharnell's

pupils include one goblin cutthroat (Monster Vault,

page 154), two bugbear thugs (Monster Vault,  page

159), and two kobold slingers (Monster Vault,  page

180). Gharnell himselfis not a threat.

Roleplay

The groups ofkobolds and goblinoids despise each

other and see little point in learning Common.

The adventurers might be able to use that hatred

to foment a fight. Diplomacy, Bluff, and Intimidate

checks would be useful in tweaking either group to

take action against the other.

l.I.J

Plot

....J

o:l

Gharnell knows very little about Zarr's complex,

u

z

since he is kept blindfolded when they move him

around. He can confirm, however, that the ambush- >

ers' leader is a half-elf named Zarr. Gharnell is ill and  z

emaciated. Thus, he's eager to return to the surface

and wants to avoid participating in any fighting.

Vl

a::

a::

Just how much assistance the adventurers can get

out of either the goblinoids or the kobolds is up you. If  <(

N

the two sides turn on each other, the survivors likely

soon focus on escaping the area rather than joining

the heroes for an extended time.

8.  Training Grounds

Combat Encounter Levell (100 XP)

This area is normally filled with soldiers, but the only

occupant here right now is an old goblin weapons

master who acts as the troops' training instructor.

The room's circumference is lined with targets and

training dummies for melee and ranged practice.

Creatures: Yiggug, a scarred, old goblin cutthroat

(Monster Vault,  page 154), is repairing weapons in the

center of the room. He is mostly deaf, so the adven

turers can sneak up on him without much difficulty.

Roleplay

Yiggug understands he cannot beat the adventurers

by himself. Wily and spry, the old goblin tries trick

ery or quick feet to attempt an escape. He acts like a

doddering fool,  telling the adventurers whatever he

thinks they want to hear. If he cannot find a way to

escape, he leads the heroes to Area 6, where he just

sent a handful of troops.

9.  Barracks

Combat Encounter Level 2 (700 XP)

The rooms that comprise this area contain little

more than sleeping mats and a few makeshift tables

and chairs. Generally, no more than two of the four

chambers are occupied at one time. Because of the

losses the army has recently sustained and the large

number of exploratory patrols Zarr has ordered, only

one room in the area contains any creatures.

Creatures: A hobgoblin commander (Monster

Vault,  page 158), three goblin cutthroats (Monster

Vault, page 154), and two kobold slingers (Monster

Vault, page 80) are preparing to rest after return

ing from patrol duty. They are still highly alert from

making their rounds, so if they hear any commotion

from nearby rooms, they cautiously investigate.

ENCOUNTER  AREAS  I 9.  Barracks

If the commotion is not obviously a battle, the

hobgoblin commander might send a slinger and

a cutthroat to check it out first and then bring the

rest of his patrol only when it becomes apparent the

threat isn't a scuffle between kobolds and goblins.

10. Kennels

Combat Encounter Level3 (750 XP)

Because of the scarcity of troops available in Under

mountain, Zarr has enlisted some animal trainers to

work with creatures that can be used in his army. The

trainers and a few drakes are in Area lOA, while the

rest of the creatures are held in cages in Area 10.

When the characters look into Area lOA, read:

This room smells worse than the others in the complex.

In its western end, a aoblin rides a larse drake in maneu

vers around a small fi re. Deeper in the room, a hobsoblin

holdins a thin whip and some dried meat makes hissins

and clickins sounds. Two small drakes hiss and circle the

hobsoblin.

11. Stirge Nesting Area

Combat Encounter Level Varies (100 XP/stirge)

Written in Draconic and Goblin on both doors

leading into this chamber are the words "MOVE

QUICKLY." These doors have locks, but they are not

locked, and Zarr is the only one with a key.  With

a DC 15 Thievery check, a character can lock or

unlock either door.

When the characters open a  door into this room,

read:

This expansive chamber echoes with sound as the door

scrapes open. A lOjoot-wide stone path cuts throush the

room, takins a ninety-desree turn before endinB at another

door. Empty air surrounds the stone path. Dark water can

be slimpsed 50 feet below the open areas. It is too murky to

know its depth.

A larse, rous h -su~faced ledse juts out of the room's

northern section. It is level with the stone path. Three bulky

chests sit near its center. Lyins in front of the middle chest

is what appears to be a dried husk of a kobold.

The chamber's walls are riddled with countless holes,

Creatures: A goblin cutthroat (Monster Vault,  page

each about a f oot in diameter.

154) and its rage drake mount (Monster Vault, page

84) prepare for  a demonstration of their prowess for

Zarr. Farther away, a hobgoblin battle guard (Monster

Vault, page 154) works with two spitting drakes (Mon

ster Vault , page 83). When the goblinoids spot the

characters, they use the intrusion as an opportunity

to test their creatures' training in a real battle.

If the battle starts to go badly for the goblinoids,

the battle guard might attempt to get into Area 10 to

unleash the other b easts on the heroes.

Features: Other beasts Zarr hopes to use to swell

his army's ranks are caged in Area 10. You can deter

mine the exact number and types of beasts here.

Possibilities include various drakes, snakes, dire rats,

and more. You should be careful not to release too

many creatures at once, though; a sudden flood of

monsters coming at the characters might overwhelm

them. Of course, not all the caged creatures are apt to

be trained yet. So the release of these creatures into

Zarr's complex might be a perfect distraction for the

characters to use.

Plot

One (or more) of the caged creatures could take a

liking to the adventurers, giving them a chance to

gain a pet. Or a creature could be wearing a collar

with a name tag, showing it had a previous owner.

That owner might be willing to pay a reward for the

pet's return, if he or she can be located.

Creatures: This room is a breeding and nesting

area for a colony of stirges (Monster Vault , page 259).

The holes in the walls are tunnel openings in which

the stirges nest and through which the creatures can

move to other Undermountain locations.

If one or more creatures loiter in the room for

more than 3 rounds, a single stirge emerges from a

hole in the wall to attack the nearest enemy, hoping

for  a quick meal of blood. One round later, two more

stirges emerge and attack. One round after that, three

more stirges arrive. Each round thereafter, ld4-1

more stirges are drawn to the noise of battle. The

number of stirges here is nearly endless-a fact that

becomes painfully obvious to any intelligent creature

that lingers here for too long. The stirges are hungry

and will chase prey beyond the confines of the room

unless the doors are closed.

Features: Halaster's deadly sense of humor was

fully engaged when he designed this room. The three

chests contain treasure, but the ledge and the chests

are cursed.

Creatures (including the stirges) cannot fly above

or run on the northern ledge. A creature attempting

to fly above the ledge is pulled down to the floor, and

it is not possible to get a running start to jump from

the ledge to the walkway.

The chests are not locked, but a DC 20 Arcana

check reveals a similar magical aura around all of

them. When a chest is opened, it sticks to the opener,

weighing down the creature enough to slow it. A crea

ture adjacent to a chest can make a DC 20 Arcana or

Thievery check (as a standard action) to suppress the

EN C O UN TER  A REAS  I  II.  Stirse  Nestins  Area

chest's magic for 5 rounds. The magic on the chests

functions only in this room. Outside the chamber, a

chest can be moved and opened normally. See Trea

sure, below, for the chests' contents.

A creature falling off the walkway or ledge plum

mets 50 feet into ice-cold standing water, which is

10 feet deep. The water negates falling damage, but

a creature starting its turn in the water takes 1d10

cold damage. Swimming in the water requires a

DC 10 Athletics check, but increase the DC by 5 for

each chest magically attached to the character. The

walls have numerous handholds and holes, and can

be climbed with a DC 10 Athletics check, but add

5 to the DC for each chest magically attached to the

character.

Treasure: Each chest contains one treasure: a

golden chalice worth 50 gp, a+ 1 flaminBlonBsword,

and a sack containing 400 sp.

12. Vision Chamber

Exploration Encounter

When the characters enter the room, read:

This chamber's most noteworthy features are its frescoes.

Painted on each lOfoot-square wall panel is a mme depict

ina members of a specific race perforrnina  rituals. In one,

dwarves weartna rObes cast runestones onto an altar. In

another, humans wearins heads ear tha.t bears mystical

symbols aa.ze into crystal balls. Another shows drow, cer

emonial daaeers ht hand, staruline over victims covered in

spiders. Some, like the scene of the anomes' ritual, are light

and celebratory. Others, like the fi'esco featuri lt8 orcs, arc

gruesome.

Abmtt 60 feet northwest of the room's entrance, a

pink-and-sreen mist swirls, concealine whatever mteht be

behind it. Splayed infrcmt of the mist are the wrpses of six

kobolds and six eobl!noids.

Features: The frescoes and the corpses conceal

nothing of value. A DC 15 Heal check reveals that

the kobolds and goblinoids had the life sucked out of

them, but there are no wounds or other telltale signs

of damage. The impenetrable red-and-green mist fills

the short corridor between the larger eastern room

and the smaller western one.

When one or more characters move adjacent to

the mist, read:

A shostly form of a wild-eyed human with a11 unkempt

beard and hauehty sneer emerees f rom the mist. Its voice

d.ripptna with sarcasm and contempt, it says, "Are you

worthy of receivinB the blessina of vision? Do you dare

attempt it?"

Until the characters answer either yes or no, the

ghostly form remains still and silent. Nothing the

characters do can harm or affect it. If the characters

say no, the ghostly form orders them to leave. If the

characters say yes, the figure turns to the first charac-

ter to answer in the affirmative and says:

~

cc:

<(

I.LJ

...J

"Only the most wise and brave can receive the a!ft qf vision.

co

Select two others to take the test with you. Remember, you  u

place your life and theirs in dan9er."

Z

>

After the character chooses two others to take

Z

the test, read:

V\

The spectral fitJwe sneers at you and says, "Beyond the veil,

cc:

the power ofvtsions awaits. Only by grasplna this staff can  ~

you pass throueh the veil."

N

A wooden staff suddenly appears itt its hands, each end

ca pped in an iron handle. The spirit continues, "Only two

creatures canarasp the staff at one time, cmd a.t least one

creature must carry the staff across the veil. But there is

more."

Two less distinct misty figures appear next to the origi

nalform.

"To pass the test, all three of you and all three of us must

sta11d toaether on the veil's other side. However,  no more

than two can pass throush at one time, and the staff must

be nraspedfor any to cross the vetl. It cannot be thrown. Jf

at any tirne, we spirits outnumber you three mortals on one

side or the otlun, you will per!sh. Now ... how can we all

pass safely?"

If necessary, the speaker repeats the riddle, growing

increasingly frustrated with each retelling. The three

chosen characters and the three spirits must end up

together in the chamber west of the misty veil. Only

three adventurers can undergo the test, but all can

contribute to its answer. If the spirits ever outnum

ber the chosen characters on either side of the veil,

the outnumbered character or characters each lose 2

healing surges, and all the chosen heroes and spirits

are teleported back into the eastern chamber to try

again.

If an adventurer tries to enter the mist without

holding the staff, that hero loses 5 healing surges and

finds the veil impassable. The answer to the riddle is

as follows:

+ Two spirits (or a spirit and a character) pass

through the mist holding the staff.

+ One spirit remains on the far side, and the other

spirit (or the character) returns with the staff, put

ting two spirits and three characters in the main

chamber.

+ Two spirits pass through the mist, putting three

spirits in the west chamber and leaving three char

acters in the main chamber.

+ One spirit returns, leaving two spirits in the west

chamber and putting one spirit and three charac

ters in the main chamber.

ENCOUNTER  AREAS  I  12.  Vision  Chamber

+ Two characters cross over, putting two characters

and two spirits in the west chamber and leaving

one character and one spirit in the main chamber.

+ One character and one spirit return, leaving one

character and one spirit in the west chamber and

putting two characters and two spirits in the main

chamber.

+ Two characters cross over, putting three characters

and one spirit in the west chamber and leaving

two spirits in the main chamber.

+ The spirit returns, leaving three characters in

the west chamber and putting three spirits in the

main chamber.

+ Two spirits cross over, putting two spirits and three

characters in the west chamber and leaving one

spirit in the main chamber.

+ One spirit returns, leaving one spirit and three

characters in the west chamber and putting two

spirits in the main chamber.

+ Two spirits cross over, putting all three characters

and all three spirits in the west chamber.

Once all six are together in the far chamber, the mist,

the staff,  and the two less distinct forms disappear,

and all the characters can enter the smaller room.

When the characters first enter the western

room, read:

Painted frescoes on the walls depict a 9oddess passinB

the Bift of ma9ic to creatures. Powerful creatures such as

an&els, dra9ons, and demons &ather near the top of the

walls, while weaker creatures &ather near the base. A lar9e

stone throne rests a9ainst the far west wall.

If the characters solved the spirit's riddle, add:

The spirit of the wild-eyed man stands next to the throne.

SweepinB its arm toward it, the form tells the one who

accepted the challentJe, "You have earned the ri&ht to sit in

the Seat ofVisions. What you see mi&ht not please you, but

it will not hurt you."

SOLVING  THE  RIDDLE

The riddle in Area 12 might be frustrating for a group

of players who don't like  puzzles.  In lieu of making

the  players  solve  the  riddle  on  their own,  you  can

have their characters solve the riddle with a DC  1 3

group Intelligence check. (If half or more of the char

acters succeed, the riddle is solved, and the character

who ro lls the highest gains the legenda ry boon.) Any

character who gets a  result  of 21  or higher on the

Intelligence  check  also  turns  anot her  character's

failed check into a success.

ENCOUNTER  AREAS  I  13.  Prisoners

When the character who initially agreed to under

take the test sits in the throne, the frescoes in this

chamber and the eastern m ain chamber seem to

come to life, performing m agic rituals and casting

spells. All of this power courses through the walls

into the throne, energizing the character in the

throne. That character gains the Halaster's vision leg

endary boon, described below.

Halaster's Vision

Halaster left spirits in his wake, instructina them to arant the

aift of second siaht to the first worthy creature that sits upon the

Seat of Visions. That creature is you.

Legendary Boon

Utility Power+ Daily (Immediate Interrupt)

Level  3 Ra;e '

680 gp

TriBBer: An  attack hits you  or an ally within 5 squares of you.

Effect: The attack misses instead.

Plot

When a character gains the Halaster's vision leg

endary boon, he or she should also have a vision

of something that will likely happen in his or her

not-too-distant future. For example, if the heroes

are going to find themselves in this book's next

adventure, "The Tombs of Dayan," the character

might have a vision of a suit of armor that opens to

reveal a vampiric form within. This vision can be

anything, however, and should help guide the adven

turers through their travels in Undermountain and

elsewhere.

13. Prisoners

Combat Encounter Level 2 (625 XP)

An unlocked door opens to reveal a steep stairway

leading down to a makeshift prison.

Once the characters descend the stairs, read:

Torches in sconces li&ht this spacious room. In its corners,

statues depictinB robed humans of stern countenance

nearly reach the chamber's 15foot-hi&h ceilin9. Dozens of

manacles are set into the room's walls. As you enter, a bua

bear is chaininB an unconscious human to one waH while

five other chained prisoners look on.

Creatures: A bugbear thug (Monster Vault,  page

159) named Hroughta acts as the jailer. She holds a

single key that opens all the manacles, which can also

be unlocked with a DC 14 Thievery check.

The six prisoners are described below:

Xerick: This male human was part ofMorphey's

party. Hroughta is chaining his unconscious form to

the wall as the heroes enter.

Smur9le: This bugbear thug is imprisoned here for

disobeying a direct order from Zarr. He's alive only

because he's an exciting combatant in Zarr's gladiato

rial arena.

Araust Copperniaht: This dwarf entered Under

mountain to search for possible mining locations.

After Argust was captured, Zarr plucked out the

dwarf's eyes for giving him an insolent look. Argust,

terrified and distraught, is unwilling to move unless

someone leads him.

Steploe Nestletoe: This halfling member of the

Cellarers & Plumbers' Guild, remains the eternal

optimist. He assumes he will escape and be all the

better for the experience. His crew was on duty in

the sewers when their lights suddenly went dark and

he was struck on the head. He doesn't know how he

ended up in this room.

Lady Steiiephosa: This female human paladin

ofKelemvor was investigating rumors of undead

creatures lurking in Undermountain when she was

captured. Zarr's forces are looking forward to a gladi

atorial fight between her and Smurgle.

GraspinB Zombie: This undead male human is

chained next to the paladin and both disgusts and

angers her. The zombie's only remaining parts

include a head, torso, and arms. A patrol captured

it near Dayan's laboratory (page 54). The zombie's

unwillingness to die amused its captors, so they

chained it down here to disturb the prisoners, par

ticularly the paladin. A mark shaped like a skull and

dagger is burned into its forehead. Use the grasping

zombie statistics (Monster Vault, page 293) as needed.

Features: This chamber has two support columns,

but Zarr's forces intentionally weakened the western

one. If Hroughta is bloodied or if one or more of pris

oners is released, she tries to knock down the column

and trigger a ceiling collapse, perhaps killing herself

and one or more of the prisoners in the process. To

bring down the ceiling, a creature must be adjacent to

the column and use a standard action to push it over.

This requires a DC 14 Strength check.

Collapsing Ceiling

Object

Detect see Countermeasures below

Immune all  conditions, forced movement, ongoing damage,

Level 4  Elite Trap

XP  350

Initiative -

necrotic, poison, psychic

TRIGGERED  ACTIONS

Effect

Tri99er: A creature adjacent to the weakened support column

succeeds on a DC 14 Athletics check (standard action) to

knock the column over.

Effect (Immediate Reaction): The ceiling in the western half of

the room caves in, dealing 4d1 0 damage to all  creatures in the

area and turning that area into difficult terrain. Until the end of

the encounter, any creature that ends its turn in  the area takes

1 d1 0 damage from falling debris.

Special: This trap can be triggered only once.

COUNTERMEASURES

+ Detect: Dungeoneering DC 1 0 (free action). Requirement: The

character must be within 10 feet of the weakened column.

Success: The character realizes the column has been weak

ened and will trigger a partial ceiling collapse if it falls.

>

~

~

I.I.J

0::

Plot

The DM can use the prisoners for a variety of pur-

poses, including to provide plot hooks for further

adventures. Feel free to assign statistics and levels to

them as you see fit. If you'd rather they didn't accom-

U

pany the characters, you could have Lady Stellaphosa,  z

Steploe, and Xerick leads Argust back to the surface.  >

z

14. None Shall Pass

Combat Encounter Levell (400 XP)

Vl

0::

0::

<t:

N

This room's doors are barred from the outside. The

bars are meant to contain a threat that Zarr's army

has not yet dealt with. The bars are easily lifted.

When the characters enter the room, read:

Fl'esh kobold and aoblinoid C01'pses litter the floor amid

broken and intact statues,  rocky debris, and s1eeletal

remains. Much of the rocky debris comes f1om the 20foot

htah vaulted ceilina, which has not weathered the passaae

of time well. As you aaze about, loose bricks and mortar

break away from the ceilina and add to the detritus cover

ina the floor.

A nanow, 15foot-hiah ledae dinas to the walls. Dozens

of statues resemblina winaed demons perch atop it.

Creatures: Two of the statues on the floor are

gargoyle rakes (Monster Vault,  page 122). They try to

surprise creatures that look for threats from above.

The dead kobolds and goblins fell victim to the gar

goyles and the collapsing ceiling, and the skeletal

remains belong to adventurers and other creatures

that have perished here over the years.

Features: The floor is difficult terrain. A creature

trying to charge or run in the room must make a DC

12 Acrobatics check. If the creature fails the check,

it falls prone in the square in which it started, losing

that action.

At the end of each round, rubble falls from the

ceiling. Each creature in the room rolls a dlO. Any

creature rolling a 1 or 2 is attacked: +8 vs. Reflex;

ldlO damage, and the target falls prone.

Magic keeps the integrity of the room and its fix

tures in constant flux. The ceiling crumbles, only

to be magically reassembled a short time later, and

damaged statues are likewise repaired. If the char

acters spend enough time in the chamber, they see

fallen debris levitate and reassemble in their proper

places.

The same magic that regularly reforms and

destroys the room also ensures that some statues turn

into gargoyles once every ten hours. So if the char

acters leave a door to this chamber open, they could

unleash havoc on the complex.

Treasure: One of the skeletal corpses in the room

wears + 1 ma&ic hide armor.

ENCOUNTER  AREAS  I 14.  None  Shall  Pass

15. Storage

Roleplaying Encounter

16. Zarr's Quarters

Trap/Hazard Encounter Level 1 (225 XP)

When the characters enter this area, read:

An emaciated kobold searches through some dusty crates,

boxes, and juas scattered around the room. It jumps when

it sees you and squawks briefly before clappina a arimy

hands over its mouth and sweepina its wide eyes across

the room.

"Don't make a sound!" it pleads in whispe red Common.

The door to this chamber is locked and trapped, and

only Zarr has the key and knows how to safely bypass

the trap without needing to disarm it. A character

'

who successfully disarms the door trap can keep the

poisoned needle. The needle's poison can be used

only once and is spent even if the attack misses. A DC

11 Thievery check is needed to pick the lock

Creatures: Grand Grelpin, a kobold wyrm-

priest (page 95), was leading the tribe's search for

a rumored dragon in Undermountain when Zarr

showed up and killed their leader. Some of the

other kobolds got it in their heads that Zarr was the

rumored dragon in half-elf form, and they quickly

fell  in line. Grand Grelpin began to argue but swiftly

realized he could not convince the others that Zarr

was no dragon, so he played along rather than be

killed. The wyrmpriest grudgingly served Zarr until

the half-elf ordered him to face the basilisk in Area 5.

That's when Grand Grelpin snuck off and hid in here,

biding his time until he could find a way to escape.

Features: The crates and boxes contain mostly

junk With a DC 14 Perception check, a character

finds a mundane piece of equipment that might be

useful later, such as a rope or lantern.

Roleplay

Grand Grelpin is the ultimate pragmatist. He knows

he doesn't stand a chance against the characters, and

he suspects the heroes might be able to take out Zarr

and the goblin hex hurler that acts as the half-elf's

advisor.

Grand Grelpin tells the adventurers he is hiding

here because he knows too much and, as a priest,

cannot abandon his tribe. The wyrmpriest then tries

to convince the characters they need him to over

throw Zarr and end the kobold-goblin alliance.

Plot

Grand Grelpin would be happy to assist the char

acters in defeating Zarr, as long as they spare any

kobolds they encounter in the complex and allow him

to gather up the remaining kobolds, declare himself

tribal chief, and relaunch the tribe's quest to find

the rumored dragon. If this happens, the characters

could later come across Grand Grelpin somewhere

else in Undermountain, either wandering about or

serving another master.

Poisoned Needle

Object

Detect Perception DC 19

Immune attacks

TRIGGERED ACTIONS

Level1  Trap

XP  100

Initiative -

ed.(pJ?l  on)

Triyyer: A creature opens the door.

Effect (Immediate Reaction): The triggering creature takes ongo

ing 5 poison damage and falls unconscious (save ends both).

Aftereffect: The creature takes 10 poison damage.

Special: This trap can be triggered only once.

CouNTERMEASURES

+ Disable: Thievery DC 19 (standard action). Success: The

needle trap is disarmed. Failure by 5 or More: The trap triggers.

When the characters enter the room, read:

A makeshift bed and stuffed mattress fill up the room's

northern portion. Alona the west wall, two anael statues

flank a rickety shelf atop which sit three books about mili

tary history. Below the shelf are a desk and chair. A book

with a leather cover lays open on the desk. Given its rela

tively fresh-lookinB ink, the book miaht be a journal.

Features: Zarr spends most ofhis time here read

ing about military tactics and writing his memoir, The

Life and Wisdom ofZarr the Invincible. Since his mega

lomania curbs sleep, the half-elf trapped his bed.

Hidden oil flasks provide the fuel, so the trap can be

disarmed by safely disconnecting these flasks.

Fire-Spewing Bed

Object

Detect Perception DC  20

HP15

AC  10, Fortitude 5, Reflex 5, Will-

Immune necrotic, poison, psychic, radiant, forced  movement, all

Levell Trap

XP  125

Initiative -

conditions, ongoing damage

Triyyer: A creature moves the bed, or more than 20 pounds of

weight is  placed on the bed.

Attack (No Action): Close burst 1 (creatures in the burst); +5  vs.

Reflex

Hit: 4d6 fire  damage, and ongoing 5 fire damage (save ends).

Miss:  Half damage.

Effect: The bed and trap are destroyed.

CouNTERMEASURES

+ Disable: Thievery DC  20 (standard action). Success: The trap

is disarmed. Failure by 5 or More: The trap is triggered.

ENCOUNTER  AREAS  j  16.  Zarr's  Quarters

Plot

Zarr's memoir opens with a discussion of his Dale

lands explorations months ago. It quickly reveals his

obsession with the military. The book then describes

the half-elf coming to Waterdeep, where a young

noble named Rutherford Urmbrusk hired Zarr to

watch his back in Undermountain. The final entry

that mentions Rutherford suggests the noble was

going mad as he searched for his father. The young

lord, Zarr writes, was following a voice only he could

hear, heading north past a room with a whistling well

(see Area 62, page 78).

Zarr switches gears suddenly, writing that destiny

settled into his bones the moment he saw a spiral

symbol on a wall in Undermountain similar to one he

saw in the Dalelands. The book contains no other ref

erence to the spiral symbol. The passages that follow

twang with paranoia, delusions of grandeur, and fan

tastic plans ofleading an army of mythic fierceness

against the world, killing until all heads bow to Zarr

the Invincible.

1 7.  Laboratories

Combat Encounter Levell (100 XP)

This chamber is divided into four laboratories where

Zarr's "gifted" underlings work on various war-related

projects. A kobold alchemist conducts experiments in  U

the southeastern work area. The other work areas are

currently empty; the alchemist has had some spectac- z

ular failures recently, prompting the others to vacate

the room whenever he's present.

When the characters enter the area, read:

This area reeks of chemicals, smoke, and bumedflesh.

Across from the entranceway, work benches covered in care

fully arranged tools and materials abut the wall. A peek

around the chamber's central wail reveals an almost identi

cal setting.

If the characters enter from a hallway where they can

see the alchemist, describe a kobold carefully pour

ing liquid from a container into a vial that already

contains liquid. If they approach from a different

hallway, describe a high-pitched voice chittering in

Draconic, "Careful! Zarr says no more boom boom.

Running out of fingers, we are."

18. Parade Grounds

Combat Encounter Levell (3 00 XP)

Zarr's subcommanders use this room to parade

troops in front of their leader, showing him their

readiness for battle.

When the characters inspect the room, read:

Someone has made an effort to decorate the walls of this

room with old tapestries, and sculptures made from old

helms, shields, and broken weapons adorn the various cor

ners. A 20foot-wide pit covered with wooden planks has

been dua into the southwest corner of the floor.

Creatures: Since no festivities are taking place,

only two members of Zarr's honor guard are in this

area. Chosen for their bravery and skill in battle, a

hobgoblin warmonger (Monster Vault,  page 122) and

a kobold dragonshield (Monster Vault,  page 181) stand

in front of a door leading into the War Room (Area

20). If the characters somehow bypass this area and

reach Zarr, these guards rush to their master's side if

they hear sounds ofbattle beyond the doors.

Features: A pit, 20 feet square and 10 feet deep,

has been dug in the room's southwestern corner.

Wooden planks cover it. Gladiatorial events-typically

prisoners versus prisoners or prisoners versus mon

sters-are held here to entertain Zarr's soldiers.

Treasure: Each honor guard proudly wears a gold

necklace worth 100 gp.

Plot

IfZarr's army captures the characters, the heroes

might be given the chance to recover before being

goaded into a pit fight. Once they are released from

manacles, shoved into the pit, and tossed weap

ons, the adventurers might be able to orchestrate

an escape.

Creatures: Hapdash, a kobold slinger (Monster

Vault,  page 180), is in charge of creating alchemical

weapons for Zarr's army. He has taken to his job with

zeal, learning his new trade through a lot of trial and

even more error. He's covered with burns and scars

and is missing a few fingers.

Hapdash has within his reach a number of volatile

and potentially dangerous mixtures. In additional to

the abilities presented in his statistics block, Hapdash

can mix (minor action) and throw (standard action) a

random vial, making the following attack: Area burst

1 within 10 (creatures in the burst); +6 vs. Reflex:

[] Noxious Gas (poison). Hit:  ld6 poison damage,

and ongoing 5 poison damage (save ends). First

Failed Savina Throw: The target falls unconscious

(save ends).

GJ Acidic Fire (acid, fire):  ld8 fire damage, and

ongoing 5 acid damage (save ends).

[Z] Loud Explosion (thunder): 1d10 thunder

damage, and the target falls prone.

~ Viscid Glue: The target is restrained (save ends).

[8] Enhanced Armor: The target gains a + 1 bonus to

AC until it takes an extended rest.

[] Double Whammy: Roll twice, ignoring another

roll of 6 on this turn.

Features: The other work areas contain materials

used for arcane research and trap-making, but noth

ing of particular value.

Roleplay

Hapdash is terrified of the characters at first and

begins indiscriminately mixing and throwing vials.

If the adventurers can calm him, they can learn the

alchemist has lost his love of serving Zarr. Now his

only passion is mixing odd chemicals to see what

happens.

If the characters can convince Hapdash they mean

him no harm and would like to help him continue

in his new profession, award them XP as if they'd

defeated the kobold in combat. In addition, Hapdash

spills all he knows about the half-elf's plans. How

ever, he refuses to take up arms against anyone in

Zarr's army.

If a character messes with his chemicals, Hapdash

goes ballistic and attacks.

ENCOUNT ER  AREAS  I  18.  Parade  Grounds

19. Nervous Guards

Combat Encounter Levell (550 XP)

A contingent of soldiers vigilantly stands guard in

the passageway, nervously watching for monsters

and other intruders coming from the south. Several

patrols have been sent into the chambers south of

here, but their blood-chilling screams were all that

returned. Zarr has given up trying to expand in that

direction, but he posts guards here around the clock,

in case whatever's over there gets curious and moves

toward them.

Creatures: Two hobgoblin spear soldiers (Monster

Vault,  page 157) and two kobold dragonshields (Mon

ster Vault , page 181) stand guard, nerves frayed as

they perform this most-hated duty.

Roleplay

Emotionally brittle, these guards might be persuaded

to desert Zarr's army or allow the characters safe pas

sage. Or they might fess up to their fear and offer the

heroes coin, drink, or some other bribe to  kill what

ever's lurking in the chambers to the south.

Plot

What lurks to the south is up to you. It is likely one or

more powerful and evil creatures. Of course, since it

has slain only members ofZarr's army (as far as the

characters know), it might be a good-aligned creature,

one that can offer the characters something of value

in return for a favor.

20. War Room

Combat Encounter Level 7 (1,675 XP)

Zarr and his advisors are here, studying incomplete

maps of the Dungeon Level and plotting their next

foray to expand their territory.

When the characters reach this room, read:

Crudely rendered maps cover the walls of this torchlit

chamber. A large rune on the floor is encircled by tattered

circular rugs, and a double ballista rests near one wall.

Three kobolds and a halfelf stand between you and two

tipped-over tables. A goblin pokes its head out from behind

one of the tables. The halfelf draws his longsword and

shouts, "Keep ranks, soldiers! Assassins have come to kill

your general! Iet's make them a footnote in my glorious

history!"

Creatures: Zarr (statistics below) is here along

with one goblin hex hurler (Monster Vault , page 155)

and three kobold quickblades (Monster Vault, page

180). In addition, if the characters did not deal with

the two guards in Area 18, they arrive one round

after combat is joined.

Zarr activates the ballista, after which he and

::_j

the kobolds stay close to the rune on the floor. The

co

goblin takes cover behind an overturned table and

makes ranged attacks while using the rune to teleport  u

enemies (particularly spellcasters) within striking

distance of its allies. Zarr prefers to attack enemies

teleported by the rune, since they are immobilized

and he gains combat advantage against them.

>

z

Zarr is sure the characters are assassins from an

enemy army, so he fights to the death. His kobold

quickblades do the same. The goblin, however, might

surrender if all the others are dead or incapacitated.

<t:

N

Zarr

Medium natural humanoid, half-elf

HP 85; Bloodied 42

AC  24, Fortitude 20, Reflex 22, Will  21

Speed 6

TRAITS

Zarr's Advantage

Level  8  Soldier

XP 350

Initiative+ 11

Perception +9

Zarr gains combat advantage against immobilized creatures.

STANDARD AcTioNs

CD  longsword (weapon)+ At-Will

Attack: Melee 1 (one creature); + 13 vs. AC

Hit: 2d8 + 7 damage.

Effect: Zarr marks the target until the end of his  next turn.

TRIGGERED AcTIONS

f Advantageous jab (weapon)+ At-Will

TriBBer: An  enemy marked by Zarr makes an attack that doesn't

include him as a target.

Attack (Immediate Interrupt): Melee 1 (triggering enemy); + 13

vs.AC

Hit:  1d8 + 7 damage. Effect: The target takes a -2  penalty to

attack rolls until the end of this turn.

Skills Athletics+ 12

Str16(+7)

Con 13 (+5)

Alignment evil

Equipment leather armor, longsword

Dex 20(+9)

lnt 10 (+4)

languages Common

Wis 11  (+4)

Cha 18 (+8)

Features of the Area

A miniatures-scale map of this area appears on one of

the battle maps included with this book. Feel free to

use it to help run this encounter.

Ballista: The ballista is attached to the floor but

pivots to face any direction. The weapon is attuned

to Zarr, who must spend a minor action to activate

or deactivate it. When activated, the ballista rolls

initiative and fires two magic missiles each round

on its turn , automatically hitting its intended targets

(the ballista targets only Zarr's enemies). The ballista

ceases to function when reduced to 0 or fewer hit

points.

ENCOUNTER  AREAS  I 20.  War  Room

Magic Missile Ballista

Object

Detect

HP 55

AC  16, Fortitude 13, Reflex 10, Will-

Immune  necrotic, poison, psychic, radiant, forced  movement, all

Levell Elite Trap

XP  250

Initiative +5

5  False-Floor Pits

Obj<c t

Detect Perception DC  19

Immune attacks

TRIGGERED ACTIONS

.j. Attack+ At-Will

Level1  Trap

XP  100 each

Initiative-

conditions, ongoing damage

STANDAim AcTioNs

~ Effect (force)+ At-Will

Effect:  Ranged 10 (one or two creatures); 5 force damage.

COUNTERMEASURES

+Control: Arcana DC  20 (standard action). Success: The char

acter determines which creature the ballista attacks on its

next turn.

+Deactivate/Reactivate: Arcana or Thievery DC  20 (standard

action). Requirement: The character must be adjacent to the

ballista. Success: The ballista ceases to function (if deacti

vated) or resumes functioning (if reactivated).

Concealed Pits: The round rugs help to conceal

five  10-foot-deep false-floor pits. Zarr's troops are

aware of the pits and avoid them. The pits' walls can

be climbed with a DC 10 Athletics check.

Triaaer: A creature enters one of the pit's squares.

Attack (Immediate Reaction):  Melee 1 (triggering creature); +4

vs. Reflex.

Hit: The target falls  10 feet to the bottom of the pit, taking 1 d1 0

damage and falling prone.

Miss: The target returns to the last square it occupied and its

movement ends immediately.

Effect: The false floor opens is  no longer concealed.

CouNTERMEASURES

+  Disable: Thievery DC  19 (standard action). Success: The false

floor is jammed closed and the trap cannot attack.

Teleportation Rune: As a minor action once per

round, the goblin hex hurler can activate the rune

on the floor, causing it to teleport and immobilize

an enemy. After seeing the rune activate, a character

trained in Arcana can, with a DC 20 Arcana check,

activate it as a minor action once per round.

ENCOUN TE R  AR E AS  I 20.  War  Room

Teleportation Rune

Object

Detect

Immune attacks

TRIGGERED ACTIONS

~ Effect(tel~portat~on) +At-Will

Levell Trap

XP 125

Initiative -

Totnbs  of

Dayan

IJ.

0

Tri99er: The goblin hex hurler takes a minor action to activate

the rune.

Effect (Immediate Reaction): Close  burst 10 (one creature in the

burst); 1 d8  damage, and the target is  teleported to a space

inside the rune and  immobilized until the end of its next turn.

COUNTERMEASURES

+Analyze: Arcana DC  20 (standard action). Success: The char

acter ascertains the power of the rune.

+Control: Arcana DC 20 (standard action; trained only). Suc

cess: The character can trigger the rune's attack power as a

minor action once per round.

+Deactivate: Thievery DC  20 (standard action). Requirement:

The character must be standing on or adjacent to the rune.

Success: The  rune ceases to function  until the end of the

encounter.

Tables: The overturned tables provide cover.

Treasure: Zarr carries a pouch with 107 gp inside

it, and he wears a circlet of authority (Player's Hand

book, page 248, or Dunaeon Master's Kit, page 265) or

another level 7 common magic item. The goblin and

kobolds carry no treasure.

Development

If the heroes manage to take Zarr prisoner and ques

tion him, he rants about his army arriving to liberate

him. The half-elf proudly states that his forces have

been instructed to pay no ransom.

If asked about Rutherford Urmbrusk (see Area

63, page 78), Zarr appears confused and flustered as

his delusions and reality warble together. Zarr tells

the characters he once served with a soldier named

Rutherford, but the scoundrel abandoned the army

around the time the troops were passing a whistling

well (Area 62, page 78) and a corridor full of crushed

bones (Area 61, page 77).

This adventure sees the heroes infiltrating a domain

controlled by the vampire Dayan and his undead

servants. Dayan is using the power and knowledge

gained from a secret laboratory left behind by a long

dead necromancer whose identity is lost in the fog

of time. This area ofUndermountain also contains

long-forgotten tombs that provide Dayan with an

abundant supply of corpses to fuel his ambitions.

BACKGROUND

At some point between Halaster's presumed death

and the present, a necromancer escaped persecution

by Waterdeep authorities by taking refuge in Under

mountain. One area lent itself particularly well to the

necromancer's magic as he tinkered with the stuff of

life and death.

After setting up laboratories in the dungeon and

gaining a great deal of knowledge and power in the

necromantic arts, the necromancer succumbed to

death. All that remained of his legacy were a few

undead creatures that wandered off and a large

library of notes on the practice of necromancy.

Recently, some Undermountain explorers found

some of the necromancer's notes, but the dungeon

delvers were forced to flee before they could collect

them. Rumors of the notes' existence spread.

When a mage named Varriel heard about the

library, she recognized it for what it was-a great deal

of power. Not adventurous enough to make the trip

hersel Varriel hired Aizel Treemaine, a female elf

wizard, to explore on her behalf. Aizel joined Ruth

erford Urmbrusk's adventuring party to make the

descent. When the party broke up, Aizel followed

some clues to the forgotten laboratory. She found a

vampire had beaten her there, and he was already

using the lab to create undead servants.

The vampire, Dayan, captured Aizel and added

her to his collection ofliving prisoners, which he uses

to power his experiments. Dayan marks his undead

creatures with a unique symbol, and adventurers

who have escaped the creatures have returned to the

surface with stories of undead creatures bearing this

mark. Varriel recognizes the mark as one purportedly

associated with the notes she seeks, and she is con

vinced that someone-perhaps even Aizel-has started

using the knowledge. Getting desperate, she seeks

more adventurers to act on her behal

TOMBS  OF  DAYAN  I Backaround

Either because they have gained some renown

already or because the  ha  e been heard discuss-

ing Undermountain,  arriel learns the characters

might be able to help her. She approaches them in the

Yawning Portal's taproom.

Read:

Afemale human of middle years dressed in red robes

approaches you. She nods curtly and adjusts her hood. As

she does so, you notice her head is shaved bald.

"I hear you are capable adventurers who show promise

in navi3atin3 Undermountain's dan3ers," she says. "May I

speak with you about a job opportunity?"

Give the players a moment to answer before Varriel

continues.

Then read:

"I fear a weat threat is wowinB in the 3rand dun3eon's

darkest corners. I have heard rumors of a laboratory that

contains a wealth of necromantic knowled3e and power.

I sent another adventurer, an elf named Aizel, to investi

&ate. Not only has she not returned, but I have lately heard

rumors of undead creatures in Undermountain bear in&

a unique mark-a skull over a da33er blade-associated

with the laboratory. I fear someone-perhaps even Aizel-is

usin3 the laboratory for necromantic experiments.

"I want you to find the lab and stop the necromancer. As

proof of your success, brin3 me any books or scrolls about

necromancy you find. I shall pay you handsomely fo r your

service."

If the characters have talked to Lady Lestra Urm

brusk (page 18), they have probably heard the name

Aizel mentioned as one of Rutherford's adventuring

companions. This might be enough to motivate them

to take the job.

Varriel can provide the characters with 100 gp

each and directions to the laboratory's general area.

She might also promise to give the heroes a reward

of magic items, such as potions or a specific item

a character wants, upon the job's completion. The

directions, which she pieced together from talks with

adventurers who claimed to see zombies bearing the

skull-and-dagger mark, lead the characters to the

Lanceboard Room (see Area 21, page 39).

Feel free to craft the directions to send the charac

ters along the dungeon path you want them to travel.

Made from adventurers' recollections, the directions

are likely little more than left and right instructions

along a vague path. Such a discussion could attract

the interest ofRuudi Stonekin (page 13), and the

female dwarf might be able to provide an actual

map (for a tidy sum and the heroes' promise of some

cartography work) as well as some lore about the

Lanceboard Room.

STARTING  THE

ADVENTURE

This adventure hook will be much stronger if during

a previous trip into Undermountain the characters

came across an undead creature bearing the mark

of a skull resting on a dagger's blade. One appears in

"Zarr's Invincible Army" (see Area 13, page 30), but

you should feel free to improvise your own encounter

with marked undead.

TOMBS  OF  D A YAN  I  Startina  the  Adventure

Red Wizard Varriel

Varriel 's red robes, bald pate, and interest in nec

romantic magic might set off warning bells in the

minds of players who are well versed in Forgotten

Realms lore. These are the signature features of a Red

Wizard ofThay.

Varriel is indeed a Red Wizard, but what this

means is up to you. Red Wizards have two reputa

tions in the North. They are first and foremost evil

necromancers who serve Szass Tam and his dreams

ofThayan conquest. However, some are refugees who

are looking to escape Szass Tam's wrath and make

new lives for themselves. Many of these refugees work

as magic merchants, using their robes as a symbol of

their profession.

Varriel might be an evil or unaligned necromancer

loyal to Szass Tam and in Waterdeep on his orders,

or she might be aligned with the Thayans near Nev

erwinter and therefore under the command of the

lich Valindra Shadowmantle (see the Neverwinter

Campaian Guide). Alternatively, she might be a recent

emigre from Thay, having found the means to flee a

homeland she has come to fear, or she might be the

daughter of a Red Wizard who fled Szass Tam's rule

decades ago and who wears red robes to honor family

traditions. In any case, Varriel's interest in the necro

mantic arts is real, and you can decide whether or not

that interest is benign or malevolent.

If a player takes the hints about Varriel's origins, or

if you inform a player whose character should under

stand the clues, the heroes might object to working

with her. If so, Brother Sepulcher (page 11) can step

in with his own offer to reward the characters if they

follow through on the quest. Having overheard the

adventurers' conversation with Varriel, he surmises

the area in question might be the same place his

fellow followers ofJergal went. He can provide simi

lar directions to the adventurers.

ENCOUNTER AREAS

If the characters follow the directions Varriel or

Brother Sepulcher gave them, they begin the adven

ture approaching Area 21 from the south.

21.  Lanceboard Room

Combat Encounter LevelS (1,125 XP)

A fan of games, Halaster created this room to act as

a life-size version oflanceboard, a popular chess-like

game. With Dayan's influence holding sway in this

area, the game has changed somewhat. However,

Halaster's magic still forces both sides in the game to

play by strict rules.

ENCOUNTER  AREAS  I 21.  Lanceboard  Room

When the characters open the door into Area

21, read:

This large chamber's floor is covered in alternatinB black

and white Sfoot-square tiles. A hallway at the room's far

end continues north, and a door set into the room's western

wall is closed.

With a DC 15 Arcana check, a character realizes the

room radiates powerful magic. However, the tiles are

not trapped.

Nothing happens until a character steps onto the

"board." That character becomes the white cham

pion. The other heroes are instantly teleported into

squares in front of the first hero, becoming white

knights that assist and protect the white champion.

The characters not only take the lance board pieces'

positions but also physically morph into humanoid

size versions of the pieces' forms-knights mounted on

horses. Although the adventurers physically change,

they retain their statistics, defenses, and powers.

Black knights and a black champion appear on the

board opposite the characters. All characters on the

board when this occurs instantly become aware of

the game's rules, which you should relay to the play

ers at this time (see "Lanceboard Rules" below).

Creatures: Appearing as black knights are two

wraiths (Monster Vault,  page 284) and three hulking

zombies (Monster Vault,  page 294). A blazing skel

eton (Monster Vault , page 255) appears as the black

champion. Each bears on its forehead the skull-and

dagger symbol with which Dayan marks his undead

servants.

Features: Once the characters defeat the lance

board game, they may continue unhindered.

Area 21A contains two ore skeletons that have

been stripped of all their equipment and flesh.

Area 21B contains a 10-foot-long,  6-foot-wide

stone table with a locked iron coffer resting on it. A

DC 10 Arcana check reveals a magical aura around

the coffer, and a DC 15 Thievery check is sufficient

to open the lock, which causes the coffer to immedi

ately spring open. A puff of green powder explodes in

the opener's face , momentarily choking him or her.

The powder sheds a dim green glow and resists any

attempts at removal for a day. However, this trap is

nothing more than one ofHalaster's jokes and has no

harmful effect.

Treasure: The coffer contains a coin of good luck.

Coin  of Good Luck

A coin of good luck looks like any other gold coin. In

fact, it dons an appearance identical to whatever gold

coin it last touched. When handled, though, its magi

cal nature becomes apparent. Heads up, the coin

weighs ten times as much as a typical gold coin. Tails

up, it weighs less than a feather. Thus, the coin always

lands tails up when flipped. However, this property

pales in comparison to its more potent power. One

must have the coin in one's possession to use its utility

power, but the coin need not be held or flipped.

This shiny &old coin can mean the difference between life and

death, brilliant success and utter failure.

Consumable

Property

The coin always lands tails up when flipped .

Utility Power + Consumable (Free Action)

50 gp

Effect: Gain a+ 1 item bonus on an attack roll, skill  check, or

saving throw you just made.

Special: You  cannot use the utility power of another coin of

BOOd  luck  until after you've taken an extended rest.

Lanceboard  Rules

This game can accommodate up to nine knights and

a champion on each side. If more than six players

are at the table, the game's magic randomly switches

characters in and out of the game. Therefore, players

must be ready at all times, even when they are not on

the board. If fewer than six players are at your table,

put the same number ofblack pieces on the board as

there are players.

Lanceboard Layout: The chamber floor forms a

chessboard pattern ofblack and white 5-foot squares.

The board fills the room and is  10 squares wide by 14

squares long.

Starting Positions: Each champion appears in a

random square in the row along the north or south

wall. (You can roll a dlO to determine the exact

square in each case.) Knights are randomly arrayed

in the row directly in front of their champion. Each

piece begins the game in its own square.

Initiative: Once the champions and knights are

in place , both sides roll initiative.

E NCOUN TER  A REAS  [  21.  Lanceboard  Room

Objective: The object of the game is to destroy the

opposing champion.

Actions: The game enforces strict limitations on

movement, which are discussed below. Beyond that,

combat is handled normally.

Movement: On its turn, a piece can move  1 square

as a move action. (A piece that takes two move actions

on its turn can move a total of 2 squares.) A knight

starting its turn on a white square can move only

to white squares, and a knight starting its turn on a

black square can move only to black squares (like

bishops in chess). A champion has no such limitations

and can move into squares of either color. No piece

can leave the board until the game is concluded.

If a knight or champion enters an ally's square,

it can move through that square for free; however,

it cannot end its movement there. Moving through

allied squares allows a knight or champion to cover

more ground than is normally allowed.

A knight or champion cannot enter or pass

through a square occupied by an enemy knight or

champion.

Teleportation powers and forced movement func

tion normally, with the caveat that no knight or

champion can move or be teleported off the board. A

piece can be forced to move into squares it normally

z

~

0

u..

0

Vi

ro

2

0

1-

cannot enter on its own (for example, a knight on a

white square can be pushed into a black square).

Pieces that are knocked prone must use actions to

stand, as normal. No running, charging, or crawling

is allowed.

Attacks: Characters and monsters use their own

powers, attacks, and defenses despite their altered

appearance. A champion deals double damage on all

attacks.

Summoned Creatures and Companions:

Mounts, animal companions, spirit companions, and

familiars disappears for the duration of the battle. A

summoned creature fails to appear, and the power

used to summon it is spent.

0  Hit Points: When a character drops to 0 hit

points or fewer, he or she disappears from the board.

Once the game is over, the character reappears in the

hallway, restored to his or her original form, with 1

hit point.

Monsters that drop to 0 hit points die and vanish.

Endgame: If the characters win the game, all

restrictions the game imposed on them disappear,

they take their own shapes, and they can move about

the room freely. If the monsters win, the characters

appear back in the hallway. If they enter the room

again, they must play. They cannot traverse the room

without winning the game.

22. Deep Well

Exploration Encounter

This chamber contains a dry well that Halaster cre

ated to bring fresh air into the dungeon. On rare

occasion, some unsuspecting creature might be tele

ported into the dungeon from afar. The nature of the

well's magic acts as a hazard, too.

When the adventurers enter this room, read:

The center of this room contains a lara e.  dry well. A hot

and dry breeze suddenly blows out of it, send ina bits of arit

into your eyes. Moments later, an icy a ale whips across you,

brina with it the scent of the sea. Peerina into the well does

not reveal its bottom; the shaft descends into darkness.

Features: The well is a one-way teleporter that

brings air into the dungeon from other parts of

Faerun. From time to time it also disgorges creatures,

not all of them hostile. No monsters are currently in

the chamber, but you can use the well's one-way tele

porter to bring a creature-confused at having been

teleported an unknown distance in the blink of an

eye-springing out of the shaft.

Any creature that fully enters the well or tele

ported into the wellshaft from some farflung location

is violently thrust upward against the 20-foot-high

ceiling and takes 2dl0 damage plus an additional

2d10 damage when it falls to the floor next to the

well. The magic of the well cannot be suppressed or

removed.

23 .  Finger Bones

Roleplaying Encounter

When the characters get anywhere near this

area, they hear weeping, moaning, and possibly

whispering.

When the heroes can see the seven cells in this

room, read:

Alona the north wall, seven doors composed of metal bars

enclose seven cells with alowina runes inscribed on their

inside walls. Thin wires of gold filament run along the ceil

inafrom door to door. The sounds of sobbing, hissina, and

mumblin9 emanate from the cells.

A human skeleton leans aaainst the chamber's eastern

wall, its left arm bone sluna around the shoulders of an elf's

decayin8 corpse.

Creatures: From the west, the first two cells are

empty; the last two cells contain the fresh corpses of

a halfling adventurer and a carrion crawler; and the

middle three cells hold living creatures. In the third

cell is a quietly sobbing male dwarf The fourth cell

imprisons an injured guard drake (Monster Vault,

page 82). The fifth cell holds a lizardfolk greenscale

raider (Monster Vault , page 188).

Features: All the cell doors and the chamber's

two northern doors are locked. The locks on the cell

doors do not take normal keys and instead have some

sort of magical component to their operation. The

locks are difficult to pick (DC 22 Thievery check),

and the keyholes are round, each having a slightly

different diameter.

The keys to the locks are seven of the finger bones

from the skeleton in the main chamber. Once the

characters figure this out, they have no problem

opening the locks. Allow a DC 19 Perception check

to notice flecks of bone in the keyholes if the heroes

are stumped.

Glowing runes cover the inside walls of the cells.

Just standing in a cell makes a character feel tired

and lethargic. With a DC 13 Arcana check, an adven

turer knows these runes are drawing energy from

creatures in the cells.

The thin gold wires linking the cells run along the

room's ceiling before traveling out the northerns door

and heading west toward Area 24. A DC 21 Arcana

check reveals that the energy being drained from the

prisoners here is being diverted from these cells via

the gold wiring.

Roleplay

The dwarf prisoner is  Graven Larvoldson, a metal

smith. Dayan kidnapped the dwarf from his

workshop in Waterdeep and brought him here to

create the receptacles Dayan uses to hold his life

force when he turns to mist. H is work completed,

Graven has been left in his cell to die.

Although the dwarf is not afraid of dying, he

weeps because he knows he will never see his wife

and four children again. Graven can warn the heroes

about Dayan and tell them the vampire had him craft

cylindrical gold containers to fit inside animated suits

of armor. Each container is about the size of a scroll

tube and was placed inside a suit's chest. The metal

smith doesn't know the receptacles' purpose, but he

once saw Dayan fill one with dirt.

The guard drake is near death (it's unconscious

with 0 hit points) and can barely move. Characters

who pull it from the cell and heal it might be able to

train it as a helper or companion, at your discretion.

Sheh'stek, the lizardfolk prisoner, was part of the

lizardfolk invasion force that is detailed in "Scaly

Doom" (page 57). He was sent to explore this part of

the dungeon and was captured. Assuming the charac

ters have not yet played ther "Scaly Doom" adventure ,

Sheh'stek tells the characters (if they speak Draconic)

that his clan inhabits another section of the dungeon,

and that he owes his life to the heroes. He hopes he

can someday repay them.

E NCOUNTER  AREAS  I 23.  Finaer  Bones

z

~

0

w..

0

Plot

If the characters can get Graven out of the dungeon

safely, he would be a good contact for the characters

in Waterdeep. He is a respected metalsmith, and he

might be able to arrange cheaper purchases or other

paid jobs for them.

If the adventurers release Sheh'stek, he goes back

to his people and continues to help with the tribe's

plans. However, when the characters face lizardfolk

in "Scaly Doom," Sheh'stek remembers them. How he

repays their kindness is up to you. It might be a repay

ment that could save their lives if they are captured or

face overwhelming adversity.

24.  Enhanced Mummy

Combat Encounter Levell (350 XP)

If the characters arrive in this room without going

through Area 23, they hear weeping and mumbling

coming from Area 23.

When the characters peer into the room, read:

This chamber hums with ener3y. Gold filaments run across

the ceilinB and down the far wall before spreadinB like a

web over a marble slab set a3ainst the wall. A mummified

human wrapped in strips of cloth and wearinB a 3olden

bracer on one wrist lays deathly still on the slab.

Creatures: A shambling mummy (Monster Vault,

page 212) rests on the slab, absorbing life energy from

the prisoners in Area 23. When a living creature

enters the room or the mummy is attacked, it rises.

Because of the energy it has gained from the pris

oners in Area 23, the mummy gains the following

additional traits and powers:

TRAITS

Regeneration

The mummy regains 5 hit points whenever it starts its turn.

STANDARD ACTIONS

Double Attack + At-Will

The mummy uses rottins grasp  twice.

The mummy loses these traits and powers if the

gold bracer around its wrist is removed. The bracer

can be removed with a DC 22 Thievery check (a stan

dard action that provokes an opportunity attack from

the mummy), and players might devise other innova

tive solutions (a ma3e hand spell, for  example).

Treasure: The gold filaments in this and the pre

vious room can be collected. They are worth 90 gp.

ENCOUNTER  AREAS  I 24.  Enhanced  Murnrny

I

25.  Dancing Skeletons

Trap/Hazard Encounter Levell (200 XP)

26.  Reanimation Machine

Combat Encounter Level3 (750 XP)

As the characters enter this area, read:

Purple eneray plays back and forth between two pillars

wrapped in thin a old wire and etched with skull-and-daa

aer symbols. In the space between the pillars,four skeletons

dance and wriaale as the eneray washes over them. Two of

the skeletons could be kobolds, and the other two appear to

be drake skeletons.

Shallow arooves carved into the floor accommodate the

gold wirin9, which stretch from the pillars to an archway in

the north wall. The wires continue beyond the archway.

Features: The wire-wrapped pillars are another of

Dayan's experiments in draining energy from living

creatures to feed necromantic machines. In this case,

the device destroyed its kobold and drake victims,

and their essences were sent north through the wires

to power a reanimation machine in Area 26.

The skeletons are not animated, but the energy

that courses between the pillars makes them move

as if they are. To keep the players on their toes, call

for them to roll initiative. If a character attacks a skel

eton, it is destroyed in one hit.

Any creature that moves between the pillars while

the energy field is active gets zapped. Award the char

acters XP for  the hazard if they deactivate it.

Necrotic Energy Field

Object

Detect

Immune attacks

II;URHIGYhi41tVb

Effect (necrotic) + At-Will

Level  5  Hazard

XP  200

Initiative-

Tri99er: A living creature moves between the two pillars.

Effect (No  Action): The triggering creature takes 2d6 + 6 necrotic

damage.

CouNTERMEASUREs

+ Deactivate: Thievery DC  22 (standard action). Success: The

energy field  ceases to function. Failure: The character takes

2d6 + 6  necrotic damage.

Treasure: The gold wires can be unwound from

the pillars and pried off the floor once the hazard is

deactivated. The wiring is worth 200 gp.

One of Dayan's experiments has recently been com

pleted here. It was both an incredible success and a

~~~~re.



A pair of thin gold wires travels between this room

and Area 25. The wires are set into shallow grooves

in the floor and carry the life force of creatures killed

in Area 25 to the reanimation device here.

When the characters arrive, read:

An inclined stone table covered with thin a old sheets occu

pies the room's center. Four rotting creatures covered in

weeping sores stand around it.

A middle-aged f emale human in molderina, antiquated

f inery is strapped to the table. Her skin is gray, wrinkled,

and torn in places. As you take in her features, her face

beains to smooth and rea a in a pink hue.

Creatures: Two ghouls (Monster Vault,  page 126)

and two flesh-crazed zombies (Monster Vault, page

295) have followed Dayan's instructions to strap a

corpse to the reanimation device. When the charac

ters interrupt the experiment, the creatures attack.

Features: Even if the characters cut the wires or

stopped the energy flow from Area 2 5, enough power

has entered the machine to allow it to continue work

ing for several rounds.

Treasure: The gold sheets covering the table can

be pried off and are worth 500 gp total.

Raising the Dead

The adventurers might try to use the table to reani

mate a dead companion, assuming they haven't

destroyed its workings by unwinding the gold wire

from around the pillars in Area 25. Of course, for

something like this to work, the characters would

need to force living creatures into the energy field.

Setting aside the moral implications, characters

can use the device to raise creatures from the dead.

Whenever the energy field in Area 25 deals damage

to a living creature, the hit points "drained" by the

device are carried as life energy through the gold

wiring to the reanimation table. To raise a dead crea

ture on the table, the energy field must drain 100 hit

points per level of the creature. For example, a level

5 creature or character requires 500 hit points of

drained life energy to raise. The effects are otherwise

similar to a Raise Dead ritual.

At your discretion, there might be unexpected

side effects of this reanimation process. The raised

creature might need regular infusions oflife energy

to stay alive, or it might gain only half the normal

number of hit points when it spends a healing surge.

ENCOUNTER  AREAS  I 26.  Reanimation  Machine

It might also suffer from nightmares, hear ghostly

whispers, or gain certain undead cravings.

Roleplay

The woman on the table is Amari De'Spri, a human

noble who was interred in Area 34's tombs long ago.

Her and her husband's bodies remained undisturbed

until Dayan's plans ruined their rest. Now she is alive

again, returned to life and health by the necromantic

machine.

She was reanimated using kobold and rage drake

life forces, leaving her mind temporarily addled. She

is unsure of who she is or how she got here. Kobold

and rage drake mannerisms also frequently and

unexpectedly color Amari's behavior. She doesn't

want to live like this-alone and afraid of what she's

become. She asks to be reunited with her husband

in death and wishes to have her body interred in its

proper tomb (in Area 34D). If the adventures decline

her morbid request, she can be persuaded to accom

pany one or more of them to the surface.

Plot

The characters could come across the restless spirit

of Amari's husband, Julain, in Area 34. If so, he begs

the heroes to help his wife's spirit, which he can sense

is in great turmoil. He asks the characters to help

return it to its proper burial site.

Depending on what the characters have done with

Amari, fulfilling that request might be difficult.

27. Grubby Treasure

Combat Encounter Levell (500 XP)

This area contains rot grub swarms under Dayan con

trol. They act as both soldiers and an alarm system.

When the characters enter the room, read:

This chamber offers a arisly siaht. Numerous corpses

are draped over five larae chests. The carcasses are of all

manner of creatures-a couple humans, a carrion crawler,

dire rats, and even an oare. A small urn near the bodies has

toppled over, spillina ash on the floor.

Creatures: If the corpses or chests are disturbed

in any way, they release two rot grub swarms (page

96). One of the swarms attacks the characters, while

the other scurries off to warn Dayan that intruders

are approaching his realm.

In addition, six crawling claws (page 93) lurk in

one of the chests. They attack with surprise as soon as

the chest is opened.

Features: The chests are not locked, having been

plundered and discarded many years ago. Now they

contain bones.

The urn became a part of the landscape when

a priest of]ergal (exarch of proper burial) who was

investigating this area dropped it before becoming

one of the corpses on the chests. The urn has motifs

that honor the exarch. Although not worth much in

terms of coin, the characters can present the urn to

Brother Sepulcher (page 11) or the other priests of

Jergal to earn their favor.

Treasure: One crawling claw wears a horned rin9.

Horned Ring

Halaster made eight iron rings of teleportation, one

for each ofhis apprentices and one for himself. He

imbued each ring with different powers and immuni

ties that would work only for the person for whom it

was designed. While a great boon, these rings were

rumored to allow Halaster to remotely view the wear

er's location and read his or her thoughts.

Level  8  Rare

Horned Ring

Of the multitude of powers imbued in each rins, only one is

accessible to a casual wearer-a te!eportation power allowinB

expeditious transport throush Undermountain.

Ring Slot

3,400 gp

Property (Teleportation)

When you  use a teleportation power, as long as the destination

space is within range and you  have seen the space before, you

need no line of sight to that space. However, if you attempt to

teleport to an occupied space, the teleportation attempt fails

and the power is expended.

Utility Power (Teleportation) + Daily (Move Action)

Effect: You  teleport to any location in  Undermountain you

have seen before.

ENCOUNTER  AREAS  I  2  7.  Grubby  Treasure

When the first character enters, he or she sees two

undead monsters (actually Mennik and Brighun) in

the middle portion of the room. Having shaken off

the room's mind-warping magic, the kobold and the

hobgoblin do not attack the character immediately but

have readied actions to defend themselves if attacked,

An illusion of a wall hides the door through which

the heroes entered. It looks and feels like a wall. With

a DC 22 Perception check, a character senses a flaw

in the magic and can walk through it, taking other

creatures with him.

Many, many creatures have died in this trap, either

being slain by a friend or foe or eventually dying of

dehydration or starvation when they couldn't find the

exit. Tallying the number of dead creatures' bones

here would take days.

Treasure: Among the bones in the chamber is

a + 1 rod of deadly casting (Dungeon Master's Kit, page

261) or another level2 common or uncommon magic

item of your choosing.

Roleplay

Mennik and Brighun have endured a terrifying few

days, and they have almost given up hope. They have

managed to shake off the room's mind-warping effect



but haven't been able to find the exit.

When the characters attack, they do their best to

defend themselves. However, the two are more than

willing to parley and work with the adventurers to

escape.

29.  Hold Still!

Trap/Hazard Encounter Levell (100 XP)

Another ofHalaster's ancient traps is primed to

attack at the corner of this hallway.

As the characters approach the corner, read:

Where the hallway turns west, you see a heap of dead crea

tures. The pile includes several dire rats, some normal rats,

a handful ofbats, and three kobolds. Surprisingly, the pile

does not stink, and none of the creatures is decomposing . In

fact, they appear to be coated with frost.

The trap destroyed all the creatures here. They are

not decomposing because they are frozen solid.

Features: The trap is simple but deadly. Any

creature entering the 10-foot-square section at the

passageway's corner must make a saving throw to

avoid the trap's effects.

28. Trapped Monsters

Combat Encounter Levell (275 XP)

One ofZarr's exploration teams came here, having

no idea it was Dayan's territory. The explorers ran

into this chamber, hoping to hide from the undead

creatures chasing them, but the chamber itself posed

even more of a threat to them than the creatures

chasing after them.

When the characters approach the door to this

chamber, read:

An iron plate is embedded in the stone door. Etched in

fancy Common script are the words "Keep Out. Very

Dangerous."

The door is neither locked nor trapped. If the door is

opened, only darkness can be seen beyond its frame.

A creature's darkvision or magic light cannot pierce

this darkness.

As soon as a character steps into the darkness, he

or she disappears from sight. If the hero was tethered ,

the rope falls to the ground. Even if someone outside

the chamber was holding onto the character who

stepped inside, the character disappears as though

teleported away. Have all the characters roll initia

tive  at this time, including the ones outside the room,

and roll initiative for the creatures as well. From this

point forward, until the encounter ends, have the

characters and creatures act in initiative order.

Cr eatures: Two ofZarr's creatures are alive and

trapped in the room, a hobgoblin spear soldier (Mon

ster Vault,  page 157) named Brighun and a kobold

dragonshield (Monster Vault,  page 181) named

Mennik. They stand ready to defend themselves from

the characters.

Features: This trap ofHalaster's is particularly

devious because it turns its victims' own fears against

them, causing friends to slay each other.

When a creature disappears into the darkness,

it reappears in the far western portion of the room.

Magic warps the creature's mind, making it believe

any other creatures in the room are shambling undead

horrors intent on disemboweling them and dining

on their entrails (save ends). Thus, friends slay one

another, all the while thinking they are fighting mon

sters. While under this effect, a creature treats all

other creatures in the room as enemies and must, on

its turn, take a standard action to make a basic attack

against its nearest enemy. If no enemy is within range,

the creature instead takes a standard action to charge

the nearest enemy it is able to charge. Once a character

saves against the mind-warping effect, he or she sees

the room's other occupants for what they truly are and

is no longer compelled to treat them as enemies.

ENCOU NTE R  A RE A S  I  29.  Hold  Still!

Level1  Trap

XP  100

Initiative -

31.  Pain and Fear

Roleplaying Encounter

Freezing Hall

Object

Detect Arcana  DC  11

Immune attacks

TRIGGERED  ACTIONS

Effect (cold) +  At-Will

Tri99er: A creature enters the trapped 1 0-foot-by-1 0-foot area.

Effect (No Action): The triggering creature makes a saving throw.

On a failure , the triggering creature is  restrained and takes

ongoing 10 cold damage (save ends both).

CouNTERMEASURES

+Deactivate: Arcana DC  19 (standard action). Success: The

trap ceases to function for  5 minutes.

Treasure: One of the kobold corpses has a plati

num ring worth 50 gp in its hand.

30. Soul-Stealing Swim

Combat Encounter Level 6 (1,300 XP)

As the characters move through the hallway in Area

30, they hear splashes coming from Area 30D. Mean

while, the sounds of clanging and the chipping of

rock issue from Area 30B.

When the characters open the door to Area 30D,

read:

Four pools occupy the corners of this chamber. The two

pools nearest the north wall contain red liquid, and above

each floats a wraith-like form . The two pools nearest the

south wall contain purple liquid.

A zombie holds a stru&&lintJ .9oblin in its hands and

plun.9es the screamin.9 .9oblin into the southeastern pool.

Instantly, the .9oblin stops strUtJtJlinB and the pool turns red.

A wraith emer.9es from the .9oblin's body.

Creatures: Three wraiths (Monster Vault, page

284) and one flesh-crazed zombie (Monster Vault ,

page 295) immediately attack the characters in area

30D. The other three rooms (30A, 30B, and 30C) in

this area each contain a single flesh-crazed zombie.

These zombies are digging holes so more pools can be

created. They ignore the heroes unless attacked.

Features: Three of the pools (now red) have been

drained of the power they possess to turn living crea

tures into wraiths. The fourth is still active. If a living

creature enters or starts its turn in the pool, it must

make a saving throw. Ifit fails the saving throw, the

creature loses a healing surge. If a creature with no

healing surges fails the saving throw while in the

pool, the creature dies and is immediately turned

into a wraith.

The characters most likely approach this area from

the southern passage.

When they can see into the room, read:

The moanin.9 and screamintJfrom this room can be heard

lon.9 before you can see what is happenintJ. Ei.9ht creatures

are chained to its walls. Five appear to be lifeless, but three

of them-a robed female human, a wretched .9oblin, and

a spittin.9 drake-convulse with pain. Glyphs on the walls

pulse bri.9htly with each tortured wail or .9roan. The mana

cles also bear various arcane .9lyphs.

A ban.9in.9 noise issues from somewhere north of this room.

1.1..

0

Vi

co

:?!

0

1-

Creatures: Every prisoner here, living and dead,

has been branded with the skull-and-dagger symbol

seen elsewhere in the dungeon. Only three of the

eight are still alive. Among the dead are two kobolds,

a grimy beardless dwarf, a goblin, and a skulk. The

survivors are briefly described below:

+ Palonya, a female human dressed in gray robes, is

nearly unconscious (she has  1 hit point remaining).

With a DC 15 Religion check, a character knows

she is dressed as a priest o[Jergal, a deity dedicated

to proper burials and the guarding of tombs.

ENCOUNTER  AREAS  J  31.  Pain  and  Fear ..,

+  Wroot, a goblin cutthroat (Monster Vault, page

154), is wide-eyed as he shrieks out his pain and

terror.

+ A spitting drake (Monster Vault, page 83) is chained

to the wall and muzzled. It thrashes wildly.

Features: The prisoners' manacles have no locks

to pick and seem to be magically attached to their

prisoners. They require a DC 22 Arcana check to

open. With a DC 19 Strength check, a character can

yank a set of manacles from the wall. However, they

remain fastened to the prisoner.

A DC 20 Arcana check reveals that the wall

glyphs are necromantic symbols used to siphon

energy from creatures experiencing anger, pain,

fear, or other negative emotions. If the glyphs are

defaced, they cease to function, but defacing all of

them takes a couple hours.

Roleplay

The human priestess is named Palonya, but the

magic in this chamber has affected her mind. She

cannot remember who she is, where she is, or what

she is doing in the dungeon. Only an extended rest or

a Remove Affliction ritual can restore her memories.

She is a member of an order dedicated to Jergal that

is studying the tombs in Undermountain.

Wroot was part of a patrol sent by Zarr to spy on

this area. Undead creatures attacked his patrol, and

both he and his buddy Shmek stayed to fight while

most of the others fled. He does not know what hap

pened to the ones who fled, but Shmek lies dead in

this room.

The spitting drake was sucked into Undermoun

tain through one ofHalaster's still-functioning

portals. It wandered the dungeons for a while before

getting captured and used to fuel Dayan's rituals. It

has never been trained.

Plot

The priest ofJergal in Area 32 can explain Palonya's

presence here. She was on her way to relieve him of

duty when she was captured.

Wroot is gracious to his rescuers but claims he

needs to get back to his army. If the characters have

already defeated Zarr's forces (page 20), Wroot shows

a mixture of sadness and relie He might volunteer

to join the characters, offering to fight with them or

carry their equipment until they come to an exit. If

they treat him kindly, he could turn into a henchman.

The spitting drake does not follow orders or take

commands. However, if the characters release and

feed it, it might follow them through the dungeon.

The drake could be a useful, if unpredictable, ally to

the characters as they move through Dayan's domain.

Development

Undead creatures attempting to break into Area 32

are making the banging noise to the north.

32.  Shrine of Jergal

Combat Encounter Level 2 (625 XP)

About a month ago, priests ofJergal (the exarch of

proper burial) came to Waterdeep after receiving

some disturbing omens. These omens led the faith

ful to believe a series of tombs, blessed and sacred

in}ergal's eyes, had been forgotten and needed to be

tended. The priests searched public records, finally

locating the tombs in Undermountain. They immedi

ately began cataloguing the tombs and rededicating

them in}ergal's name.

The priests established a temporary shrine to

Jergal here. Then they took turns tending the shrine

and dsanctifying the place. Not long after this, the

vampire Dayan arrived.

The head priest, Barthelby, expected to be relieved

more than a week ago, but instead of his brothers and

sisters arriving, undead swarmed the area. He retreated

to the shrine and locked the door, performing rituals to

keep the undead at bay. However, he is running out of

food and water, and he expects to die here.

This area contains two chambers: the southern

chamber, where the undead are holding their siege

again Barthelby, and the northern chamber, which

holds the shrine and the priest.

When the characters enter the southern room,

read:

A hulkina zombie, two smaUer zombies, and a flamina

skeleton attack a closed door set in the north wall, tryina to

break it down. With each blow, the undead creatures shriek

in raae, pain, or both. Focused on their task, they seem

oblivious to your presence.

The rest of the room looks like what would happen if

a tornado and fire ripped throuah a library. Larae tomes

have been torn to shreds and burned. Smashed ink pots

have left dark stains and pottery fraaments scattered

around the area. Burned chunks of small casks that once

held water or ale litter the chamber as well.

Creatures: Dayan has ordered four decrepit skel

etons (Monster Vault, page 255), a hulking zombie

(Monster Vault,  page 294), and two flesh-crazed zom

bies (Monster Vault , page 295) to slay the pesky priest.

All three creatures are bloodied (with hit points

equal to their bloodied values). They pound away at

the door in unrelenting fury, but the shrine's radiant

energy hurts them with each blow.

Features: The southern room is littered with the

priests' destroyed record books and supplies. Nothing

can be salvaged. The north room contains a modest

ENCOU N T E R  AREAS  I 32.  Shrine  of ]er8al

z

~

0

I.J..

0

shrine to Jergal, a half dozen portable cots, a crate of

dungeoneering supplies (rope, candles, and whatnot),

a lantern low on oil, and a nearly empty cask of water.

Development

If the characters have trouble defeating the undead,

Barthelby can open the door and assist them with

a carefully timed healing power, at your discretion.

Otherwise, after the battle is over, Barthelby calls out

to the characters to see if they are here to rescue him.

Roleplay

As is befitting a priest ofJergal, Barthelby is a rather

morose fellow. His attitude can be summed up with

the statement, "I knew I was going to die horribly and

before my time, but I just didn't think it would be this

soon or this horribly."

However, despite his pessimism, the priest is truly

dedicated to his job. He refuses to leave until the

characters have cleared the place of undead horrors

and he has finished doing "Jergal's work."

, If the characters give him food and water, Bar

thelby offers them the shrine's safety in return. What

other help he provides is at your discretion; the priest

might offer to accompany the heroes, or he might

insist that he continue his duties.

Barthel by reports that the tombs southwest of the

shrine (Area 34) are ancient. Knowledge of their

existence was lost for several decades, if not several

centuries, and only recently did Jergal make their

presence known to his faithful. Seeing what is now

transpiring here, Barthelby believes Jergal was giving

his flock a warning about the terrible deeds that were

about to transpire.

Barthelby has been studying the area long enough

and praying to his deity hard enough-to have learned

that something terrible and powerful is happening

in the areas west of the tombs. When accessing the

tombs, the priest would go south into Area 35 , west

along the corridor attached to Area 35, and then north

along the passageway connecting to Area 34. A com

rade told him to avoid Area 33 altogether, because the

place was cursed, but the other priest gave no details

about what he meant by "cursed."

33. Weightless

Combat Encounter Levell (500 XP)

This room contains an odd trap left over from the

days ofHalaster. When a character opens either door,

anyone in the hallway within 30 feet of the door is

whisked into the chamber, at which point the door

ENCOUNTER  AREAS  I 33.  Wei9htless

closes. The magic that pulls creatures into the room is

irresistible and cannot be dispelled.

When either door to this area is opened, read:

An unseen. force  pulls you through the open doorway

toward the middle of a !a rae room, where you float weiaht

lessly as the door closes behind you. Arcane symbols cover

the floor and cetlina, which are 30 feet apart. The two exit

doors are situated in the middle of the western and eastern

walls, W feet above floor level. Instead of a handle or door

knob, a alyph is carved into the middle of each door.

Around the room float odd chunks of stone and debris,

as well as a rottins corpse, two animate suits of armor

armed with crossbows, and a stirae. As the automatons

point their crossbows at you, the stirae flaps its winas, fran

tically try ina to move but setttns nowhere.

The characters are pulled into random spaces near

the middle of the room.

Creatures: Two helmed horror guards (page 91)

and one stirge (Monster Vault,  page 259) are trapped

in this room, unable to escape. Once the characters

arrive on the scene, the creatures become hostile and

roll initiative. Also roll initiative for the room's hazard

(see below). The rotting corpse is all that remains of

a zombie that was pulled into the room and shot to

death by the helmed horrors.

Features: Creatures and unattended objects in

this room float weightlessly, but the room's lack of

gravity has no effect on attacks. To move about, a

creature must use the power ofits mind.

A creature's speed each round is determined by an

Intelligence or Wisdom check made at the start of the

creature's turn:

lnt or Wis Check

9  or lower

10-12

17 or higher

Speed

0 squares

1 square

2 squares

3 squares

Creatures in the room cannot shift and cannot

increase their speed by flying or by climbing along

the walls, ceiling, or floor.

A creature can leave the room when it has enough

movement to touch the glyph inscribed on either

door, at which point the creature is teleported into

the nearest adjoining hall. A DC 14 Arcana check

reveals that these are teleportation glyphs and that

the doors themselves cannot be opened from inside

the room.

The glyphs on the floor and ceiling cause the

weightless effect, but they are impervious to damage

and cannot be deactivated. However, their magic

has begun to malfunction, creating an unintended

hazard whenever there are five  or more creatures in

the room.

ENCOUNT E R  AR E AS  I 34 .  Tombs

Malfunctioning Gravity Glyphs

Area

Detect Arcana DC  21

Immune attacks

STANDARD ACTIONS

Effect+ At-Will

Level 3 Hazard

XP 150

Initiative +5

Requirement: Five  or more creatures must be in  the room.

Effect:  Each  creature in the room makes a saving throw.

On a failure, the creature is thrown against the floor or ceiling,

taking 2d6 damage.

CouNXERMEASURES

+Avoid: Arcana or Insight DC  13 (standard action). Success:

The character or one of its allies gains a +2  bonus to its next

saving throw made against this hazard.

Treasure: The slain zombie wears a belt pouch

containing 5 small pearls worth 100 gp each.

34. Tombs

Combat Encounter Levell (600 XP)

The several rooms comprising this area are tombs

that house the remains ofWaterdhavians who lived

in ages past. Although each room has slightly differ

ent features, they all share a common description.

When the adventurers ent er a room, read:

This room is musty and reeks of decay. Burial niches line

its walls. Most are empty, but a handful contain untouched,

ancient-lookinB skeletons. A few wall sections have deep

holes in them that act as burial shelves. It looks as thouah

lead doors once covered these holes, but most have been

ripped from their hin9es, the shelves' contents plundered. A

few if these doors remain unscathed.

In addition to the restin9 places in the walls, a few stone

sarcophaai rest on the floor. Some are intact, while others

have been desecrated.

In a 1 Ofoot-square area in floor's center, a skull-and

daBaer symbol glows with a purple radiance.

Creatures: Three ghouls (Monster Vault , page 126)

are searching Areas 34B, 34D, and 34F for intact

skeletons that Dayan can animate. As soon as the

characters encounter one ghoul, the other two are

warned and rush to aid the first, arriving in subse

quent rounds.

Features: The 10-foot-square magic symbol

etched into the floor of each room floods the cham

ber with necrotic energy. Any undead creature

standing on the symbol at the start of its turn gains

5 temporary hit points and resist 10 radiant until

the start ofits next turn. A character standing on the

symbol and praying to a deity that abhors undeath

can, with a DC 15 Religion check, suppress the

symbol's power for  1 hour. With a DC 22 Religion

check, a character can suppress the symbols' power

for an entire day. The symbols can be defaced and

destroyed, but not in the midst of combat; it takes

about an hour per symbol.

Additionally, one square in each room (deter

mined randomly) is protected by a holy rune bearing

Jergal's symbol: a jawless skull and writing quill on a

scroll. When an undead creature stands next to or on

this symbol, it take a -2 penalty to all defenses.

Treasure: If the characters return Amori to her

proper tomb (in area 34D), the ghost of her husband

Julain appears and rewards them, revealing a hidden

compartment in one of the sarcophagi (which other

wise requires a DC 25  Perception check to discover).

In the compartment is a folded velvet crown.

Velvet  Crown

The wizard Thingarlus, master of the Thieves' Guild

of Airspur some five  centuries ago, allegedly devised

these rare, highly prized items. They appear as cloth

circlets or garters of dark velvet. When a velvet crown

is simply carried on one's person, it does not function

magically and barely exhibits any dweomer. When

worn about the head of an intelligent being, however,

it gives its wearer great powers of stealth. Elminster

the Sage is known to have possessed one.

Velvet Crown

This velvet band miaht be worn about the lea  as a aarter, but

its powers of stealth and alacrity only come into play when the

crown is worn about the head.

Head Slot

Properties

3,400 gp

Level 8  Rare

+You gain a +2  item bonus to Stealth checks, escape

attempts, and saving throws against effects that render you

immobilized, restrained, or slowed.

+When you fall  30 feet or less, you take no damage and land

on your feet.

Utility Power (Zone) +  Daily (Standard Action)

Effect: Close burst 3. The burst creates a zone that lasts until

the end of your next turn and  moves with you.  No sound can

be made in  the zone, and no noise from outside the zone

can be heard in  it or through it.

Sustain Minor: You sustain the effect until the end of your

next turn.

~

Roleplay

~

As the last ghoul falls, the apparition of a male

human emerges from a nearby wall. The ghost wears  0

robes that bear the symbol of a magistrate ofWater-

u..

deep, although the robes are obviously in a style long  ~

co

outdated. In a whispery voice, it speaks, "Some crea-

:2:

tures removed my wife's body from her tomb, and I

feel her soul being tortured. Please return her body to  0

me, then purge this place."

1-

The characters can interact with the ghost of

Julain De'Spri, formerly a wealthy magistrate of the

city. He and his wife, Amori, were buried here long

ago. Recently, however, some terrible power ripped

their spirits from the peaceful place where they were

residing and brought them back to this room. Now

Julain's spirit is waiting here, restless, as Amori's body

and spirit are being tampered with elsewhere.

Plot

If the characters have already found Amori in Area

26 and she is with them, adjust the previous read

aloud text as needed. She immediately regains her

memories upon seeing her husband's ghost, but she

retains her kobold and rage drake mannerisms.

If brought here alive, she begs the adventurers to

use the apparatus in Area 26 to raise her husband

from death. If they refuse, she asks the characters to

kill her so she can be with her husband again. Julain

recoils at the thought of her dying again and begs

Amori to use her second chance at life to return to

Waterdeep and check on their descendants.

The characters can weigh in on either side, using

Diplomacy checks or roleplaying to sway the conver

sation. With a DC 15 Streetwise or History check,

an adventurer recalls that the De'Spri family is still

thriving in Waterdeep, which might help convince

Amori to remain alive. This could open up later con

nections between the characters and the citizens of

Waterdeep.

35. Smithy

Combat Encounter Levell (125 XP)

This area has been turned into a makeshift smithy,

where Dayan forced  Graven, the dwarf prisoner from

Area 23, to help him create receptacles that act as the

vampire's home when he rests.

Instead of using a coffin, Dayan has created a way

for his essence to inhabit a metallic construct when

his physical form is killed. The working model is wait

ing in Area 39, while this area houses castoff pieces

of metal as well as a replacement receptacle that is in

the final stages of completion.

ENCOUNTER  AREAS  I  35.  Smithy

When the adventurers enter this room, read:

This chamber holds a makeshift smi.thy for metalworkina,

includina a fora e. bellows, anvils, and all the other tools a

smith miaht need. It is also strewn with pieces of armor and

twisted bits of sold scrap.

An entire suit of plate armor stands in a rack in the

room's northeastern corne1~ across from a chipped and

dusty statue of a solemn, hoodedfiaure.

Creatures: An elf wizard named Aizel is trapped

inside the suit of armor, which is in fact a helmed

horror guard (page 91). For the armor to be a suit

able host for Dayan's essence, a living creature must

die within it. Aizel has been left here to die naturally,

uncomfortably pressed against the receptacle in the

suit's breastplate.

The helmed horror guard here looks identical to

the one in Area 39. It has a gold cylinder about the

size of a scroll tube mounted behind its breastplate.

The cylinder contains some of Dayan's grave dirt.

If the characters make any noise in the chamber,

Aizel hears them and calls out. She has been trapped

in here for almost two days, growing increasingly

weak. She can only survive for  another couple days.

She cannot move the helmed horror guard's form in

any way nor resist its movement when it awakens.

Any attempt to physically release Aizel from the

armor awakens the helmed horror guard, which has

orders to defend itself from any creature, other than

Dayan, that attempts to open it. Damage dealt to the

helmed horror guard is split evenly between it and

Aizel. Characters can avoid killing the elf wizard by

knocking her unconscious instead ofkilling her when

she drops to 0 hit points, and they can use healing

magic on her while she's trapped inside the helmed

horror. Use the elf scout (Monster Vault,  page 112) for

Aizel's statistics; her captivity and weakened state

prevent her from casting spells. If Aizel dies while

trapped in the armor, her spirit is consumed and for

ever lost.

Features: The hooded statue is harmless. With a

DC 15 Religion check, an adventurer recognizes it is

an ancient depiction ofJergal.

Treasure: The cast-off pieces of gold in the room

are worth 150 gp total.

Roleplay

The characters can confer with Aizel through the

armor. Her only means of escape, other than by

destroying the helmed horror, is through a ritual

and only Dayan knows the ritual, although it is

probably written down somewhere. Aizel fears her

spirit will be devoured if she dies in the armor and

begs the adventurers to free her.

If asked, Aizel warns the adventurers that Dayan

is a vampire and that he captured her after she left

Rutherford's expedition. She promises to tell the

characters everything they want to know about Ruth

erford once she's freed from the helmed horror.

Plot

If rescued, Aizel tells the characters Rutherford

believed his father was in an area hidden behind

a secret door. A spiral symbol drawn in chalk was

near that door. Rutherford spoke a secret phrase to

gain entrance to the room, but Aizel, lost in her own

thoughts at the time, didn't catch it. That room (Area

63) is somewhere south of the dungeon that Dayan

controls. Aizel cannot take the characters to its exact

location, but she'd recognize it if she saw it.

36. Noble's Sitting Roo111

Combat Encounter Levell (400 XP)

Long before Dayan took over, this section of Under

mountain was used as the burial chambers of a

noble who believed a person's burial circumstances

altered how he or she lived in the afterlife. He had a

variety of chambers built, including this sitting area,

in the hopes he would spend eternity in wealth and

comfort.

When the characters enter this area, read:

Unlit lanterns hanafrom the chamber's lOfoot-hiah ceil

ina. The smashed or decayins shells of many fine pieces of

f urniture-sofas,  divans, couches, chairs, desks, and tables

line the room's perimeter. Scattered amana the broken

wood, fab ric, sttiffina. and furniture nails are countless

humanoid and animal bones.

The debris has been pushed aside to form a clear path

throuah the room's center, headina southeast toward a door

on the chamber's far side. In the middle of that path, what

must have been a hidden pit trap a apes open. In its bowels,

a human skeleton rests beside a longbow alitterina with

silver inlay and a quiver of arrows.

Creatures: A gelatinous cube (Monster Vault,  page

222) fills the bottom half of the 20-foot-deep pit. A

DC 25 Perception check is required to spot the cube.

Without noticing the gelatinous cube, a character

might jump or lower himself or herself right into

the creature. If the characters do notice and attack

the cube while it is in the pit, it can climb out with

a double move. If the characters avoid the pit com

pletely, the gelatinous cube climbs out of it as one or

more characters make their way beyond the pit.

Features: Once the gelatinous cube has emerged

from the 20-foot-deep pit, anyone falling to the

bottom of the pit takes 2d10 damage.

Treasure: The human skeleton at the bottom of

the pit is all that remains of an intrepid adventurer.

Lying next to it are a +1  longbow and a quiver contain

ing 10 normal arrows and three +1  quarrels ofbitina.

ENCOUNTER  AREAS  [  36.  Noble's  Sitting  Room

37. Noble's Bedroom

Combat Encounter Levell (575 XP)

w..

0

Vl

ro

2

0

I-

This room was the burial bedchamber of the long

dead noble described in Area 36.

When the characters enter this room, read:

This area was once a fine bedchamber. The remains ,of a

massive bed frame rest agains the north wall. A dusty and

moldering blanket, mostly intact, covers whatever is left

of the sagging and lumpy mattress. A huge vanity, one of

its mirrors and many of its drawers intact, dominates the

chamber's northeastern corner. Two wardrobes, one warped

and seemingly irifested with termites, line the eastern wall.

Fine clothes, including formal wear and ni&htgowns, lie tat

tered and rotting on the floor.

Creatures: Two wraiths (Monster Vault , page 284)

hide in a wardrobe, and the "mattress" on the floor is

actually a hulking zombie (Monster Vault, page 294)

hidden under the blanket. Characters within 10 feet

of the zombie can detect it with a DC 15 Perception

check. If combat takes place in Area 36 between the

characters and the gelatinous cube, these creatures

move to investigate.

Features: None of the furniture or clothing is

salvageable, except for a fine formal suit and an

equally stunning ball gown stashed in a wardrobe.

These clothes bear a minor enchantment that keeps

them clean and unspoiled. The clothes also expand

or shrink to fit the wearer. They convey no game

mechanical benefits unless you wish them to.

Plot

The chambers to the south of this room (not detailed

in this adventure) could contain more burial cham

bers for this noble. Who he was and how his legacy

might affect the characters are left to your imagi

nation. Perhaps his descendants would appreciate

an heirloom that remains in one such chamber,

or maybe a particular object points to a larger and

darker conspiracy in which the noble was involved.

38. Observatory

Exploration Encounter

The noble once interred in this section of Under

mountain took a great interest in the movement of

celestial bodies. This room was to serve as his obser

vatory in the afterlife.

When the characters enter this area, read:

This room's ceiling has a broad circle in its center that rises

into a great dome 40 feet hiah. Glowing crystals set in the

dome look like stars in a niaht sky, shedding dim liaht over

the room.

ENCOUNTER  AREAS  I 38.  Observatory

Quarrel of Biting

Crafted to look like a crossbow bolt, this magic pro

jectile converts to the length and shape of an arrow

when put against a bowstring. The bolt's head is

shaped like a snake's. A protruding split tongue dou

bles as the bolt's foremost point, ready to taste blood.

Level  5 +  Uncommon

Quarrel of Biting

Once common throuahout eastern and southern Faerun,  this

missile takes fliaht as a winaed, venomous snake.

50 gp

Lvl  5

+ 1

200 gp

Lvl10  +2

1,000 gp

+3

Lvl15

Ammunition

Enhancement Bonus: Attack rolls and damage rolls

Property (Poison)

When you  hit an enemy with a bow or crossbow attack using

this ammunition, that enemy also takes ongoing 5 poison

damage (save ends).

Lvl  20  +4

Lvl25  +5

Lvl  30  +6

5,000 gp

25,000 gp

125,000 gp

Aftereffect: 5 poison damage.

Leve/15 or 20: Ongoing 10 poison damage. Affereffect: 10

poison damage.

Leve/25 or 30: Ongoing 15  poison damage. Aftereffect: 15

poison damage.

Development

The creatures in Area 3 7 hear the sounds combat in

this room and investigate. The hulking zombie is an

equally viable target for the gelatinous cube, which

does not care where its meals come from.

Features: The crystal "stars" show the night sky

from horizon to horizon, as if the stargazer were

standing atop Mount Waterdeep, and depending on

the time of year, the stars magically adjust their posi

tions to match those in the actual night sky. Some of

the crystals nearest to the floor are missing. When

pried out of the ceiling, a crystal flashes brightly,

blinding all creatures in the room (save ends).

Thereafter, the crystal dims, shedding dim light in

a 1-square radius for  1 hour before going out com

pletely. The crystals are otherwise worthless.

39. Garden of Death

Combat Encounter Levell (125 XP)

This area contains Dayan's only working life-force

receptacle-a helmed horror guard. Despite ruling

much of this section of Undermountain, Dayan has

taken the precaution of hiding his creation.

When the adventurers enter this room, read:

It looks as though someone wanted this chamber to repre

sent a 9arden. The wails bear faded and jlakin9 murals of a

picturesque landscape. One wall shows an ima9e of Mount

Waterdeep, as if viewed from the north. The wall to its

ri9ht seems to look down from a hei9ht to the sea. A statue

of a mermaid on a rock is positioned before the seascape. A

nearby stone bench is situated so someone could relax and

9aze toward the statue and the ocean mural behind it.

Planters of various shapes and sizes dot the room.

Mushrooms and dimly glowing fungi have replaced what

ever plants ori9inally grew in them.

Creatures: The helmed horror guard (page 91)

that is Dayan's spirit receptacle is buried in one of the

large planters, where it remains hidden until circum

stances dictate that it rise and attack. Digging in the

planter causes the construct to rise and attack.

If the characters enter this room before defeat-

ing Dayan in Area 40, the helmed horror remains

hidden. If the characters have defeated Dayan, this

construct likely now contains the vampire's life force.

While containing Dayan's life force , the helmed

horror guard gains the vampire's intellect and per

sonality but continues to use its regular stat block

with the addition of the following traits and powers:

' 0  Unho.ly Streng~J:t (necrotic) +  Aura 2

_Any undead _ally in the aura deals 5 extra  necrotic damage.

Recept<Jci~- B~storation (healing)

After 1  hour spent in the helmed  horror, Dayan's life force

returns to its physical body, and the vampire regains all  his

hit points.

STAJ\IOARO ACTIONS

~Word of Beguilement (charm, psychic) Recharge IBJ [DJ

Attack: Close  blast 3 (enemies in the blast); +6 vs. Will

Hit: 2d8 +5  psychic damage, and  until the end of its next turn,

the target is slowed and takes a -2  penalty to attack rolls it

makesagainst Dayan.

~ Nec;n;antl~ -S"'rge (necrotic:}+ Recharge when first ~loodieg

Att~c-k;-(1~~~ blast 5 (enemies in the blast); +6 vs.  Fortitude

Hit:  2d6 + 4  necrotic damage, and target is dazed (save ends).

Miss:  Half damage.

Effect:  Undead allies in the blast gain 10 temporary hit points.

If the construct is destroyed, Dayan emerges from it

in mist form to seek out first his spare helmed horror

guard receptacle in Area 35 (in hopes it is ready for

him) and, if that fails, his grave dirt in Area 40. If

the characters continue to harry his mist form, the

vampire tries to lead them into other Undermountain

dangers. If the heroes have destroyed Dayan's recep

tacles and sanctified his grave dirt, he is forced to

adopt his physical form and fight them to the last.

Features: A DC 15 Dungeoneering check reveals

that the potted mushrooms are edible, but the glow

ing fungi are not. Also, the mushrooms growing in

the planter where the helmed horror guard is hidden

are the smallest and newest (a hint that the dirt was

recently disturbed).

Tiny cracks and fissures in the wall between this

area and Area 40 allow Dayan to move directly

between the two areas in mist form. Characters

searching the walls detect the cracks and fissures

with a DC 14 Perception check, and a DC 21 Dun

geoneering check reveals that they are very deep.

40. Vampire 's Laboratory

Combat Encounter Level 5 (1,125 XP)

Dayan performs experiments and rituals here. When

the characters arrive, the vampire is casting a fairly

benign Speak with Dead ritual on a dwarven skull

found in one of the many tombs ofUndermountain.

If Dayan is alerted to the presence ofintruders, he

cannot be surprised.

The doors leading to this area are unlocked.

If the characters approach this area from the

north, read:

The hallway stretches a sood distance before bendin9 to

the south, ending at a pair of stone doors that are partially

obscured by a thick cloud of purple mist.

ENCOUNTER  AREAS  I 40.  Vampire's  Laboratory

The purple mist harms living creatures but has no

effect on undead and nonliving constructs (see "Fea

tures of the Area" below for more information). If the

characters listen at the doors, they hear a lone male

voice (Dayan's) chanting a ritual with a successful DC

15 Perception check. A DC 15 Religion check identi

fies the ritual as Speak with Dead.

If the characters are able to peer into the west

ernmost room (with the black pools), read:

A pale-skinned man dressed in noble finery from a byaone

era stands before a table strewn with alchemical equip

ment, bits of parchment, and detritus retrieved from all

corners ofUndermountain. He is performina a ritual and

has a dwarven skull clutched in one hand.

Two circular pools of black water fill the northwest and

southwest corners of the room. Between them is an alcove

containina a pile of dirt resemblina a arave. A familiar

skull-and-daaaer symbol is painted on the floor in front of

a wide archway filled with roilina purple mist.

If the characters enter this area via the eastern

doors, read:

This chamber is thick with the smell of chemicals and

rottinaflesh. A fiaure slumps aaainst the lip of a lOfoot

d.iameter pool to the south. Dim blue liaht emanates from

this pool and its twin to the north, near which stand a

table and shelves. These are strewn with books, vials, and

alchemical equipment.

Swirlina  purple mist fills an archway set into the west-

~

ern wall. For a brief moment, it thins, and you alimpse

another room beyond. From this same direction you hear a  ~

sinau!ar voice chantina.

0

i-

The corpse huddled against the pool in the eastern

most room was Undren, a priest o[Jergal who died

when Dayan drank him dry (see Brother Sepulcher,

page 11). The corpse carries nothing of value.

Creatures: Dayan, the vampire necromancer, is

performing a Speak with Dead ritual on a dwarven

skull in the western part of the room. Dayan thinks

the skull once belonged to a Melairkyn dwarf whose

spirit might know the location of hidden tombs that

can be pillaged for remains and ritual components.

IfDayan was alerted to the presence of intruders

by one of the rot grub swarms in Area 2 7, the swarm

(page 96) occupies a space adjacent to Dayan. The

vampire's laboratory is also guarded by ten crawling

claws (page 93) and two burning skeletons (Monster

Vault,  page 255). The crawling claws hide amid the

furnishings in the eastern chamber (the room with

the blue pools), while the burning skeletons lurk in

the middle chamber with the red pools.

When the characters show up, Dayan stops per

forming his ritual and confronts the intruders, giving

them the benefits of his unholy strenath aura and nec

romantic surae power. Soon after Dayan is bloodied,

he assumes mist form,  passes through cracks in the

south wall, and inhabits the helmed horror guard in

Area 39 (page 54). Assuming the adventurers have

not found and destroyed the construct, Dayan returns

to battle the characters in his new form.

The rot grub swarm, burning skeletons, and crawl

ing claws fight to the death. Unlike the undead, the

rot grub swarm takes damage from entering the

clouds of purple mist but does so to remain close to

the vampire.

Dayan, Vampire

Necromancer

Level 3  Elite Controller (Leader)

XP 300

Medium natural humanoid (undead)

Initiative +4

HP 84; Bloodied 42

AC  17, Fortitude 14, Reflex 15, Will 16

Perception +8

Speed 7, climb 4 (spider climb)

Darkvision

Immune disease, poison; Resist 10 necrotic; Vulnerable 5 radiant

Saving Throws +2; Action  Points 1

TRAITS

0  Unholy Strength (necrotic)+ Aura 2

Any  undead ally in the aura deals 5 extra necrotic damage.

.

Burned by_ Sunlight (;;~iant}

~=-

'

Whenever Dayan starts his turn in  direct sunlight, he takes 5

radiant damage.

L Grave l-l~i!llng

. . ....

If Dayan takes an extended rest in  or on his grave dirt, he

regains all  his  hit points. Dayan cannot rest while in  mist form.

Q) Deft L_()ngsword (W~J>.on) +  ~t-Will

Attack: Melee 1 (one creature); +8 vs.  AC

Hit: 2d8 + 2 damage.

Effect: After the attack, Dayan slides the target up to 2 squares.

L Embold!!I"!JJndead ;!-~~!-Will

Effect: Dayan can use deft lonasword twice, or he can use deft

lonasword once and allow one undead ally within 5 squares of

him to make a basic attack as a free action.

<-- Word,;ef Beguil~ent (cba_tm,psyfhic) +l!!!1:targeJEJ[j]

Attack: Close blast 3 (enemies in the blast); +6 vs.  Will

Hit: 2d8 +5 psychic damage, and until the end of its next turn,

the target is slowed and takes a -2  penalty to attack rolls it

makes against Dayan.

[ ~ Necromantic Surge  necrotic)+ Recharge wh~n first bloodied

Attack: Close blast 5 (enemies in  the blast); +6 vs. Fortitude

Hit: 2d6 + 4 necrotic damage, and target is  dazed (save ends).

Miss:  Half damage.

Effect: Undead allies in the blast gain 10 temporary hit points.

+ Bite + .. ~t-Will (1/rgHlli!)

Attack: Melee 1 (one dazed, dominated, stunned, or uncon

scious creature); +8 vs. AC

Hit: 1 d1 0 + 3 damage, and  Dayan  regains 5 hit points.

~;iidAM#*+i'l!.lM

Features of the Area

A miniatures-scale map of this area appears on one of

the battle maps included with this book. Feel free to

use it to help run this encounter.

Dayan's Grave: This raised mound of dirt is

Dayan's grave. Sanctifying the area (by pouring holy

water over it, by intoning prayers over it for  5 minutes

and succeeding on a DC 20 Religion check, or by

using some other means the characters devise) pre

vents Dayan from using the dirt to gain the benefits

of his arave healina trait.

Pools: The room contains six 1-foot-deep pools

of water. An undead creature entering a pool can

emerge from one of the other pools in the area, con

tinuing its movement normally. Living creatures can

do this, too, but with consequences and limitations.

First, living creatures lose 1 healing surge when tele

porting from one pool to another. (If the creature has

no healing surges remaining, it takes damage equal to

its surge value.) Additionally, a living creature cannot

teleport from a blue pool to a black one or from a

black pool to a blue one.

Purple Mist: These clouds of purple mist grant

partial concealment. A living creature that ends its

turn in the mist takes 10 cold and necrotic damage.

With a DC 15 Arcana or Religion check as a standard 

action, a character can dispel a cloud of mist until the

end of his or her next turn.

Skull-and-Dagger Rune: This rune empowers

a 4-by-4-square area in the westernmost part of the

room. An undead creature standing in the area deals

an extra ld6 damage per attack.

Treasure: Dayan's alchemical equipment and

supplies are worth 150 gp, and his scattered notes on

necromancy could fetch up to 500 gp from an inter

ested buyer. Characters searching the area also find

two potions ofhealina.

Dayan also has a ritual book with whatever ritu

als you wish in it, plus the one that can safely release

Aizel from imprisonment in the helmed horror guard

(Area 35, page 51). This ritual might also give the

adventurers the power to give the helmed horror

guard a single short order, such as "protect me from

attackers," granting them a construct companion in

their adventures.

ENCOUNTER  AREAS  I 40.  Vampire's  Laboratory

Scaly Doo111

This adventure finds the heroes investigating the

disappearance of indigents and criminals in the

southwestern section of the first level ofUndermoun

tain. As the characters begin their investigation, they

also hear rumors that a band of unscrupulous trea

sure seekers could be working in the area. While the

evidence appears to point at first to a gang of thieves

being behind the disappearances, the truth turns out

to be something a bit more unsettling.

BACKGROUND

To keep his massive, multilayered dungeon fully

stocked with terrible monsters, Halaster created por

tals to locations around the world and to other planes.

Following Halaster's death, many of these portals

began malfunctioning or shutting down. Some, how

ever, still work-perhaps even more effectively than

when they were originally created.

One portal was built to bring in creatures from the

Vast Swamp near Cormyr. Recently, a powerfulliz

ardfolk tribe dedicated to Sess'innek, a demon lord,

found the portal.  Its shaman and mystics used their

demon-granted powers to enhance the portal's magic,

creating a permanent bridge between their home and

the portal's location in Undermountain.

Having established the bridge, the lizardfolk

explored a bit ofUndermountain and found that the

dungeon's latent magic presented a perfect environ

ment for a long-dreamed goal of theirs-to summon a

demonic servant ofSess'innek to guard their homes

and use against their enemies. The lizardfolk's plan

continues apace as they secure their lair in Under

mountain, using their demonic magic to bring their

swampy home into the dungeon's halls.

Into this dangerous setting enters Enda Yate.

When the halfling agreed to join Rutherford Urm

brusk's expedition to find his father, she did so with

ulterior motives. Her priority was to find a statue in

Undermountain that, according to rumor, contains

gems worth a king's ransom.

After Rutherford's expedition fell apart, Enda

moved off on her own, further mapping her Under

mountain travels as she continued searching for the

statue. Enda succeeded in finding the statue's general

area, so she returned to the surface, recruited ruf

fians and rogues to join her treasure-hunting band,

and led them into Undermountain. They swiftly set

up a base of operations and went to work.

'  As the characters enter Undermountain to explore

the disappearances, Enda's group is running into the

lizardfolk for the first time. The thieves are getting

the worst of the meetings.

~

0

0

0

~

<(

u

V1

STARTING  THE

ADVENTURE

Schonert, a human priest ofllmater, has been work

ing to relieve the suffering of those forced into

Downshadow (page 86). Travelers to the caverns have

reported to the priest that large chunks of the Down

shadow populace have disappeared. While it is not

unusual for some such unfortunates to go missing

(given their home's inherent dangers), the number of

lost residents concerns Schonert.

SCALY  DOOM  [  StartinB  the  Adventure

If the heroes pick up information while in

Undermountain that can help Knag solve any of

the mysteries, they earn an ally among the City

Watch (and Knag likely gets a promotion). Such an

allegiance could later help the adventurers if they

manage to land themselves in trouble with the law.

If the characters agree to help Schonert, he pro

vides them with written directions to the Grim

Passage (page 8). The route leads to the narrowest of

crawlways, with the passage ending at the trapdoor in

the ceiling of Area 41 (page 59).

On their way through the Grim Passage, the

heroes might encounter carrion crawlers, vermin,

or other creatures that use the sewers as a feeding

ground, home, or hideout. A DC 15 Perception check

reveals the crawlway was used quite recently (by

Enda's crew).

Nosing Around

With a DC 15 Streetwise check, characters asking

questions before they set out can learn the following

information:

+ Downshadow is the name given to an area in the

southcentral section ofUndermountain's top level.

There, criminals, Spellplague victims, the poor,

monstrous humanoids, and others have cobbled

together a community of the unwanted.

+ Over the years, Downshadow's population and

physical size have grown and shrunk, depending

on what threats spring up in the area. Currently,

folk are living only in a large cavern at the dun

geon's southern end.

+  The sewer entrance into Undermountain is known

as the Grim Passage. It leads to the Grim Statue,

which is said to be magical. The statue was created

ages ago to guard its chamber. But when the Spell

plague warped magic, the statue changed. (You

can decide how much information to give about

those changes and whether to give true, false, or

contradictory information.)

+  Rumor spreading through the Yawning Portal tells

of another statue not too far from the Grim Statue.

This other statue supposedly has two rubies for

eyes- gems as big as a halfling's head.

The travelers have also told Schonert about a

fabulous treasure-"gems the size of your head!"

rumored to be housed very near an Undermountain

entrance. Everyone is talking about the impressive

treasure, they say, but no one seems to know which

entrance it's near. Keeping his ears open while walk

ing through the city, the priest soon learns of a gang

of thieves, thugs, and brigands rumored to be particu

larly interested in the treasure.

After hearing of the characters' adventuring repu

tation, Schonert hopes to hire them to find out what is

happening to the Downshadow folk.  He knows about

a secret entrance, little more than a crawlway, that

connects the lowest level of the sewers to the ceiling

of an Undermountain room. He also intends to warn

them about the thieves' band.

As the heroes go about their business, a human

man dressed in white robes and wearing nothing on

his bruised, heavily calloused feet approaches and

asks to speak with them.

When the adventurers agree, read:

"Thank you for listenina to my plea. I am Schonert, humble

acolyte ofllmater. I understand your interest and experi

ence includes forays into the dreaded dunaeon beneath the

city. I am interested in the place as well. Some Waterdeep

folk who hope to escape their sufferina- and sometimes the

law-live in a large Undermountain cave known as Down

shadow. I send down food and supplies to help them.

"Within the past Jew weeks, I have heard rumors of

Downshadow people disappearing. I was not surprised; the

people still must contend with Undermountain's danaers.

However, the number of recent disappearances is alarmina.

even for such a place-more than a dozen in the past week.

I fear someone or somethina  is prey ina on the unfortunates

there. I would like to hire you to investigate. I can offer each

of you only 25 pieces of gold and the assurance your aid

could greatly relieve much sufferina.

''A contact has provided me with the location of a

secret passaae into Undermountain- one that comes out

quite near where the disappearances are rumored to have

occurred.

Do you think you can be of service to those who are

suffering?"

If Corporal Knag (page 11) is in earshot (either in

the Yawning Portal or perhaps while patrolling

the street), he takes an interest in the adventurers'

conversation with Schonert, trying-quite unsuc

cessfully-to eavesdrop. If the heroes speak to him,

Corporal Knag harrumphs about another mystery to

solve and explains about the two that have been puz

zling him.

SCALY  DOOM  I  Startin9  the  Adventure

ENCOUNTER AREAS

The characters should be approaching this area

through the Grim Passage, arriving at a trapdoor in

the ceiling above the Grim Statue.

41.  Grim  Statue

Combat Encounter Level4 (875 XP)

Before the Spellplague, the huge statue here was

trapped with lightning magic to keep intruders away.

When the Spellplague shredded the Weave, this

statue began to malfunction, throwing powerful bolts

of crackling lightning indiscriminately around the

chamber. The powerful barrage of magic destroyed

everything that approached it, eventually even

eroding the room's stone walls. The Grim Statue's

explosions of magic expanded the chamber from

roughly 70 feet square to nearly 200 feet square.

Enda's band has already entered through the

secret entrance above the statue. Enda left a team

here to guard their base, protect the exit, and dis

suade any other gem seekers from continuing their

exploration ofUndermountain.

When the characters reach the secret entrance

above the Grim Statue, read:

The trapdoor leadinB into Undermountain is already

open. A cool breeze wafts up from it, smellinB va9uely of a

summer storm.

PeerinB throu9h, you realize you are in the ceilinB of a

massive chamber. It's impossible to tell how lar8e it is since

your li9ht does not reach any walls. About 20 feet below

you, you see a headless statue with outstretched arms. You

can dimly make out the floor,  too. It is perhaps 40 feet

below the top of the statue.

The areat statue is made of dark-red stone. It represents

a muscular male torso, and its arms point in opposite direc

tions. Many of its fin9ers are missinB.

Climbing down a rope to reach the top of the statue

requires a DC 10 Athletics check. When a creature

ends a turn touching the statue, the statue attacks. If

a character takes damage while climbing, that char

acter must make another Athletics check to keep

from falling (see "Taking Damage while Climbing" in

the Rules Compendium, page 137).

Enda's thugs discovered the trap and began swing

ing away from the statue before sliding down their

rope. This requires a DC 15 Athletics check; on a

failure, the character falls, takes 4d10 damage, and

lands in a random space within 2 squares of the

statue.

Creatures: Members ofEnda's gang are guard

ing the area. They include two human lowtown

kneebreakers (page 95) named Cobb and Draskar,

a halfling trickster (Monster Vault,  page 169) named

Gritchet, and a half-elf market green grifter (page 94)

named Tindel. While they are not endlessly eyeball

ing the trapdoor, they are vigilant enough to notice

the characters descending from the ceiling. Even if

the heroes are stealthy, the light they likely bring and

the lightning from the statue provide an effective

warning system.

ENCOUNTER  AREAS  I 41.  Grim  Statue

By the time at least half the characters have

reached the floor, the miscreants have drawn their

weapons and are ready to confront the heroes, whom

they see as competition for the gems. Enda's thugs

move from their watch post in Area 42, and all but

one attack to kill. Gritchet the halfling anxiously

yells to his peers to knock out rather than kill the

characters. When bloodied, Gritchet immediately

surrenders.

Features: Although the Grim Statue's violent mag

ical outbursts are much less frequent and powerful

than in the past, it is still an active threat to creatures

in this area, particularly those that use magic items.

The Grim Statue stands on a 7-foot-tall pillar-

like base. In the southeastern arc of its curved base,

a secret door is hidden (DC 25 Perception check to

locate). Behind it, a steep spiral staircase descends to

a small and dusty room that shows no signs of habi

tation except the crumbling remains of collapsed

wooden bookshelves. The stairs wend farther down,

eventually leading to Undermountain's second level.

Grim Statue

Object

Detect Arcana  DC  21

HP 350

AC  1 S, Fortitude 1 S,  Reflex S, Will -

Immune cold, fire,  necrotic, poison, psychic, radiant, forced  move

Level  3  Elite Trap

XP  300

Initiative -

ment, all  conditions, ongoing damage

TRIGGERED  AcTIONS

+Attack (lightning) +  At-Will

Triaaer:  A creature ends its turn touching the statue.

Attack (Free Action): Melee 1 (triggering creature); +6 vs.  Reflex

Hit: 3d6 lightning damage.

Miss:  Half damage.

~ Attack (lightning) +  At-Will

Triaaer:  A creature starts and ends its turn in  the same space

within 10 squares of the statue or uses a magic item power

(not a property) within that range.

Attack (Free Action): Ranged 10 (triggering creature); +6 vs.

Reflex

Hit: 3d6 lightning damage.

Miss:  Half damage.

CouNTERMEASUREs

+Avoid: Arcana DC  21  (standard action). Success: The statue

does not attack until the start of the chasracter's next turn.

Roleplay

The two human lowtown kneebreakers and the half

elf market green grifter do not want to deal with

prisoners or any other complications that might come

from sparing an adventurer's life. However, the hal

fling trickster, Gritchet, is squeamish about killing,

and during the combat, he pleads with his peers to

spare the heroes.

Along the same vein, if the characters take pris

oners to question, only Gritchet is willing to help, as

long as the adventurers agree to let him leave. The

other miscreants either lie or refuse to talk.

ENCOUNTER  AREAS  I 41.  Grim  Statue

Gritchet can share the following information with

the characters.

+ He came to Waterdeep from Amn a few weeks

ago, hoping to find work, but he was unable to

find anything permanent. A halfling named Enda

approached him. She said she had a lucrative

opportunity for  a skilled halfling who was willing

to work hard and not ask questions.

+ Enda brought him to a meeting with a couple

dozen other members ofher "gang." Most of those

gathered seemed morally questionable but not

terribly violent-grifters, thugs, cutpurses, cat bur

glars, and the like. The gang discussed an enticing

treasure in Undermountain, one that might be

easy to grab and run off with before any monsters

or traps made too much trouble.

+ Enda had already done some exploration and

surveillance in Undermountain before form-

ing her posse. Three days ago, the whole gang

entered Undermountain, using the secret sewer

passage above the Grim Statue. They lost one

member when the statue attacked him and he fell

to his death. (If the characters ask how the thugs

intended to leave without the statue shocking

them, Gritchet looks surprised. He hadn't thought

about it.)

+ The gang secured the area, set up a camp, and

then put the next step ofEnda's plan into motion.

Enda believed the statue that held the gems was

close, but more investigation was needed, so two

exploration groups headed west, exiting through

the door leading into Area 48. That was two days

ago, and no one has yet returned.

+ The remaining miscreants stayed behind, follow

ing Enda's orders to protect the camp; keep the

escape route clear; and watch out for monsters,

other dungeon delvers, and Downshadow crazies.

+ Shortly after the two teams set off, a small group of

Downshadow wretches wandered in, and Gritchet

was horrified when his fellow gang members

slaughtered all but one of them. The thugs lead-

ing the charge took a female half-elf prisoner and

dragged her away after disposing of the bodies in

Area 43 . Gritchet isn't sure where they went.

Plot

Neither Gritchet nor his fellow miscreants are

aware of the lizardfolk threat, and this adventure

is designed to mislead the characters into thinking

Enda's gang is responsible for the Downshadow resi

dents' disappearances. When the lizardfolk are later

revealed, the characters must decide how much to

trust these scoundrels to help them confront a bigger

threat.

If the characters head directly toward Areas

46-48 without first checking Areas 44-45, they

won't encounter the remains ofEnda's gang before

running afoul of the lizardfolk. the DM can handle

their decision in a couple ways. The first option is to

just let it happen and decide how the criminals in

Areas 44-45 react when they find out their fellow

gang members were overrun. Another option is to

send guards from Areas 44 and 45 to attack the char

acters before they reach the areas occupied by the

lizardfolk. This approach allows the characters to

still work up a good hatred for Enda's crew before the

greater threat is introduced.

~

0

0

0

~

<

u

ill

42.  Base Camp

Trap/Hazard Encounter Levell (150 XP)

This room is where Enda's gang set up its base before

the search parties set out.

When the characters enter, read:

This area is clearly your attackers' camp. Ut1furlecl bed

rolls, dirty travel packs, and open supply sacks are scattered

about the room. And a couple small bundles of wood rest

near the remains of an old camP.(lre.

Features: The camp packs contain only a few

coins and mundane equipment worth very little. One

rucksack does, however, hold a nice set oflock picks.

The item that stands out among the belongings is

a scroll tube stuffed in the half-elf grifter's pack. The

tube houses a rolled up sheet of parchment. Written

on it are the words, "You are not going to get away

with stealing my stuff!" When the reader's eyes alight

on the arcane symbol below the passage, an explosion

of thunder rocks the holder, spreading out in a burst

centered on the person holding the scroll.

Warded Scroll

Obj<'ct

Level  3 Trap

XP  150

Detect Arcana DC 13

HP1

AC  5, Fortitude 5, Reflex 5, Will-

Immune necrotic, poison, psychic, all  conditions, ongoing damage

Initiative-

(.Attack (thunder)

TriBBer:  A creature reads the scroll.

Attack (Immediate Reaction): Close bu rst 3 (creatures in the

burst); +6 vs.  Fortitude

Hit:  2d6 + 4 thunder damage, and the target is  pushed 1 square

from the center of the burst and falls  prone.

Miss:  Ha lf damage.

Special: This trap can be triggered only once.

CouNTEI\M EASUI\ES

+ Disable: Arcana or Thievery DC 21  (standard action). Success:

The trap is disabled permanently.

Roleplay

If the characters captured Tindel, the half-elf grifter

from Area 41, he attempts to quietly move away from

anyone opening the scroll. When the trap goes off, he

tries to escape.

If Gritchet is with the characters when they enter

this area, he can explain what everything is and to

whom each item belongs. He does not know about the

trapped scroll, however.

If the characters ask about what's in the adjoining

room (Area 43), Gritchet tells them he doesn't know,

explaining that Enda was vehement about them not

wandering since the dungeon is full of monsters,

curses, and traps. He does mention that his peers

tossed the bodies of the Downshadow folk they

ENCOUNTER  AREAS  I 42.  Base  Camp

killed into that chamber.  But they quickly closed the

door afterward.

43. Pedestal Battle

Combat Encounter Level 2 (675 XP)

Enda's scoundrels have refused to enter this room.

They did, however, toss some dead bodies inside it.

This area contains one ofHalaster's many deadly

jokes. The danger is not revealed until something or

someone moves any one of three items resting atop

columns. (The fourth item is safe to move.)

When the characters enter, read:

Four columns form a line runnin& throu&h the room's

center. The columns are exactly 10 feet tall and spaced

rou9hly JO feet apart. The columns do  not support the ceil

in&,  which is 20 feet hi& h. Floatin& atop each column is an

object. From north to south, they are a closefaced helmet, a

9reatsword, a bronze scepter, and a crossbow.

The rest of the room is empty- except for the bloody,

sliced-up corpses of  some humans and dwarves dressed

in tattered,filthy clothes. The bodies' limbs are all askew,

Bivin& the impression they were carelessly heaved inside.

Creatures: If the greatsword, crossbow, or helmet

is disturbed, three helmed horror guards (page 91)

simultaneously appear atop the columns, clutching or

wearing the three items. They attack with crossbows

atop the pillars until they are drawn into melee. Their

fly speed lets them reach the floor with ease.

Features: When a trapped item is disturbed, a

field of magical force blankets the doorway, and the

floor begins to glow.  Creatures outside the room can

enter, but no creature can leave until all the helmed

horror guards are defeated. This force field cannot be

dispelled.

Any creature starting its turn in contact with the

floor takes 5 radiant damage. Flying creatures as well

as creatures climbing or standing on the columns do

not take damage.

The columns have handholds and can be easily

climbed (DC 5 Athletics check).

Treasure: The bronze scepter on the pedestal is

a + 2 blast scepter. It can be moved or taken without

summoning the helmed horror guards.

Radiant Floor

Area

Detect Arcana or Dungeoneering DC  21

Immune attacks

Level  2  Elite Trap

XP  300

Initiative-

TRIGGERED ACTIONS

Effect (radiant) +  At-Will

Requirement: One of the trapped items in the room must have '

been disturbed.

Triaaer: A creature starts its turn in  contact with the floor.

Effect (No Action): The triggering creature takes 5  radiant

damage.

CouNTERMEASURES

+  Disable: Arcana  DC  21  (standard action). Success: The trap

deactivates until  the end of the character's next turn.

Blast Scepter

These powerful tools were crafted in Netheril, an

ancient realm of sorcerers whose glory the Great

Desert swallowed long ago. Most blast scepters take the

form of wand-length metal rods that have  ornamental

knobs at both ends.

ENCO UN T E R  AREAS  I 43.  Pedestal  Battle

level7+ Rare

lvl12  +5

lvl27  +6

2,600 gp

13,000 gp

65,000 gp

Blast Scepter

This rare,  ancient device is one of the more unpleasant leaacies

of lost Netheril.

lvl 7

+1

lvl11  +3

lvl17  +4

Implement: Rod  or wand

Enhancement Bonus: Attack rolls and damage rolls

Critical: +1d8 force damage per plus

Property

While holding this implement, you  have resist 10 fire  and resist

10 lightning.

+Attack Power+ Daily (Standard Action)

325,000 gp

1,625,000 gp

~

0

0

0

might try to align with the heroes until it benefits her

to betray them, make an escape, or both.

She can truthfully tell the characters her fellow

guards ignored Enda's warning not to go exploring,

~

and they entered the room to the east (Area 45),

taking with them their Downshadow captive. Within  j

minutes of them leaving, Viv heard a few muffled

shouts. That was an hour ago (about the same time

the characters entered the Grim Statue room). Since

then, the halfling has heard nothing from the room,

and she won't open the door, fearing she'll let some

thing terrible out.

Vl

Attack: Melee 1 (one creature); Intelligence, Constitution, or

Charisma+ the scepter's enhancement bonus  vs.  Fortitude

Hit: The target is stunned (save ends).

o(-+  Attack Power (Thunder)+ At-Will (Standard Action)

Attack: Close blast 3 (creatures in the blast); Intelligence, Con

stitution, or Charisma+ the scepter's enhancement bonus

vs.  Reflex

Hit:  5 thunder damage, and you  push the target up to 3

squares.

Level12 or 17:10 thunder damage.

Level 22 or 27: 15 thunder damage.

44. Guilty Guard

Roleplaying Encounter

This room is  an offshoot ofEnda's gang's base camp

(see Area 42). The guards who use this room take

turns keeping watch with the other group. Tired of

waiting for Enda to return, all but one of these ruf

fians decided to go exploring. Left behind, Viv sits on

her bedroll, unsure of what to do.

When combat between the characters and the

other gang members erupts in Area 41, the half

ling panics. She knocks on the door leading to Area

45, where her fellow guards went. No one answers.

When the characters are victorious in Area 41's

battle, Viv hides in her bedroll.

When the characters enter this room, read:

This chamber contains a Jew bedrolls and other evidence of

a camp. A door to the east is closed.

Creatures: Viv,  a halfling trickster (Monster Vault,

page 169), is hiding in her bedroll in the southwest

corner. With a DC 25 Perception check or a thorough

search of the room, the adventurers find her.

Roleplay

Viv is as sneaky and self-serving as the day is long.

She is also a coward and good actress. The only

reason she did not join her fellow gang members

when they wandered offis because Undermountain's

reputation for deadliness frightens her.

Realizing the characters are surely more powerful

than she is on her own, she hides until she can escape.

If discovered, she pretends to have been sleeping. She

45. Evil Amusement

Combat Encounter Level 2 (625 XP)

Despite Enda's warning to her associates that they

should focus on the task at hand and avoid taking

unnecessary risks, a handful of them decided to go on

a treasure hunt anyway. They brought along a captive,

a Downshadow unfortunate who wandered too close.

Rather than kill the half-elf, as they did her peers,

these scoundrels captured her so they could use her

as a trap tester.

When the adventurers enter the room, read:

An area of darkness in the room's northeastern corner

hums loudly, drownin9 out almost all other sounds in the

chamber. Four ji9ures stand in front of the darkness; one is

strua9lin9 to flee. As your eyes adjust, you see two human

thu9s restrainin9 a filthy youn9 half-elf 9irl. Then a tall,

bald human with a thick beard turns toward the captive

and savaaely smacks her before Jorcina her hand into the

darkness.

The half-elf screams loud enouah to be heard over the

buzzin9. When she snatches her hand back from the dark

ness, her finaers are missina. Almost immediately.jinaers

appear by the ceilina in the middle of the room and fall to

the floor. The humans auffaw hearti1y, as if at a ma&ician's

parlor trick.

On the other side of the room, two female elves in armor

root through piles ~f smashed crates, boxes, and casks.

Creatures: Two  elf scouts (Monster Vault,  page

112) and three common bandits (Monster Vault, page

170) make up this party. The captured half-elf is

named Matheena, with statistics similar to a market

green grifter (page 94).

Features: The veil of darkness shrouds a stair

case that leads down to Undermountain's second

level. The veil used to be no more than a curtain of

darkness enterprising creatures would hide behind.

ENCOUNTER  AREAS  I 45.  Evil  Amusement

However, the warping of magic in Undermountain

has turned the veil into something more bizarre.

The screen now seems to be a teleporter that trans

ports only the first piece of a creature that touches it.

So, for example, if someone sticks his or her arm into

the veil, the creature's arm is apparently severed as it

is teleported to the ceiling.

The body part is not really gone, however. It has

been turned invisible, causing an incredible amount

of pain. An illusory replica of the body part then falls

from the ceiling to land in the middle of the floor.

One round later, the replica body part disappears and

the victim's seemingly missing appendage reappears

in working order.

A creature coming into contact with the screen

takes 1d10 damage and temporarily loses use of the

body part that touched the veil. A creature whose

arm hits first cannot attack with that arm for  a round.

If a leg hits first, the creature is slowed or immobi

lized. A creature that goes in headfirst is blinded for  a

round. If a creature's whole body is pushed through,

it is stunned and invisible for one round (and perhaps

tumbling down the stairs).

Treasure: A bronze statuette of a minotaur worth

150 gp is hidden behind some of the smashed crates.

Roleplay

These thugs are malevolent and cutthroat. Although

they might beg for mercy or forgiveness, their prom

ises and pleadings ring hollow.

When the characters address young Matheena,

she cannot at first get past the apparent miracle of

having all her fingers back. Once the characters get

her attention, it quickly becomes apparent she is not

in her right mind. She responds to questions with

bizarre non sequiturs, and the only thing she knows

is her name. Left to her own devices, she will find her

way back to Downshadow via a circuitous route.

46.  Pursuit

Combat Encounter Level 4  (963 XP)

Adventurers who approach this room encounter more

ofEnda's crew and also face  a greater threat. The first

ofEnda's treasure-seeking teams has encountered a

lizardfolk patrol, and after a brief skirmish, its mem

hers have decided to flee.

If the characters enter via southern door, read:

As you open the door to this large chamber, a group of

adventurers rushes into the room from a passage to the

north. The three humans and two elves are panting, and

wild-eyed terror paints their faces.  They see you just as they

reach the center of the room. Corifused for a moment, they

exchange quick glances before one of the humans screams,

"Attack!"

If the characters enter the hallway to the north

of this area (heading toward Area 49), read:

As you head west, the door at the end of the hallway bursts

open. Three humans and two elves duck through it. They do

not appear to see you as they dash immediately south.

Have the player characters roll initiative, and roll

initiative for Enda's gang members and the lizardfolk

pursuing them. The characters' main challenges in

this encounter are to figure out whom they should be

attacking and perhaps gain allies within the oppos

ing group.

Creatures: Two elf archers (Monster Vault,  page

110) and three common bandits (Monster Vault,  page

170) are the first creatures to appear. Two rounds

later, three pursuing lizardfolk- two poisonscale

brawlers (Monster Vault, page 187) and a poisonscale

needier (Monster Vault,  page 187)-join the fray.

Roleplay

The lizardfolk are xenophobic creatures. Unless con

vinced otherwise, they assume the adventurers are

part ofEnda's gang and treat them as enemies.

Plot

A potential hiccup could arise in this adventure if

too many non player characters join the adventur

ers, making future combats either too easy or too

unwieldy. If the heroes rescue and/or spare these

members ofEnda's exploration group, most of them

want to high-tail it out ofUndermountain regardless

of any treasures it might hold.

However, allowing the characters to convince the

gang members to help them is still an option. Rather

than agreeing to join the characters, the bandits

might be convinced to explore other areas or act as a

rear guard. These options also give you the flexibility

to provide the characters with support if the adven 

ture is too tough or set them up for  betrayal if the

adventure is too easy.

4 7.  Solace and Savagery

Combat Encounter Level 2 (675 XP)

This room would normally offer a place of solace and

hope. However, not long after the Spell plague, a elf

adventurer cursed with lycanthropy came into Under

mountain to escape local authorities and adventurers

hired to kill him. He found his way into this cham

her, and to his amazement, he felt his curse recede, as

though the beast inside had fallen into slumber despite

the rising full moon. He came to discover the room

contained magic that could suppress, but not remove,

the curse oflycanthropy for an entire lunar cycle.

ENCOUNT E R  AREAS  I 47.  Solace  and  SavaBery

He went back to the surface and spread the word.

Even though many cursed folk fell to Undermoun

tain's traps and monsters, some sufferers managed

to reach the chamber and successfully bottle their

beasts for  a month at a time.

Before long, a jackalwere follower of Malar heard

about the sanctuary. Disgusted, he knew he must

take charge of the place and re-educate those who

would throw away Malar's blessing.

To keep out monsters and nosy adventurers, the door

to this chamber is kept locked from the inside. The

lock can be picked with a DC 15 Thievery check. The

jackal were tending the room is likely to allow entrance

to anyone who knocks and does not appear to be an

immediate threat. With a DC 20 Perception check,

characters listening carefully at the door can hear soft

chanting, but they cannot tell what is being said.

Once the adventurers gain entrance, read:

A male elf and two male humans are in the room. The elf

smiles in greetintJ to you, while the humans look anxious

at your arrival. The chamber contains a few braziers and

lanterns,four cots, tables and chairs, and a small fire  pit f or

cookintJ.

Four eye-catchintJ statues adorn the room's corners. The

large ones, in the northeastern and southwestern corners,

are made of .9leaming white marble. They represent the

same oval fa ced, smooth-skinned, smilin&female. These

statues' eyes look upward. In the opposite corners, smaller

statues of the same man-beast are carved f rom dark rock.

These statues' features are snarlinB and twisted.

Creatures: The elf calls himselfUlquar, and he is

really a jackalwere deceiver (page 96) who fasncies

himself a priest of Malar (although he has no cleri

cal ability). The two humans are frenzied werewolves

(Monster Vault,  page 195) named Josephus Blaze (see

Corporal Knag, page 11) and Mizah Sheloran. The

two were recently bitten, and Ulquar has convinced

them their lycanthropy is a blessing. Malar's priest

has been urging the humans to return to the surface

and join his cult, where they can learn to embrace

and use the power Malar has granted them.

Features: A DC 10 Religion check confirms

that the statues depict Selilne, the goddess of the

moon, and Malar, the exarch of feral beasts. A DC

15 Perception check reveals that each of the statues

is glowing slightly. A subsequent DC 15 Religion or

Arcana check confirms the glow is magic, divine in

nature, and likely related to the deities' spheres of

influence.

Each statue has an aura 2. If combat breaks out,

a ~onlycanthropic creature in a Malar statue's aura

takes a -2 to all defenses and is vulnerable 5 to all

damage. A lycanthrope in a Selilne statue's aura takes

the same effect.

~

0

0

0

~

<(

u

Vl

Roleplay

Not understanding how the room works, the two

werewolves came here seeking to have their curses

removed. Instead, they found a conniving jackal

were (in elf form) determined to convince them their

afflictions were a godsend.

If the characters ask about the room's purpose,

Ulquar tells the truth, but not the whole truth. He

says the deities have touched the chamber, and now

it holds sway over lycanthropy. The priest tells them

pilgrims journey here to come to terms with their

condition.

Let the roleplaying play out to see what the char

acters do and say. If they wish, they can simply walk

away and not get involved. The characters might also

try to get these three involved with what is happening

with the lizardfolk. If so, Ulquar says the gods protect

this area, and the lizardfolk are not his concern.

One of the two humans could also change his

mind once the characters arrive, insisting Ulquar

perform the ritual to remove the affliction. At this,

the jackalwere bristles, knowing no such ritual exists,

and tells the human to not be so hasty. If the charac

ters support the wishes of the human, the jackalwere

is likely to attack the heroes.

If the werewolves get involved in combat, even if

they do not want to embrace their lycanthropy, they

transform and attack all creatures randomly and

without mercy, including each other.

48. Serpent Sacrifice

Combat Encounter Level 2 (675 XP)

The first lizardfolk infiltration into this area saw

three of the creatures chasing an elf in Enda's employ.

The elf was finally cornered here , and the lizardfolk

are preparing to sacrifice her to Sess'innek, using a

gruesome and painful ritual.

When the characters round the corner and can

see into the area, read:

At the far end of this long chamber, three lizard-like

humanoids surround an elf and shove her to her knees. Two

of the lizardfolk wab the elf's arms, while a third holds a

large snake, which gradually shrinks to the size of a worm.

The panicked captive flails and shrieks.

Creatures: Two greenscale raiders (Monster Vault,

page 188) hold the elf scout (Monster Vault, page 112),

while a greenscale bog mystic (Monster Vault, page

190) performs a ritual which the characters have an

opportunity to interrupt. If the ritual is successful, it

kills the victim in 1-4 hours, when a snake swarm

bursts from her body. (The characters might witness

the results of the ritual in Area 53.)

ENCO UNT ER  AREAS  I 48.  Serpent  Sacrifice

If the heroes don't rush in to rescue the elf, read:

Chantin& softly, the third lizardfolk &rips the elf's jaw,

anales it, and drops the diminutive snake down her throat.

Features: A semicircular fountain carved to

depict a three-headed male with a human torso and

an octopus's limbs is attached to the chamber's north

ern wall, directly behind the lizardfolk. Water pours

freely from its right- and left-side mouths, but only a

trickle falls from its central mouth.

If the characters block the other two mouths, the

pressure causes the impediment to clear from the

central mouth with a loud pop. (A DC 15 Thievery or

Dungeoneering check can clue in players if they don't

think of this tactic on their own.)

The impediment shooting from the fountain's

mouth is  a scroll tube. Inside the tube is a sheet of

slightly damp parchment. What it says is up to you. It

might be a treasure map, a doomed adventurer's last

words, a ritual, or details about a section of Under

mountain the characters have not yet explored.

Treasure: In addition to the scroll (see above), the

greenscale bog mystic wears a coral necklace worth

300 gp.

Roleplay

As soon as the heroes threaten the lizard folk, the

creatures drop their captive and move to attack the

characters.

The elf's name is Neera. If the adventurers save

her before the ritual is complete, she thanks them

before lying about her purpose in Undermountain.

She tells them she was searching for a lost friend ;

the truth is the elfis one ofEnda's crew. As soon as a

clear path opens between her and a known exit out of

Undermountain, the elf flees to the city above.

49. Lizard Takeover

Combat Encounter Level 3 (850 XP)

The first clashes between Enda's explorers and the

lizardfolk took place in and around these chambers.

When the characters approach Area 49A, read:

Two lizardfolk, two dwarves, a ha!forc, and a ha!felflie

slain in the chamber. The room is filled with smashed pot

tery and other stoneware. While the shards look like they

were destroyed Ions aao, the mortal carnaae is fresh.

To the west, a door stands open, revealin& a passaseway

beyond. To the south, a hallway immediately drops into a

descendin& stairwell.

E NCOU N TER  A R E AS  I 49.  Lizard  Takeover

A DC 12 Perception check reveals a faint grunting

and banging noise to the south.

50.  Shell Game

Combat Encounter Level 3 (775 XP)

When the characters take the stairs heading

into Area 49B, read:

The stairway descends into another chamber, this one also

scattered with humanoid corpses. Some are lizardfolk, but

most belona to the so-called civilized races. You hear hissina

and banaina cominafrom the south, where another set of

stairs leads out of this chamber.

When the heroes reach the bottom of the steps

leading into Area 49C, read:

A 30joot-wide pit spans the chamber's width, separatina

20foot sections of stone floorina on both its northern and

southern ends. Oranae mist fills the pit.

Across the chasm, you can make out the hazy forms of

two lizardfolk linaerina in a hallway near a smashed-in

wooden door. They point at you and hiss. The poundin3

and aruntin3 noises are cominafrom somewhere beyond

that southern doorway.

Creatures: Two lizardfolk shockers (page 95)

keep watch on the south side of Area 49C. They make

ranged and area attacks against enemies on the far .

side of the pit. If one or more characters cross the p1t,

these lizardfolk flee to Area 57 to warn their leader.

Three greenscale raiders (Monster Vault,  page

188), not within the heroes' view, repeatedly pound

on Area 53's door. These lizardfolk are focused on

capturing Enda and her associates, who have locked

themselves inside Area 53.

Features: The pit is 40 feet deep and ends in a

normal stone floor. Creatures falling into it take 4d10

falling damage. The rift's walls require a DC 15 Ath

letics check to climb, and the mist wafting up from

the chasm provides partial concealment.

Semisolid patches of mist form and disintegrate

constantly above the pit, offering a magical way to

cross the 30-foot-wide expanse. As a minor action, a

character can make a DC 15 Insight check to discern

where the solid patches will be in the current round.

A character able to move the pit's full distance in one

round can effectively run across the mist.

Characters can also attempt to cross on the solid

bits without first discerning the pattern. This is a little

more risky and requires fancy footwork. To cross in

this way, a creature must make a DC 15 Acrobat-

ics check as part of a move action. The check must

accompany each move action made while walking on

the mist.

Halaster distorted this area to trap interlopers in a

perpetual loop when they enter one of these three

rooms. Two creatures are on guard inside the rooms,

and a couple lizardfolk are trapped inside the loop.

u

When the characters approach the doors, read:

This passa3eway's western wall houses three identical iron

doors etched with the words "ENTER HERE" in Common.

The doors do not appear to have locks.

When any of the doors is opened, continue:

Beyond the door is a lOfoot-wide passaae leadin3 to a

30foot-square room with painted walls. At the point with

the passa.9e meets the room, a cracklina red eneray curtain

fills the corridor. The eneray does not 3ive offheat.

Creatures: Two scaladar (page 92) are in the

rooms, one in Area SOA and the other in Area SOC.

Both constructs lurk in corners that place them out

of sight of creatures near the doors, and each has a

glyph embossed on its head.

In Area SOB, two greenscale raiders (Monster Vault,

page 188) try to figure out how to escape Halaster's

trap. They have already tested the teleportation fields

(see below) and been attacked by each scaladar. If the

lizardfolk begin to lose a battle with the characters,

they use a teleportation field to attempt to escape

again.

Features: A DC 13 Arcana check allows a charac

ter to deduce that the curtains of red energy teleport

creatures that come into contact with them. On a

check result of21 or higher, the character realizes

the curtains also teleport creatures near them.

A creature or object that touches or ends its turn

next to the curtain is teleported to a random room

(either SOA,  SOB, or SOC), appearing in the near

est unoccupied space on the west side of that room's

energy curtain. Creatures trapped in the rooms can

move from room to room using the energy curtains

but cannot leave the rooms.

A creature east of the energy curtains can teleport

into a room but becomes trapped inside. Teleporta

tion effects other than those of the energy curtains do

not function within the three rooms. Any attempt to

use a teleportation power from inside of these rooms

fails, although the power is not expended.

Each room has walls that are painted a different

color: Area SOA, green; Area SOB, black; Area SOC,

purple. This color variation helps creatures distin

guish between the three otherwise similar rooms.

Area SOB also has a large glyph in the middle of the

floor that matches the glyphs on the heads of the sca

ladar in Areas SOA and SOC.

ENCOUNTER  AREAS  I  50.  Shell  Garne

How to  Escape

To turn off the teleportation curtains, the glyphs on

both scaladar's heads must be taken to the central

room (Area SOB). The characters can bring in the sca

ladar whole or just their heads.

When the three glyphs are together, the central

room's crackling energy curtain disappears, allowing

escape. After 24 hours of the trap being disarmed,

new scaladar with glyphs on their brows appear, and

the crackling energy curtain reforms.

If the characters are getting frustrated, allow a

DC 15 Insight check to give them clues about how to

escape.

Red Energy Curtains

Area

Detect see Countermeasures below

Immune attacks

TRIGGERED A c TIONS

'  Effect (teleportation) +  At-Will

Level 2 Trap

XP 125

Initiative-

Tri99er: A creature touches an energy curtain or ends it turn

adjacent to one.

Effect (No Action): The triggering creature teleports to a random

room (Area  SOA, SOB, or SOC), appearing in the nearest unoc

cupied space on the west side of that room's energy curtain. In

addition, the creature makes a saving throw. On a failure, the

creature takes 1 d8 damage.

CouNTERMEASURES

+Detect: Arcana (standard action). Check Result 13-20: The

character deduces that the energy curtains teleport creatures

that come into contact with them. Check Result 21  or Hi9her:

The character realizes the curtains also teleport creatures

adjacent to them.

+Escape: To escape Areas SOA,  SOB, and SOC, characters

must bring the two scaladar glyphs from areas SOA and SOC

to area SOB.  Doing so deactivates the energy curtain in area

SOB.

Roleplay

The lizardfolk, Zassik and Thissz, are confused and

angry about their predicament. As much as they want

to kill the characters and eat their flesh , they know

defeating them would be much easier with their kin's

help.

After initial hostilities, the lizardfolk might

attempt to call a truce, implying it would be easier

to escape as a group than individually. Of course,

as soon as the situation favors the lizardfolk, they

viciously attack the characters without h esitation.

51. Tainted Fountain

Exploration Encounter

The lizard folk have not yet explored this area, but the

demonic magic they unleashed in Undermountain,

has affected it nonetheless.

When the characters approach this area, read:

As you round the corner, you hear trickling water. Looking

west, you see a larse fountain set into the wall and carved

to look like a pixie holdins its breath and plusgins its nose

with its hands. The water squirts from the pixie's ears.

The water falling from the f ountain is dear, but as it

nears the basin, it takes on a lisht-sreen hue that rapidly

darkens into a deep sreen before turnins a sickenins brown

the moment it splashes into the basin.

Benches are arransed in front of the statuary. The rest

of the room, as well as the chamber to the north, is empty.

Features: The magic of the lizardfolk invasion is

tainting the fountain. A DC 15 Arcana or Religion

check recognizes the magical corruption for what it

is. A similar check allows a character to use a chant

or prayer to remove the taint for a few minutes, leav

ing the water fresh and clear for drinking.

52. Summoning Chamber

Combat Encounter Level 2  (650 XP)

This large chamber is the focus of much of the liz

ardfolk's attention and energy. Their leaders, a bog

mystic and a blackscale crusher, have told tribe mem

bers their destinies are tied to this new home. This

area is where the ceremony to summon the champion

of Sess'innek, the demonic power they worship and

fear, will take place after all the necessary sacrifices

and rituals have been performed.

This chamber is also home to the statue rumored

to have rubies for eyes. To  enter, the characters must

first pass through two doors with a 10-foot-square

antechamber between them. Neither door is locked

or trapped.

When the characters can see into the area, read:

Dirty, swampy water fills most of this spacious room. The

stench of death accosts you, wc:iftins up from the dozens of

bodies floatins in the murky liquid. Some of the corpses

appear to be adventurers, while others are dressed like derelicts.

Two lizardfolk dance and chant around the pool's perimeter.

Four stone columns rise out of the water, buttressinB the

ceilins 40 feet above. Two statues asainst the north wall

stand 30 feet tall.

ENCO U NTE R  A R EA S  I  52.  Summonin8  Chamber

Each statue depicts a robed male human with a lona

and twisted beard and wild hair dancina around its head.

One statue is frownina and has its arms crossed over its

chest. The other looks like it is lauahina and has its arms

outstretched in apparent excitement. The most strikina

difference between the statues is their eyes. The frown ina

one has huae alitterina red eyes, while the smilina one's eye

sockets are empty.

With a DC 15 Perception check, characters spot a

pair of crocodiles half-submerged in the pool.

Creatures: Since the ceremony to bring the cham

pion ofSess'innek cannot be started until many more

sacrifices have been made, only a couple lizardfolk

remain here. They are chanting and dancing in prep

aration for more ritual slayings. A lizardfolk shocker

(page 95), a poisonscale brawler (Monster Vault, page

187), and two crocodiles (Monster Vault,  page 297)

inhabit the room.

Features: At first glance, the swampy water

appears deep, but it is really only about 2 feet deep

and acts as difficult terrain.

The statues, having plenty of crevices for hand

holds and footholds , are easily climbed (DC 5

Athletics check).

Treasure: When a creature reaches the top of the

frowning statue and can see its eyes up close, a DC 10

Dungeoneering check reveals the supposed rubies are

colored glass. If someone moves the glass gems from

the frowning statue's eye sockets and places them in

the happy statue's eye sockets, they click into place

and 1,500 gp tumble out of the happy statue's mouth.

(A DC 22 Thievery check can also achieve this result.)

The lizardfolk shocker possesses a ritual book

written in Draconic. With a DC 15 Arcana or Reli

gion check, the character understands the ritual

book's purpose (see below).

Plot

The book contains a ritual that summons an aspect of

Sess'innek to serve the ritual's caster. An adventurer

making the aforementioned Religion check under

stands that such a creature would be very powerful,

possibly even threatening the citizens ofWaterdeep.

However, the ritual requires the sacrifice of at least

two hundred victims in the name of Sess'innek.

Characters can estimate that about one hundred

corpses float in the murky pool.

53. Besieged

Roleplaying Encounter and Combat Encounter

Level 2 (700 XP)

:'E

0

0

a

~

Enda and a few survivors from her expedition hide in  <:

U

this room as they try to recover from a brutal lizard-

folk assault. The characters first must deal with the

lizardfolk outside of the room (see Area 49) before

they can access the room's interior.

When the characters defeat the greenscale raid

ers and inspect the door to this room, read:

The stone door has an iron lockina mechanism and shows

sians of damaae where the lizardfolk were slammina

aaainst it in an attempt to break it down. The door is

sturdy enouah, however, to withstand much more of a beat

ina than the one the lizard-like creatures were aivina it.

The door is locked but not trapped. The lock can be

picked with a DC 15 Thievery check. The characters

might also try convincing Enda to unlock the door

from her side.

When the characters enter, continue:

This  plain room has nothina in it except for four sorry

lookina humanoids-a half1ina, two humans, and a dwarf

The half1ina is the only one who seems capable of much,

and she a lances around worriedly as you enter. One human

is unconscious and covered in wounds. The other human

appears relatively unhurt but is cowerina in the corner,

whimperina. The dwarf sits on the floor, aroanina and

holdina his belly.

Creatures: When the characters enter the room,

regardless ofhow, Enda (see statistics below) draws

her weapon and takes a defensive stance. Among the

halfling's surviving searchers, she is the only one who

is in any shape to walk, much less fight. The others

have no healing surges left and few hit points. Addi

tionally, they are desperate to abandon this mission

and would flee at the first sign of more lizardfolk.

After a bit of roleplaying and conversation between

Enda and the characters, the dwarf begins writhing

and shrieking. Enda says the lizardfolk had him for  a

minute or two before his companions could free him,

and she thinks they made him eat something that

looked like a worm.

Moments later, the dwarf's abdomen distends hor

ribly as he falls silent in death, and a snake swarm

(Monster Vault,  page 301) bursts from his belly.

This enemy might be more than the characters can

handle, even with Enda's help, so if the combat turns

ugly for the characters, have the snake swarm attack

one of the helpless bandits instead, giving Enda and

the characters an opportunity to escape.

ENCOUNTER  AREAS  I 53.  BesieBed

Enda Yate, Bandit Leader

Small natural humanoid, halfling

HP 38; Bloodied 19

AC  17,  Fortitude 15, Reflex 16, Will14

Speed 6

Level  3 Artillery (Leader)

XP 150

Initiative +6

Perception +2

TRAITS

0  Natural Leader+ Aura 2

Allies in the aura gain a +2  power bonus to saving throws.

STANDARD ACTIONS

CD Dagger (weapon)+ At-Will

Attack: Melee 1 (one creature}; +8 vs. AC

Hit:  2d4 + 4 damage, or 2d4 + 8 damage to a target granting

_ combat advantage to Enda.

 Dagger Throw (weapon) +  At-Will

Attack: Ranged  10 (one creature};+ 10 vs. AC

Hit: 2d4 + 4 damage, or 2d4 + 8 damage to a target granting

combat advantag~ to End a.

___ _

~Jumbling Toss (weapon)+ Recharge iZJ []

Effect:  Before the attack, End a can shift up to her speed, and she

gains combat advantage against a target of her choice until th e

end of her next turn.

Attack: Ranged 10 (one creature); + 10 vs. AC

Hit: 3d4 + 8 damage.

TRIGGERED AcTIONs

Second Chance +  Encounter

Tri99er: An  enemy hits End a with an attack.

Effect (Immediate Interrupt): The triggering enemy must reroll

the attack and use the new result.

Skills Acrobatics+ 11 , Bluff +8, Stealth+ 11 , Streetwise +8, Thiev

ery +11

Str 10 (+1)

Con 14 (+3)

Alignment unaligned

Equipment leather armor, 10 daggers

Dex 20(+6}

lnt 12 (+2)

Wis 12 (+2)

Cha 14 (+3)

Languages Common, Elven

Roleplay

Enda takes a no-nonsense approach to dealing with

the characters. She freely states she is the leader of

the group that came into Undermountain to snatch

the fabled statue's gems. If confronted about the low

moral fiber of some of her crew, she acknowledges

that some of them are not nice folk, but she also says

she did not order them to kill anyone, just to keep

people away.

If asked about Rutherford Urmbrusk, Enda admits

she was a member of his expedition. She then uses

the characters' desire for information as a bargain

ing chip. She promises the heroes that if they help

her secure the gems, she will give them a share of

the profit and tell them everything she knows about

Rutherford.

When that time comes, Enda tells the heroes

Rutherford went missing in an area well north of the

Grim Statue's chamber (Area 41). Enda remembers

Rutherford standing in a passageway and saying the

phrase "show me sanctuary" in Elven (see Area 63).

Then Rutherford vanished, and a couple of his hired

fighters began arguing violently, so Enda walked off

to continue her search for the ruby-eyed statue.

54. Darktentacles

Combat Encounter Levell (650 XP)

This chamber is swamped with the same marshy

water that fills some of the other chambers. However,

rather than lizardfolk dominating it, this room con

tains something the savage demon worshipers fe ar- a

darktentacles.

When the characters enter this area, read:

A lar8e, muddy pool dominates the center C!f this chamber.

A lOfoot-wide path surrounds the swampy water. IeadinB

to a door in the room's southwestern corner.

Creatures: A darktentacles (page 90) waits at

the pool's edge, attacking the first character to come

within its reach. Also in the water are a lizardfolk

shocker (page  95) and a greenscale raider (Monster

Vault, page 188), both of which the darktentacles has

dominated. Make Stealth checks for  each creature to

determine whether any heroes spot them.

Features: The pool is  10 feet deep, and it is murky

enough that creatures fully submerged in it cannot

see anything outside the square they occupy.  It takes

a D C 10 Athletics check to swim in the water.

Treasure: The murky pool contains an old corpse -

from times past, and its rotted belt pouch and travel

pack contain 145 sp and 72 gp.

Roleplay

Although the darktentacles is evil, it is also intel

ligent and capable of communicating. It was caught

up in a portal that brought it and part of its home

swamp h ere. Despite being extremely angry,  the

darktentacles is willing to talk to anyone who offers it

something it wants , such as a way to get home.

Of course, this creature is neither honest nor

remotely compassionate. The moment it sees a m eans

of returning to the Vast Swamp, it happily grabs a

character as a snack for the road.

55. Rescuing Sacrifices

Roleplaying Encounter

A long h allway leads from the rest of the lizardfolk's

territory into Areas 55 -57.

When the characters enter the passageway lead

ing to this room, read:

This lon8 hallway contains ankle-deep, murky water. Its

walls are overwown with vines and creepers, and an occa

sional froB  or newt skitters within the vines or hops in the

muck. At the passa3eway's opposite end, a crocodile lum

bers around a corner an disappears to the north. From that

direction, muffled shrieks pierce the humid air.

ENCOUNTER  AREAS  I  55.  Rescuin9  Sacrifices

~

0

0

0

~

<

u

V1

After the characters approach the chamber as

quickly or cautiously as they wish, read:

The crocodile is no longer in sight, but two humanoid figures

lie prone in the swampy muck that covers the floor. Leather

straps bind their ankles and wrists, and sacks cover their

heads. The f emale figure shrieks and writhes as she attempts

to get to her f eet. The slim male figure isn't moving.

Creatures: The female is an elderly human der

elict named Ghellest. She lives in Downshadow and

was captured when she wandered too close to the liz

ardfolk territory. She is beside herself with fear. If the

characters manage to calm her (a DC 15 Diplomacy

check), she is oflittle help, only repeating the phrase

"the water was all around like air" (in reference to

Area 57's water-filled passage).

The male is an eladrin ritualist named Equinis. He

was seeking magical knowledge in Undermountain

on his own when he was captured. He is unconscious.

With a DC 10 Heal check or any healing magic, Equinis

can be revived. Although unable to offer much assis

tance in his current condition, the eladrin can describe

vaguely what awaits the adventurers in Area 57.

Parties that have little training in Arcana could

learn more from Equinis about Area 5 Ts magic gate,

making it easier for the adventurers to sever the por

tal's connection to the lizardfolk's homeland. As a

person who has a great deal of arcane knowledge and

knowledge of rituals, Equinis could become a poten

tial long-term ally of the characters.

Both victims' faces bear markings drawn in blood.

Characters who have seen and understood the ritual

book in Area 52 realize these two were destined

for sacrifice in that location as part of the ritual to

summon the aspect ofSess'innek.

Features: Ankle-deep water covers the hallway

and chamber floors. A character succeeding at a DC

10 Nature check can verify that the crocodile seen

entering the room ignored the prisoners and contin

ued eastward (to Area 56).

56. Deep Swamp

Combat Encounter Levell (300 XP)

When the characters enter this room, read:

The chamber's southern section looks and smells just like a

swamp. The brackish water that fills this part of the room is

covered with a thin layer of scum, such that you cannot tell

how deep it is.

Thick mud, smashed stone, and green vines cover the

only path of solid ground visible in the room. It's as though

the marsh and the dungeon are waging some kind of war.

A character who succeeds at a DC 13 Perception

spots a disturbance in the water, suggesting there

might be creatures lurking below its scummy surface.

Creatures: Two crocodiles (Monster Vault, page

297) swim in the water. When a creature enters the

room, the crocodiles instantly attack.

ENCOUNT E R  AREAS  I  56.  Deep  Swamp

Features: The northern portion of this chamber is

tangled with vines, a canopy of moss-laden branches,

and thick undergrowth. It is difficult terrain.

The southern pool has four descending steps,

each 10 feet wide. The northernmost 10-foot section

is  10 feet deep, and each 10-foot-section farther south

drops another 10 feet, reaching a depth of 40 feet in

the chamber's southernmost section.

Treasure: Submerged in the murky water's deep

est area is a + 1 amulet of health (Dunaeon Master's

Kit, page 266). A character willing to swim at those

depths can find it with a DC 20 Perception check.

57. Marsh Portal

Combat Encounter Level 5 (1,025 XP)

The lizardfolk leaders are here, using one of Under

mountain's many portals to bring their swamp into

the dungeon. If the characters fought the crocodiles

in Area 56, the occupants in this area cannot be sur

prised and are waiting for intruders. This encounter

assumes that is the case; adjust the monsters' loca

tions as you see fit if the characters gain surprise.

When the characters en ter the north room, read:

This chamber is over9rown with swamp veaetation, and

the air is choked with a doyin9 mist. A statue aaainst

the north wall has been caked in mud and twi9s so that it

depicts demonic-lookina lizardfolk. A hallway attached to

ENCOUNTER  AREAS  I 57.  Marsh  Portal

the larger chamber's southeastern corner is filled floor-to

ceiling with water. Somehow the water remains in place

without a drop spillin9 into the main chamber.

Three lizardfolk fen spies are invisible in this room,

waiting for the order to attack. Their leaders, a black

scale crusher and a greenscale bog mystic, lurk in the

southern room.

When the characters come within view of the

greenscale bog mystic hiding around the corner

in the southern room, read:

A hissina voice issues from a chamber to the south and cries

out in Draconic, "Keep them away from the portal!"

When the characters peer into the southern

room, read:

A crude throne stands aaainst the western wall. Aaainst

the south wall stands a marble statue of a robed elf.

Creatures: This section of the dungeon contains

a greenscale bog mystic (Monster Vault, page 190),

a blackscale crusher (Monster Vault,  page 191), and

three lizardfolk fen spies (page 95). The fen spies are

invisible at the start of the encounter and make full

use of their invisibility, carefully choosing the most

debilitating times to attack, even if it means only

attacking every other turn.

An intrusion into its realm infuriates the black

scale crusher. It bellows and moves immediately to

the nearest character, attacking with all the brutal

force it can muster.

The bog mystic tries to remain out of combat. It

focuses on keeping the heroes away from the portal,

moving as quickly as possible from its position in the

southern chamber to a place in front of (or within)

the water-filled passage.

Features of the Area

A miniatures-scale map of this area appears on one of

the battle maps included with this book. Feel free to

use it to help run this encounter.

Flooded Corridor: The corridor housing the

portal is filled top-to-bottom with water. Creatures

must swim to reach the magic gate, and air-breathing

creatures must hold their breath while doing so.  See

"The Portal" below for more information.

Statues: The two statues actually depict a female

drow warrior (north) and a male drow wizard

(south). However, the north statue is so covered in

mud and twigs as to be unrecognizable at a glance,

and the statues' pale marble makes them look like

elves. Close inspection reveals certain motifs (spider

emblems and web patterns on their armor and robes)

that suggest they are meant to depict drow. The stat

ues are blocking terrain.

Swamp Terrain: Swamp-filled squares are dif

ficult terrain to all creatures except those with the

swamp walk trait. A creature entering swamp terrain

must make a DC 12 Acrobatics check to keep on its

feet. Otherwise, the creature falls prone in the first

square of swamp terrain it entered, ending that action.

Throne: The blackscale crusher's throne is diffi

cult terrain.

Treasure: The blackscale crusher wears a head

dress made of several precious stones worth 350 gp.

The greenscale bog mystic carries a green, clawed

reptilian hand made of jade worth 200 gp.

The  Portal

A wavy, oval aperture at the far end of the water-filled

corridor is what allows the lizardfolk to have so much

power here. If the underwater portal were closed, the

lizardfolk's incursion into Undermountain would end.

To close the portal, characters can make skill

checks while adjacent to it. Three of the following

four checks are needed as standard actions:

+ A DC 15 Arcana check allows a character to use

, a brief (and bubbling) intonation to disrupt the

magic that holds the portal open.

+ A DC 15 Religion check allows a character to

beseech a deity of nature to temporarily sever the

foul patron.

connection between the portal and the lizardfolk's  6

+ A DC 15 Nature check allows a character to

0

0

:=

<C

+ A DC 15 Thievery check lets a character use his or  ~

her knowledge of magic traps and devices to sabo

tage the portal.

beseech the spirits of nature to reject the Abyssal

magic affecting the portal.

When the portal closes, all swamp features in

lizardfolk-touched Undermountain areas disappear,

including the water flooding the corridor on the dun

geon side of the portal.

Any creature that passes through the portal finds

itself in the middle of the Vast Swamp. What dangers

characters might face in this region are beyond the

scope of this adventure, although there are no imme

diate threats lurking on the far side of the portal.

Allies  and Reinforcements

If the characters have allied with Enda and her crew,

you'll need to decide the extent to which they become

involved in this encounter. If they join in the fighting ,

you could ask the players to assume the roles ofEnda

and her miscreants and have more lizardfolk pour in

from the portal-particularly greenscale raiders (Mon

ster Vault,  page 188)-to keep the fight challenging.

Another way to handle the simulation of extra help

is to assume Enda's people have created a distraction

that has taken one or two of the fen spies to another

part of the dungeon.

RUTHERFORD

WRAP-UP

If the characters successfully completed the three

adventures, they should have gained a rough idea of

where the secret door Rutherford entered is and what

the magic pass phrase was that he spoke to open it.

Need a  Clue?

If the players completed only one or two adventures,

or if they missed a clue or can't put them all together,

you can have the heroes run into Squam, one of the

half-orcs in Rutherford's party (page  19). Position

the adventurers so they can rescue Squam from an

attack. As thanks, the half-ore can lead the characters

to where Rutherford disappeared.

Rutherford's Fate

After overcoming whatever obstacles stand in their

way, the characters have the information they need

to locate Area 63 and speak the magic pass phrase.

This secret room is where Rutherford found the

SCALY  DOOM  I Rutherford Wrap-Up

Infa111ous  Areas

Although the number of people who have perished

exploring Undermountain is staggering, a great many

adventurers have been able to enter the grand dun

geon over the years and return to tell stories of their'

travails. Even though much of their talk might be

rumor or outright lying-because who could actually

confirm wild stories adventurers tell?-it has nonethe

less raised these particularly dangerous or strange

Undermountain locations into the realm of infamy.

ENCOUNTER AREAS

The following encounters are keyed to the map on the

facing page.

58. Hall of Many Pillars

Trap/Hazard Encounter Level 1 (125 XP)

Despite not being the most infamous ofHalaster's

areas, this room is probably the most frequently vis

ited (excluding the Entry Well room), thus gaining it a

great amount of notoriety.

When the characters enter, read:

Two broad steps in the western end of the hall descend into

a room that widens at its western end. Archways show

entrances in its northern, western, and southern walls.

In a few places, stone pillars reach from j1oor to ceiling.

The many broken shards of stone jutting from the floor are

evidence that many more pillars used to decorate this room.

Arrows drawn in chalk point to each of the exits, and it

looks like writing under each arrow has been scrawled and

crossed out many times. Only the arrow pointin& toward

the eastern passaae has writing that is still legible. In one

hand, it says, "This is the only safe direction." Beneath that,

in another hand, it says, 'Tell that to Grimjaw the Barbar

ian, who was killed in that hallway."

Features: Throughout the years, new and differ

ent threats have inhabited this chamber. Now it is a

fairly tame room, devoid of any creatures or grand

traps. However, one adventurer did hide a gem under

the ruins of a pillar. The oddly placed pillar can be

noticed with a DC 20 Perception check. When the

pillar is moved, the characters see a scrap of cloth

bearing a glyph of warding trap.

Treasure: The gem is an opal worth 200 gp.

portal that transported him to his father, Lord Quar

ren Urmbrusk, who had been using Sending rituals to

communicate with his son.

To locate Rutherford and Lord Quarren, heroes

must pass through the same magic gate Rutherford

did. But what characters find on the other side of

the portal and where they go from there is up to you.

Consider the following options.

Revenge: The magic gate teleports the heroes to a

location in Undermountain where Lord Quarren has

been held captive. Rather than assassinate the lord

his companions sold him into slavery to creatures  '

dwelling in Undermountain. (What type of creatures

is up to you.) Lord Quarren has stolen a ritual of Send

ing from them and has occasionally been able to use

it to send brief messages to his son, Rutherford. Lord

Quarren hoped his son would bring enough allies to

free him, but instead Rutherford was captured as well.

When the heroes travel through the portal, they

become the Urmbrusks' hope for salvation and

revenge, helping Lord Quarren regain his rightful

place. Of course, proof against Lady Lestra might be

hard to find, and Lord Quarren might ask for the

characters' help with some rough justice.

Madness: Lord Quarren is long dead and has

nothing to do with Rutherford's quest. Instead,

Rutherford used his missing father as an excuse to

venture to a place he had been seeing in his dreams

a demonic temple. When the adventurers travel

through the gate, they arrive in the temple complex.

Rutherford is deranged, and he hopes to use chaos

and destruction to spread his madness throughout

Waterdeep. Yet the most powerful demonic forces in

the temple are trapped, and Rutherford needs to sac

rifice mortals to them to attain their release. When

the heroes arrive to save him, the young lord decides

to use them to achieve his goal.

If you go with this option, the characters might

never discover Lady Lestra's treachery. Instead, by

informing her of what happened to Rutherford,

they please the lady (although she feigns shock and

grief) and gain a powerful patron in the city. Of

course, Lady Lestra remains a ruthless villain, so the

adventurers might discover her true nature while

performing other jobs for her.

Undeath: To get rid of him, Lord Quarren's

companions gave him to Dayan. The undead necro

mancer then swiftly killed the lord's betrayers before

turning Lord Quarren into a vampire. Lord Quarren

escaped Dayan's control, but it took him awhile to

come to terms with his new condition.

Lord Quarren lured his son into Undermountain

to turn him into a vampire, too. He hopes the two of

them can return to the surface and take revenge on

Lady Lestra. When the characters arrive, Ruther

ford might be considering taking his father's offer of

undeath, or he could have already accepted.

INFAMOUS  AREAS  I Encounter  Areas

THE HALLS OF

UNDERMOUNTAIN

LEVEL 1

Glyph of Warding (fire)

Object

Detect Arcana or Perception DC  15

Immune attacks

TRIGGERED AcnoNs

o<..,.  J\~tl;lCk (fire)

""  iriaaer: A creature touches the object bearing the glyph.

Levell Trap

XP 125

Initiative -

~~-~>~~  ~~~~~~~~~~"~c0~;,;l

Attack (Immediate Reaction): Close burst 3 (creatures in the

burst); +5  vs. Reflex

Hit:  2d6 + 3 fire  damage.

Special: Once the glyph is triggered, it disappears and cannot be

triggered again.

COUNTERMEASURES

+  Disable: Thievery DC  15 (standard action). Requirement: The

character must be adjacent to the glyph. Success: The charac

ter disables the glyph. Failure: The character triggers the trap.

59. Great Chasm

Combat Encounter Level3 (775 XP)

This broad chasm opened during a quake caused by

the Spellplague. The rift varies in depth; it is about 20

feet deep at its ends and 80 feet deep in its middle.

Creatures: Various flying creatures have used this

area as a lair over the years, and four shadowhunter

bats (page 93) as well as harmless swarms of normal

bats nest in the broken ceiling high above the chasm's

middle. A green slime (Monster Vault,  page 221) clings

to the ceiling as well. It has been slowly making its

way toward the bats, but when the chasm is illumi

nated, the ooze heads toward the light's source and

drips down upon creatures in its glow.

Treasure: An adventurer's remains are wedged

awkwardly between angled rocks at the chasm's floor

south of Area 58. The only items still of any value on

the desiccated corpse are in its belt pouch. It contains

15 cp, 3 sp, and two eyes of accuracy.

Eye  of Accuracy

This flat, coin-sized piece of polished bone is shaped

like a staring eye. Its back bears a single word

inscription, a command word (typically "Larth"). By

touching the bone to a ranged weapon or missile and

saying the command word, the eye of accuracy grants

the weapon or missile the power to strike true when

thrown or fired. While archers greatly prize this

magic item, those not ignorant of the grisly means of

its creation often think twice before using one.

The eye of accuracy vanishes after it is used once.

Eye of Accuracy

Carved from the bones of a true marksman, this device tem 

porarily confers the skill of that bone's owner to the weapon it

touches.

Consumable

150 gp

Utility Power+ Consumable (Minor Action)

Level 6  Rare

Effect: When touched to a thrown weapon or piece of ammu

nition, the eye of accuracy confers a +4 enhancement bonus

to attack rolls and damage rolls for the next ranged attack

made with the item.

60.  Hall of Mirrors

Exploration Encounter

When the characters enter, read:

Eight niches have been carved into each of the north and

south walls of this long hall. Within the niches hangfull

lensth mirrors in ornate f rames.

This room has changed over the years, based on

Halaster's whims. When he died shortly before the

Spellplague warped magic throughout the world, this

hall took on the features it has today.

Features: The mirrors house magic that creates

illusory doubles of any creatures reflected in them.

These figments step out of the mirrors and attack,

stabbing or pulling at the characters. The only harm

the illusory doubles do is psychological; they deal no

damage. In fact, the figments' most dangerous ability

lies in the saucy verbal attacks they lob at their true

selves while the characters remain in the hall.

When the characters attack their illusory doubles,

the figments stop physically lashing out and instead

mock their true selves even more heartily. An illusory

double might prance and jibber, make silly faces or

insulting remarks, or holler for monsters to come and

ENCOUNTER  AREAS  I  60.  Hall  of Mirrors

eat their physical doubles. In general, they do every

thing they can to provoke the heroes.

Attacks against the illusions do nothing. The fig

ments have no true form and cannot be destroyed.

But an attack against a mirror shatters it, dispelling

the illusions it spawned and dealing 4d6 psychic

damage to whomever the mirror had doubled. Mir

rors taken from the chamber lose this property, and

stolen or broken mirrors reappear, whole, after a day.

Most who leave the hall do so with a crowd of jeering

doubles laughing at their backs.

61.  Bonecrusher Trap

Combat Encounter Levell (400 XP)

In "Zarr's Invincible Army," the characters receive a

clue (see Area 20, page 35) about the whereabouts of

Rutherford Urmbrusk that uses this area as a refer

ence point.

When the characters approach the area, read:

The lO foot-hiBh passa9e ahead of you is carpeted in bones.

You don't see a way to cross throu9h it without steppinB on

them or kickinB them out of the way.

'

Inspecting the bones reveals that some are crushed,

while others bear claw and bite marks.

Creatures: When the falling blocks trap (see "Fea

tures" below) is sprung, a panel in the ceiling slides

open, releasing a gargoyle rake (Monster Vault, page

221) into the corridor between the fallen blocks. It

takes great pleasure in eviscerating characters while

their friends are helpless to intervene. If the gargoyle

is killed, another appears in the ceiling niche when

the trap resets.

Features: A trap guards this 50-foot-long stretch

of passage that runs west to east. The trap is triggered

when a living creature enters the 10-foot-square

section in the middle. A DC 22 Perception check

is needed to notice the trap's trigger: tiny symbols

inscribed in the floor along the circumference of the

trapped area.

If the trap is triggered, two cube-shaped blocks of

solid stone drop from the ceiling, filling the 10-foot

square corner to the west where the hallway bends

south and the 10-foot-square area in the intersection

to the east. The blocks seal off the 30-foot-long sec

tion of corridor between them. The blocks lift of their

own accord after 5 minutes, returning to their holes

in the ceiling when the trap resets itsel The blocks

are not as heavy as they look, thanks to magic placed

upon them. A character not pinned by a block can

hoist it back into its ceiling niche with a DC 22 Ath

letics check.

ENCOUNTER  AREAS  I 61.  Bonecrusher  Trap

Falling Blocks

Area

Detect Perception DC  22

Immune attacks

TRIGGERED  ACTIONS

Attack +  Encounter

Level  5 Trap

XP  200

Initiative -

Gravity Well

Area

Detect Arcana or Dungeoneering DC  21

Immune attacks

TRIGGERED  AcnoNs

+Attack (teleportation) +At-Will

Level  3 Trap

XP 150

Initiative-

TriBBer: A living creature enters the 1 0-foot-square midpoint of

the SO-foot-long passage.

Effect (Immediate Reaction): Two  blocks of stone drop from the

ceiling to seal off both ends of the passage. The falling blocks

attack creatures in  those squares.

Attack: +8 vs.  Reflex

Hit:  2d8 + 4 damage, and the target is  pinned  underneath the

block (escape DC  22). Until  it escapes or the block is  lifted, the

target is  prone, restrained, and takes ongoing 5 damage. If the

target escapes, it moves into a space of its choice adjacent to

the block as a free action.

Miss: The target moves into a space of its choice adjacent to the

block as a free action.

CouNTERMEASURES

+  Disable: Thievery DC  22 (standard action). Requirement: The

character must not be adjacent to the 1 0-foot-square section

in  the middle of the passage. Success: The trap is disabled for

1 hour.

+  lift: Athletics DC  22 (standard action). Requirement: The

character must not be restrained. Success: The character lifts

the fallen  block and  resets the trap.

62. Chamber of the Well

Combat Encounter Levell (550 XP)

Like Area 61's passageway, this chamber is likely to

be one the characters enter in their search for Ruth

erford Urmbrusk, since it is mentioned as a landmark

(see Area 16, page 32).

When the heroes enter the chamber, read:

This round chamber has a hemispherical ceiling that is  10

feet high at its apex. A 20foot-diamater well swallows the

center of the room, and a short lip is built around it. Inside

it, you see only darkness. Althouah the air in the room is

cold, no breeze emerges from the hole.

Creatures: A gelatinous cube (Monster Vault,  page

222) is stuck in the well below much of the detritus

that fills the hole. Its position in the well left it outside

the teleportation magic's range (see "Features" below),

so it has been content to remain where it is.

Features: Although the well is very deep, it has

been filled with so much rubbish that only the top 20

feet of it remains unfilled.

The well is trapped by magic that exerts a strong

pull on any creature starting its turn adjacent to

the well.

ENCOUNT E R  AREAS  I  63.  Librarium

TriBBer:  A creature starts its turn adjacent to the well.

Attack (No Action):  Melee 1 (triggering creature); +6 vs.  Reflex

Hit:  The target must attempt a saving throw. On a save, the

target falls  prone. On a failure, the target is  pulled  1 square

into the well's space, takes 2d1 0 damage from the fall, and

lands prone. The target is then teleported back to the square

it left.

Development

If one of the characters is pulled into the well and

falls, he or she shifts the garbage enough to put the

gelatinous cube back into the teleportation magic's

range. Instantly, the cube and the character find

themselves in squares adjacent to the well 's lip.

Since the gelatinous cube is a living creature, it is

vulnerable to the well's gravitational pulling attack. It

is not intelligent enough to know how to move away

from the effect. A creature the cube is engulfing

when it is pulled down the well is subject to the same

damage as the ooze and cannot make a saving throw

against falling. Creatures might also be pulled out of

the cube's grab, taking the falling damage and then



getting teleported to a free square adjacent to, but not

within, the gelatinous cube.

63.  Librarium

Exploration Encounter

This secret room is important because Rutherford

Urmbrusk can be found on the other side of a portal

located in this area. The clues the characters learn in

the course of the three adventures lead them here.

When the characters enter the corridor outside

the secret door, read:

A halforc corpse is sprawled on the floor.  The body's right

eye is covered with a patch, and a long, braided beard trails

f rom its chin.

As you look about for sians of what might have killed

the halforc, you notice a spiral shape scratched into the

nearby wall.

The dead half-ore is Rotwile, one of Rutherford's

adventuring companions. When Rutherford found

this place, he asked his companions to stay around

the corner as he said the pass phrase his father told

him. They heeded his request. Moments later, they

moved to join their leader, but Rutherford had van

ished. They investigated the area and bickered about

whether it was safe to say the pass phrase. Zarr, after

examining the spiral mark, was aggressively against

it. Rotwile argued passionately with Zarr, so the

mercenary killed him. The fate  ofRotwile's brother,

Squam, is up to you. After the bloody disagreement,

some of the party turned and walked away.

If a character says the pass phrase "Show me sanc

tuary" in Elven, a lock and the outline of a doorway

appear on the eastern wall with the spiral mark. No

traps are detectable, and the lock can be picked with

a DC 15 Thievery check. As the lock is being picked,

a glowing mouth appears around the keyhole and

drawls, "Never be loud. Always be still, for whisper

ing cloud obeys wizard's will." The characters may

then enter.

When the adventurers enter, read:

This plain room contains the barest of furnishinas-a pair

of tables, a few chairs, a cot, and a couple larae bookshelves,

which are mostly empty. Aareen mist obscures much of the

chamber's ceilina as it wafts Bently about.

Once a place where Halaster would come to study

arcane tomes and spellbooks, this room was even

tually found  and emptied of all its valuables. For a

couple seasons, a different mage claimed the cham

ber as a work site before dying elsewhere, leaving his

possessions behind.

Features: The magic mouth's message refers to

the green mist. The first time a creature speaks in the

room, the mist congeals a bit and hangs menacingly

over the speaker's head. If the speaker talks a second

time while in the chamber, the mist swoops down

to cover the creature's head and strikes the speaker

mute while in the room. If the creature leaves the

room and returns before  an hour has passed, his or

her muteness returns. If the speaker is an adventurer,

the character also loses his or her highest-level daily

power until he or she takes an extended rest.

A trapdoor is hidden in the floor of this cham

ber; it can be found with a DC 17 Perception check.

When opened, the characters see an opaque field

of red, crackling energy-a portal of teleportation.

Where it leads and what the heroes find on its other

side is up to you. See "Rutherford Wrap-Up" on page

73 for  suggestions.

Treasure: The few books on the shelves foc us on

arcane learning and might fetch 50 gp from the right

buyer.

64. Hall of Sleeping Kings

Roleplaying Encounter

This infamous chamber houses enchanted thrones

that once held a host of human nobles in stasis. In

t ime, the Hall of Sleeping Kings' magic faded, and the

seats became the resting places of moldering corpses.

On occasion, remnants of the thrones' power flare up

and trap an unwary creature.

When the characters enter the hall, read:

A purple Blow liBhts the huae chamber stretchin9 before

you. Golden li9ht occasionally flickers in the room as well,

appearin9 at random from one of the twenty-six undam

a8ed stone thrones lininB the hall's eastern and western

walls. Where one throne should have been sits a pile of

rubble.

One of the intact thrones is not flickerinB; instead, it

a lows continually. A ha!felf dressed in adventurin9 a ear is

seated upon it. His form is perfectly still.

"Doom!" a voice thunders. In a quickly dwindlinB

volume, it continues, "Doom takes us all." In moments, the

voice repeats its messa9e. And then a9ain and a9ain.

V'l

< w

0::

<

Vi

:::>

0

:;E

< L.l..

z

Creatures: The form on the throne is Dartwell, a

half elf market green grifter (page 94). He came into

this chamber while exploring Undermountain and

suddenly felt weary. He sat down moments ago (he

believes), and now he feels fully rested. Before sitting,

h e heard the chamber's message. But after a few loud

pronouncements, it grew quiet, and Dartwell consid

ered it safe to rest.

Although seemingly affable, Dartwell is not

a trustworthy chap. He takes advantage of the

characters whenever possible. He came into Under

mountain to hide from the authorities ofWaterdeep

after he swindled some merchants. What Dartwell

doesn't know is that he's been in this hall for three

years! He's smart enough not to pick a fight with a

group of creatures that could easily overpower him.

Features: The thrones' magic functions only on

rare occasion. But when it does, it is potent. A living

creature sitting on a throne when the magic flares

instantly falls unconscious. Once a creature is under

a throne's influence, the magic feeds off the victim

to stay active. The magic encases the seated creature,

negating the victim's need for food or water.

The creature gets a saving throw to awaken on

the following round, then an hour later, then a day

later, then a month later, then a year later, and then a

decade later. If all those saving throws fail, the crea

ture-who isn't aging-remains unconscious in the

throne indefinitely or until damaged or pulled off the

throne.

Plot

Areas like the Hall of Sleeping Kings are excellent

places for wandering monsters or thieves to set up

ambushes. Here, the aggressors can hide in the cor

ridors outside the room or lurk behind a throne near

the far end of the h all. Then when a creature falls

prey to a throne's magic, the monsters can attack

most effectively or the thieves can steal goods without

waking their victim.

ENCOUNTER  A RE AS  I 64.  Hall  of Sieepinn  Kinns

65. Altar of the  Spider God

Combat Encounter Level3 (850 XP)

This place was once dedicated to Selvetarm, a lesser

spider deity and champion ofLolth. Drow who dedi

cated themselves to battle and bloodlust worshiped

Selvetarm.

Selvetarm perished long ago, but that didn't dis

courage a group of drow from attempting to revive

him. (The ritual had no chance of succeeding.) As the

drow were chanting, the Spellplague tore through

Undermountain. It shifted stasis magic from the Hall

of Sleeping Kings (Area 64) into this area, which

froze the cultists and their sacrificial victim in time.

When the adventurers enter this room, read:

A violet radiance emanatin&from the eyes of a huae black

stone spider liahts this larae chamber. The spider idol is

carved from the stone in the center of the eastern wall. A

red-stained altar juts from the wall below the idol. The

stone spider appears ready to pounce atop it.

A motionless male elf is bound to the altar, chains con

nectin& his wrists and ankles to the spider idol's leas. A

female draw stands silently b~fore the altar, her arms

raised. She is dutchinB a ceremonial daBBer but doesn't

move an inch. Two armored male draw flank the altar.

They too are unmovintJ.

A DC 15 Religion check recognizes that this is a

ritual in progress. Since Selvetarm was obscure and

no longer exists, a DC 25 Religion check is needed to

recognize the deity to whom this ritual is dedicated.

Any character adjacent to the elf can make a DC

10 Heal check to see a small spider bite wound on

the victim, and the discoloration around the wound

indicates poison. The elf would die in 3 rounds unless

the poison were offset with a DC 15 Heal check, but

as long as he remains frozen in time with the others,

he's in no danger of perishing.

Creatures: The creatures are two drow stingers

(page 93) and a drow spellspinner (page 93). They

are in stasis and cannot move on their own. They can

be touched, but if any of the creatures here are dam

aged or moved, all of them are suddenly released

from stasis.

If the characters release the cultists from their

stasis, the drow attack, not realizing that more than

one hundred years have passed. However, the char

acters get a surprise round since they just appeared

before the drow as if from thin air.

Roleplay

The victim on the altar is a male elf named Ezristarr.

He worked for a merchant in Waterdeep, traveling

E NCOUNTER  AREAS  I 65.  Altar  of the  Spider  God

between the city and the Moonshae Isles. The drow

abducted him to use in their reviving ritual.

When he awakes and is rescued, he is duly appre

ciative, although naturally distraught when he learns

what has come to pass. He is  also naked and appreci

ates any spare clothing the characters have to offer.

Treasure: The object that reflected in the adven

turers' light is a bronze amulet formed in the shape

of an eagle. One of the crawling claws is grasping

it when the characters arrive. The letters "FL'' are

etched onto it. The amulet is not magical but could be

sold for  125 gp.

66. Hall of Three  Lords

Exploration Encounter

68.  Dead Man's Throne

Exploration Encounter

Vl

::J

0

~

<(

1.1..

z

When the characters enter the area, read:

A tremendous throne carved from a sinale block of stone

sits aaainst the eastern wall. An ever-movinajumble of

bones, includinB a skull,floats over the throne's seat. A pair

ofbony feet rest on the floor- exactly where they would be if

the skeleton were seated on the throne. LeB bones up to the

knees are still attached to the feet.

When the characters enter the hall, read:

Three statues depictina males of noble bearina clad in fan

cily decorated plate armor adorn the middle of the room.

The statues, and the plinths on which they stand, face east.

Carved into the stone base of each is a name: Elyndraun,

Ruathyndar, and Onthalass. The names have been crossed

out with chalk. Beneath them, words written in Goblin

have been added.

At the base of the central statue lies a broken staff as

well as a decayina hobaoblin skeleton.

Features: The words written in Goblin translate

in Common to "Smelly Bottom," "Stupid Skull," and

"Born Toothless." A DC 22 History check reveals that

the statues depict three Waterdhavian lords, all of

whom have been dead many years.

The staff was once magic, enchanted to start emit

ting screams when anyone picked it up. It still bears a

faint aura of magic. If the staff is repaired, it gives one

final dying wail of"Help! Thie1  Criminal!"

67.  Little  Chasm

Combat Encounter Levell (150 XP)

When the characters enter the hallway, read:

A crack has formed  in the floor of this 1Dfoot-wide hall

way. The fi ssure appears to be about 3 feet wide and

perhaps 20 feet deep. A a lint of metal deep inside the crack

reflects your liaht.

Creatures: At the bottom of the cleft, among the

m any skeletons of past victims, are six crawling claws

(page 93). They can climb the walls and attack the

characters or remain hidden inside to harass heroes

who descend into the fissure.

Features: The fissure is just wide enough for  a

Medium creature to squeeze inside it. Only a DC 5

Athletics check is needed to climb inside the rough,

narrow crack. Small or smaller creatures do not have

to squeeze within the cleft.

When characters near the bottom of the fissure

'about 25 feet down, they find it has narrowed to 2

feet wide. Its floor is littered with humanoid skeletal

remains, all of which are missing their hand bones.

When the first hero reaches the bottom and looks

around, the crawling claws attack.

Features: When the characters move around the

room, the skull turns as if watching them. This action

is part of the magic and means nothing unless you

wish it to.

The bones can be moved, but if they are taken

more than 15 feet from the throne, they teleport back

to the floating jumble. A character can move a bone

to another spot in the air above or near the throne,

and it will stay in that location for about 5 minutes

before returning to the jumble. If the characters

rebuild the skeleton atop the throne-which requires

a DC 15 Heal check to get the bones in the right

order-the words "Ah, that's much better" issue from

the skull's mouth, and a secret compartment at the

throne's base shoots out between the skeleton's feet.

Characters searching the throne find the compart

ment with a DC 20 Perception check, but it cannot be

opened by any other means.

Treasure: A garnet worth 100 gp and a small sack

containing four stones of shieldin&  are inside the secret

compartment.

Stone of Shielding

This single-use item is a spherical white stone about

an inch in diameter. When crushed, its power acti

vates. A stone of shieldin& causes a sparkling, winking

aura to spring into being around its holder, granting

incredible protection for  a limited time.

When crushed, this chalky stone provides its holder with power

ful defensive ma&ic- at least for a little while.

Consumable

200 gp

Utility Power+ Consumable (Minor Action)

Effect: You  crush the stone and gain a +6 enhancement bonus

to A C. At the start of each of your turns, the enhancement

bonus to AC  provided  by this item  is  reduced by 1.

69. Hall of Candles

Combat Encounter Levell (300 XP)

This long hallway wends east toward a dead end.

Flickering candlelight draws attention to the passag:

way, even from a distance.

When the characters arrive in the hallway, read:

Dozens a flit candles, one about every 5 feet in two parallel

rows, line this lana passaaeway. The candles float near eye

level on a tall human.

A few aaps in the rows suaaest some candles are miss

ina. The hallway is very warm. No smoke linaers, and the

air seems dean. It even smells sliahtly ofhoney.

If the characters follow the hallway to its east

ernmost end, read the following as they turn

north before the passageway dead-ends:

When you turn the corner, you nearly knock into a massive

caterpillar-like creature endowed with leas aplenty and ten

tacles near its head. A wet smackina sound draws your eyes

to the creature's maw, where a chunk ofhobaoblin corpse

shifts limply with the beast's every chomp. When it notices

you, it drops the carcass and moves your way.

Creatures: A carrion crawler (Monster Vault,  page

33) makes this part ofUndermountain its home, wait

ing in corners of rooms and at turns in hallways to

surprise unwary creatures. Ever ravenous, the carrion

crawler tries to stun a creature before it begins to eat

its prey. The carrion crawler focuses on injured or

bloodied creatures.

Features: The candles are the magic creation of

one ofHalaster's apprentices. As long as the candles

stay within the area, they stay lit, never burning down

or dripping wax onto the floor. They can be carried

through this area, providing normal candlelight. If

a creature carries a lit candle out of this passageway,

the candle instantly melts down to nothing, burning

the holder for  1d8 fire damage as hot wax and flame

engulf the holder's hand.

Where the hallway dead ends, writing is scrawled

on the wall. The topmost message is written in an

ancient form of Common and reads:

No a olden thrones

Come with ease

By Nimraith's bones

Ye shall be pleased.

Beneath that, written with charcoal in Elven, are the

following words:

Seek not here

Twill not be found

Treasure lies, I fear

Far underwound.

E NCOUNTER  AR EA S  I  69.  Hall  of Candles

Beneath that, written in Giant in what appears to be

blood, is the following message:

If there is a secret door here,

I  can't find the ruddy thing.

70.  Prisoners and

Portcullises

Combat Encounter Levell (200 XP)

Features: The coffin is the burial place of a cham- ~

pion of Bane. A DC 10 Religion check recognizes the

u.J

0:::

symbol on the shield as being the one Bane's most

<t

honored champions use. Indeed, Bane has blessed his  V'l

champion here with a deadly protection from grave

:l

0

robbers.

~

< 1.1.

z

Treasure: The corpse in the coffin rests upon a

throwing shield (or another level 6 uncommon magic

item of your choice), and it wears a gorget of gold and

rubies worth 350 gp.

A secret door to this room can be spotted with a DC

15 Perception check.

When the characters enter the room, read:

This chamber contains four sets of humanoid skeletal

remains-most likely human, elf, and dwarf-all of which

show signs ofhaving been burned. If the creatures had any

equipment when they perished, it has been taken.

A long, rusted iron chain lies on the floor. It is not

attached to the wall. The chain ends in a single manacle,

one that miahtfit around a human's neck.

Wrapped around one of the skeleton's leg bones is a

black silk garter, one a wealthy lady might wear to a fancy

ball.

Creatures: If anyone disturbs the garter or the

bones ofTrestyna Ulthilor (see below), the priestess's

spirit rises as a wraith (Monster Vault , page 284) and

attacks.

Features: One set ofbones belongs to a priestess

ofTalona, Trestyna Ulthilor, who died in this cham

ber a century ago. Her superior imprisoned her here

after they argued, never returning to free her.

Treasure: The garter functions as a level 7 pearl of

power (Mordenkainen's Magnificent Emporium, page 88).

71. Treasure's Bane

Combat Encounter Levell (125 XP)

When the characters enter the chamber, read:

This passageway ends in a square chamber. A large coffin,

its lid carved to represent a fighter wearing heavy armor

and holding a greatsword, sits in the center of the room.

The shield in the coffin's carvinlJ bears the imaae of a

mailed fist. Six dagaers are scattered around the floor.

Creatures: If the characters open the coffin lid,

the plate armor within it rises up as a helmed horror

guard (page 91). However, the helmed horror guard

does not immediately attack. If a character attacks

, it or tries to take anything from the coffin, the

construct attacks. If a full round passes with no char

acters attacking it or trying to take away an item, the

helmed horror guard climbs back into the coffin and

pulls the lid closed.

72.  Books Might Furnish a

Room

Exploration Encounter

When the characters reach this area, read:

Two  doorways on the eastern and western walls mark the

end of this corridor. The wreckage of the smashed-in doors

litters the floor near their fram es. The door chunks are

covered in severely faded black runes. Next to each of the

doorways, written in chalk in barely legible Common, are

the words "Rok wuz heer."

Features: Everything has been stripped from

this area's two main rooms. Little more than hunks

of burned wood and a few charred bones remain. A

chalk-scrawled arrow on the corridor floor points

directly toward the doorway leading into the western

20-foot-square chamber. On the western wall of that

chamber is a door adorned with a simple pull ring.

The door has no locks or latches, and behind it is a

small library containing bookshelves, a table, and a

chair. When someone closes the door to the room,

two magical effects occur.

The first magical effect is that any books its cur

rent occupants brought into the chamber suddenly

appear on the shelves. These magic duplicates are

exact replicas, even including handwritten notes or

stains on the visitors' books' pages. The duplicates

can be taken from the room. If they are brought back

in, duplicates of the duplicates appear. The books

already in the room could include a dungeon delver's

diary, a volume of hymns to Ilmater, a book of rituals,

or anything else you like.

The second magic effect that happens is that a

malfunctioning portal is triggered, noiselessly tele

porting the occupants and the room to another

Undermountain location. When the characters open

the door to leave, it opens on a different wall else

where in the dungeon. The teleporter used to send

creatures to a room on the second level, but now the

characters could end up anywhere you want.

ENCOU N TER  AREAS  I  72 .  Books  MiBht  Furnish  a  Room

73.  Not Much to Look At,

But a  Real Talker

Roleplaying Encounter

point out faults and damn successes with faint praise.

However, on his few trips about Undermountain,

he might have picked up a useful tip or two for the

characters.

When the characters enter the room, read:

This room, with doors in its eastern and western walls,

contains a round, 5-0foot-diameter table made of dark

wood. The table is smothered beneath a thick layer of dust.

A human skull rests in the corner of the room, also Bather

inB dust.

Suddenly, you hear, "Hello? Hello! Thank 9oodness

someone is here." The voice is cominBfrom the skull.

"Could you 9ive an old fellow a lift? Some un9rateful hob

Boblin knocked me off the table, and I rolled over here. I

would so appreciate it if you would put me back in place.

Mura9h ofLathander, at your service!"

Muragh Brilstagg was a bossy, pretentious, and criti

cal person in life. A wizard whom Muragh berated

and lectured overly much eventually cursed him.

When Muragh died ages ago, his soul did not move

on, and the former cleric ofLathander retained his

consciousness. Even though he couldn't move from

the neck down, he could talk.

A sailor who found Muragh's body in an alley

severed the cleric's head from his corpse and then

sunk it in Waterdeep Harbor. Eventually fished out

and turned over to a wizard of the Watch, Muragh

became a watchdog, or watch skull, in the wizard's

library. When thieves broke in, they snatched up

Muragh's skull and fled into Undermountain. Even

though adventurers on more than one occasion have

taken Muragh from this chamber, the skull has some

how ended up here again.

When Muragh's skull is on the table (or a simi

larly smooth surface), it can move enough to turn to

face different directions. Besides this, the skull of

Muragh has no powers. Muragh normally would be

able to use priestly powers, but Amaunator replaced

his patron, Lathander, and the stubborn cleric refuses

to acknowledge a new face to his deity, leaving him

powerless.

Muragh has 10 hit points and defenses 10. If a

character carries the skull, Muragh uses the charac

ter's defenses and gains temporary hit points at the

start of each encounter equal to the character's heal

ing surge value.

Roleplay

Muragh pleads with the heroes to take him along on

their adventures, if only so he can see some other

room. He'd like nothing better than to go to the sur

face  and see the sun shine again.

However, Muragh is an irascible and fussy

companion. He makes for a good guard when the

adventurers rest; otherwise, he's quick to sarcastically

7 4.  Falling Stair

Exploration Encounter

This stairway was once enchanted to collapse in a

mass of stone when living creatures approached,

making it seem impassible. However, an hour later,

the collapsed stone would magically return to its

original position, allowing passage. The magic has

changed slightly.

When the characters approach the stairs, read:

A lon9 stairway ascends steeply into dark.ness. Suddenly,

the wound be9ins to tremble! A creakin9 and woaninB on

the stairway erupts above you. As dust slides toward you,

the creakinB turns into a deafeninB rumble.

Finally, three marble-sized pebbles bounce down the

stairs and roll to a stop at your feet.

Features: The pebbles are all that is left of the

great avalanche of stone that once blocked these

stairs. The audible components of the magic still

work, but the stone components h ave been removed

or have disintegrated over time. If the characters stay

here for an hour, they see the pebbles roll back up the

stairs and float to the ceiling to await the next crea

tures that approach.

Characters can climb the long stairway with no

problems. Eventually, they reach the Citadel of the

Bloody Hand (page 6). What they find there is up to

you.

75. Whitehelm's Tomb

Trap/Hazard Encounter Levell (125 XP) and

Combat Encounter Levell (600 XP)

This area consists of two distinct sections: the lower

chambers (Areas 75A-75C) and the upper chambers

(Areas 75D and 75E).

When the characters reach the hallway marked

"75 " on the map, read:

The hallway heads north and then bends to the east.

Features: Thirty feet south of where the hallway

bends east toward Area 75D is a trap, specifically

a 10-foot-square section of floor with a magical

effect on it. When a creature steps into that area, the

10-foot-square section of floor suddenly vanishes,

dropping the creature and anything else in that

space into another hallway 10 feet below (Area 75A).

Within seconds, the floor soundlessly reappears,

ENCOUNTER  ARE A S  [  75.  Whitehehn's  Tomb

becoming the ceiling of the lower hallway. This lower

hallway leads west to Area 75B.

Vanishing Floor

Area

Detect Arcana or Thievery DC  20

Immune attacks

TRIGGERED AcnoNs

Effect + At: Will

Level  2 Trap

XP  125

Initiative -

Triaaer:  A creature steps on the 1 0-foot-square trapped section

offloor.

Effect (Immediate Reaction): The trapped section of floor disap

pears. Any creature or object on the floor falls  10 feet, taking

1 d1 0 damage and falling prone in Area  75A. The vanishing

floor immediately rematerializes.

CouNTERMEASURES

+Disable: Arcana or Thievery DC 20 (standard action). Require

ment: The character must be adjacent to the trapped section

of floor. Success: The trap is disabled for 10 minutes.

75A.  Lower  Hallway

The eastern end of this hall lies directly underneath

the vanishing floor trap. A short staircase ascends to

Area 75B.

7 5 B.  Lower Crypt

When the characters enter Area 75B, read:

This room is filled with fourteen short,  wide sarcophaai.

The coffins' lids have been removed or shattered. From

inside the open coffins, you hear scratchina sounds.

Creatures: Six dire rats (Monster Vault,  page 298)

scrounge for food in some of the empty coffins. When

they notice the characters, they leap from the coffins

and attack, saliva trailing from their jaws.

Features: Although everything of value has

been looted from this area, the sarcophagi and what

remains of their stone lids tell a story.

The lids are carved to resemble the dwarves whose

bodies once rested inside the coffins. One lid reads,

''Ardheg, son ofBulmi, Shield ofBereg Whitehelm"

in Dwarven. The lids all refer to the dwarves as

"Shields" or "Honored Axes" ofBereg Whitehelm.

A DC 20 History check reveals that to the best

of the characters' knowledge, a Whitehelm clan of

dwarves has never been associated with this area. If

the heroes are lugging around Muragh (see Area 73),

he knows nothing about Whitehelm either. While

the sarcophagi honor the resting places of some of

Whitehelm's most trusted lieutenants, Whitehelm's

tomb is not here.

A raised dais in the western part of the chamber

.is empty. A one-way secret door leading to a hallway

that runs behind this crypt can be found with a DC

20 Perception check. A passage in the northeast

corner of the room leads toward Area 75C.

75C.  Twisting  Passage

When the characters reach the easternmost sec-

tion of this twisting passage, read:

Aaranite statue depictina a stern, armored dwarf stands

aaainst the west wall at the southernmost end of this hall-

way. The dwarfh~fts a Iarae axe andalares at the eastern  ~

wall directly across from him.

~

z

Vl

~

CC:

<r:

~

0

When one or more characters move adjacent to

the statue, read:

The statue's lips suddenly move, and a voice says in

Common, "Disturb not the rest of those who served Berea

Whitehelm, or the axes of the dwarves will seek you out

and fall upon you."

Features: The eastern wall across from the statue

holds a secret door that can be found with a DC 15

Perception check. Despite the statue's magical warn

ing, it can do no harm.

75D.  Upper Temple

When the adventurers reach Area 75D, read:

This larae chamber has a 60joot-hiah ceilina. Its stone

floor is hiahly polished, reflectina your liaht briahtly

throuahout the room. A raised dais dominates the cham

ber's northeastern corner.

A larae altar on the dais rests aaainst the center of the

chamber's  eastern wall. It is a plain stone block, 10 feet

lona, 5 feet wide, and 4 feet hiah. Its top is smooth, contain

ina no etchinas or dedications to any deity. At either end of

the altar, two stony protrusions end in candleholders. Two

unlit white candles rest within them.

An exquisitely crafted, 20joot-square tapestry hanas on

the east wall, north of the altar. It shows no sians of fad ina,

and not one thread is displaced. The tapestry depicts a

white draa on rearina back, as if ahout to strike.

Features: If the characters light both candles,

the secret door behind the tapestry grinds open. The

door is otherwise difficult to detect (DC 30 Percep

tion check). The secret door leads to Area 75E.

Treasure: The tapestry is large and unwieldy. In

Waterdeep, it could fetch up to 400 gp.

75E.  Whitehelm's Tomb

If the characters enter Area 75E, read:

You see two short halls. The one to the east ends in a wall

upon which an e!eaant mirror hanas. The hall to the south

houses a dwarfsized sarcophaaus made of plain stone and

adorned with Davek script .

Features: In Davek script, the sarcophagus's lid

reads, "Here lies Bereg Whitehelm. May the world

never know of his heroism in saving us all." The sar

cophagus is empty.

ENCOUNTER  AREAS  I  75.  Whitehelm's  Tomb

Treasure: The mirror could fetch 100 gp in a

Waterdeep market.

Plot

The meaning of the cryptic message is up to you.

Whitehelm could be a hero from a faraway land

who was buried here thanks to a portal in the mirror.

The threat he helped avert could be anything, and

the threat could be something that is about to rear its

head again.

Whitehelm might have been part of a secret orga

nization that monitored a terrible threat, hoping to

keep it forever contained. If the characters bring the

mirror or tapestry out ofUndermountain, the object's

appearance could signal trouble to this secret group,

and the watchers might mistakenly assume the char

acters are part of that brewing threat.

76. Downshadow

Exploration Encounter

These caverns were once the lair of a dragon, but it

fled Undermountain and has not returned. Since

then, this vast cave complex has come to be known

as Down shadow. Here the dregs of society live and

mingle.

If you have no money, if you're hiding from the law,

if you face persecution for your beliefs or your appear

ance, or if you suffer from a disease others fear, you

can find a home in this cave with others as unfortu

nate as yourself. Despite (or perhaps because of) the

shared miseries of the individuals in Downshadow, it

is a lawless and frightening place to live. The strong

often prey on the weak. Thievery is commonplace,

murder is all too common, and other vile acts are

performed with impunity. While not everyone in

Downshadow is ruthless and selfish, enough are so

that everyone is suspicious of one another.

The population of this Waterdeep "neighbor

hood" fluctuates. Given Downshadow's rash of

disappearances and the fear that has engendered,

the community's population is at its lowest in years.

While everyone knows monsters sometimes prey

on individuals in the cave and solo travelers who go

into Undermountain passages do so at their own risk,

lately even large groups have vanished.

Creatures: Virtually any creature might come

to live in the large cavern now that Downshadow's

population has diminished so severely. Of course,

some residents might be monsters, too-either crea

tures in disguise, such as doppelgangers, or members

of the more-or-less civilized races, such as orcs. What

threats they present is up to you.

Features: A rope lift in the most southwestern

cavern of the large cave leads up to the Knight 'n'

Shadow tavern (page 8) in Waterdeep. Most current

Downshadow residents live near here in ramshackle

homes built out of scraps scavenged from Waterdeep

alleys and Undermountain rooms.

Plot

The characters might find solace among Downshadow

residents, or they might encounter dangers. If they seek

a way out ofUndermountain, the rope lift up to the

Knight 'n' Shadow, albeit unreliable, could provide it.

The half-ore who runs the lift pulls up the rope at the

first sign of trouble, and the Knight 'n' Shadow workers

bar the tunnel after he comes up to warn them.

If the adventurers spend any significant time talk

ing to Downshadow residents, they hear about folk

disappearing from the larger cavern and of a malady

of madness befalling some people oflate. When

an individual shows signs of madness, he or she is

banished to the larger cavern and left to the wilds

ofUndermountain. If the heroes look into either of

these hooks, they can follow signs of struggle and an

old trail of blood to Area 77.

77. Ghaunadaur Gone

Combat Encounter Level Varies (3,650 XP total)

A cult of Ghaunadaur (god of oozes, outcasts, and

rebels) inhabited these chambers long ago. The cult

ists sought to overthrow the Lords ofWaterdeep,

but their dreams ended in an orgy of offerings to

Ghaunadaur. The cult had split into two factions,

each seeking to outdo the other by offering opposing

members as sacrifices to oozes.

Although that cult is long gone, oozes still occupy

the area, and a new threat has arisen. Crazed dwarf

worshipers of the Elder Elemental Eye-a demonic

power of the elements intent on destruction-have

discovered a portal to this area and have begun set

ting up a base of operations. The dwarves plans to

spread terror and destruction by using the Abyssal

plague (page 96) to turn every creature they can

catch into a demon.

Creatures: Area 77's three large conjoined cham

bers (which lead to Areas 77A,  77B, and 77D) serve

as lairs for twelve plague demon chaos footsoldiers

(page 96), deformed humanoids that have blade-like

crystalline protrusions rising from their backs. These

creatures were once people ofDownshadow, but they

are now beings of madness and carnage. To prevent

the demons from attacking each other, the dwarves

have put them in sturdy wooden crates with padlocks

on them (Thievery DC 16 to unlock). If the dwarves

in Area 77 A hear sounds of battle, they head out to

release the demons from their crates, and the mon

sters converge on the fighting.

Features: Characters following the trail of old

blood from Area 76 can track it east, all the way to

ENCOUNTER  AREAS  I  77.  Ghaunadaur  Gone

Area 77F. Characters who happen upon this cham

ber from elsewhere can find the trail with a DC 13

Perception check.

77 A.  Living  Quarters

These conjoined chambers serve as the dwarves'

living quarters.

Creatures: Two dwarfbolters (page 94) and a

dwarf hammerer (page 94) rest here, oiling chains

and m ending nets they use to capture people.

Each of the dwarves wears a key on a string

around his or her neck. These keys open the locks on

the crates used to hold the plague demons in Area 77

as well as the prisoners' manacles in Area 77F.

77B. Temple  of Ghaunadaur

This area was the Ghaunadaur worshipers' main

temple.

When the characters enter the room, read:

A lO foot-wide square pit occupies the middle of this room.

Smoke from a half dozen ensconced torches partly obscures

the 20foot-high ceiling. An altar of translucent, polished

green crystal stands in the western alcove.

If they peer into the pit, add:

The pit is 20 feet deep and filled with yellowish strands of

sticky slime. Some of the strands begin to move.

Ghaunadaur cultists used to hurl sacrifices into the

pit. Offerings of any organic matter sufficed, but

living, thinking, and screaming beings were best.

Creatures: Three ochre jellies (Monster Vault,

page 220) cling to the inside walls of the pit. The

oozes were drawn here from elsewhere in the dun

geon when the dwarves lit the torches in the room.

The dwarves have learned to propitiate the jellies

with offerings of food each time they pass through

the chamber. If the adventurers enter and leave this

chamber without tossing something organic in the

pit, the ochre jellies emerge and follow, intent on

making the heroes their meal.

Features: Behind the altar is a secret door leading

to Area 77C. It can be detected with a DC 15 Percep

tion check. The altar itself is unremarkable.

77C.  Secret Corridor

A secret door (DC 15 Perception check to spot) hides

this hallway from casual discovery.

' When the characters reach the end of the hall

way, read:

The hallway comes to a dead end. Set into the back wall is a

stone archway with a different rune inscribed upon each of

its thirty blocks of stone.

Features: During the cult of Ghaunadaur's

heyday, cultists managed to turn this Undermountain

portal into a permanent link to another temple to

Ghaunadaur hidden far to the east, in the Heartlands

near the border to Cormyr. The arch bears thirty

runes; the proper eight runes must be pressed in the

right sequence to awaken the portal's magic. Thereaf

ter, it remains open for  1 hour or until the sequence is

pressed in reverse. Each time a rune stone is touched

out of sequence, the creature touching it takes 2dl0 +

5 psychic damage.

-~

0

77D.  Ritual Chambers

The Ghaunadaur worshipers once used these dusty

chambers for mysterious rites, until they became a

battleground between the cult's two factions.

Features: Smashed doors lie in doorways, ancient

stone shelves ofbooks have collapsed into rubble and

been cleaned of their moldering books by oozes, and

carvings of a great staring eye (Ghaunadaur's symbol)

have been scarred by battle. A wide path cleared by

oozes moves through the dust until it reaches the

caves in Area 77E.

Treasure: The chamber farthest to the east in this

area holds a treasure the oozes could not dissolve and

the dwarves have not yet found. It is a suit of +2 chain

mail of acid resistance (Adventurer's Vault, page 41).

77E.  Ooze  Home?

The dwarves hurry their captives through this area,

pushing them ahead or pulling them along from the

middle of the group.

LINK TO  D&D  ENCOUNTERS

If you a re running this adventure as an adjunct to The

Elder Elemental Eye season of D&D  ENCOUNTERS,  you

can  link the portal  in  Area  77C directly to  a  portal

in  the  Sunset Shrine  (where  t he  D&D  ENcouNTERS

adventure takes place). Without so me clue or assis

t ance,  t he  heroes  are  unlikely to guess  the  proper

seq uence needed to open t he  porta l from  this side.

They might  be able to coerce or trick a dwarf cultist

into  reveali ng the  correct sequence or o pen ing the

portal  on t heir behalf.  The crazed  dwarves will  not

give  up this  secret will ingly, though,  a nd  none  has

a reason to ret urn to t he other tem ple  right away.

At  your  disc retion,  the  porta l  might  be  keyed

to  other  locati ons  in  Unde rmounta in  o r  beyond .

Furthermore,  t he  adventurers  might find  a  scra p

of parchment  elsewhere  in  Unde rmounta in  that

desc ribes  the  sequence  needed  to  activate  th e

portal.

ENCOUNTER  AREAS  I  77.  Ghaunadaur  Gone

79.  Long Dark Stair

Exploration Encounter

A small chamber sits at the base of a long flight of

steep stairs that seems to rise endlessly upward. This

is the Long Dark Stair, one of the entrances to Under:

mountain's first level (see page 8).

Features: Carved into the wall across from the

stairs is the huge leering face of a bearded man. Its

eyes and mouth are dark orifices backed by hinged

stone doors. In a hidden room behind the face, a crea

ture can open the doors and peer out the carving's

eyes, using gaps in the face's teeth as arrow loops.

The secret doors leading to this hidden room can be

detected with a DC 20 Perception check.

Creatures: Three green slimes (Monster Vault,

page 221) and a gelatinous cube (Monster Vault,  page

222) wander these caves. Occasionally, one of these

monsters snatches a captive, and the dwarves use the

episode as a warning against escape attempts. It is an

effective threat.

On their way out, the dwarves discard dignity and

run, often throwing stones ahead of them to detect

the presence of the nearly invisible gelatinous cube.

77F.  Prison

When the characters enter the northernmost

room, read:

Nearly two dozen prisoners are chained to the walls of this

30joot-square room. Most are humans, halflinss, and

dwarves. Some hobsoblins, kobolds, and lizardfolk are here

as well. All of them look ill, and some of them are covered

with red, crusty patches.

Creatures: The prisoners are chained to the walls

in this room (DC 15 Thievery check to unlock the

chains). There are ten humans, five halflings, three

dwarves, two hobgoblins, two kobolds, and two liz

ardfolk. All suffer from the Abyssal plague (page 96)

and are at various stages of the disease.

Three dwarfbolters (page 94) and two dwarf ham

merers (page 94) occupy the southern chamber. They

carry keys thast unlock the prisoners' chains. If the

adventurers make a lot of noise (by trying to break

the prisoners' chains, for example), the dwarves rush

forth and attack.

Features: The southern room contains a dozen

crude cots sized for dwarves. The wall across from

the entrance is adorned with a large bas-relief of

an unblinking eye. The dwarves have added to this

symbol of Ghaunadaur by drawing flames above the

eye in chalk, making it look more like the symbol of

the Elder Elemental Eye.

Development

If freed, the prisoners want nothing more than to

take the swiftest route out ofUndermountain. How

ever, unless somehow cured, they continue to suffer

from the disease and will eventually die or become

plague demons.

78. Wet Way

Exploration Encounter

This sloping hall is eventually submerged in water.

It is one end of the Wet Way (see page 10), a little

known alternative route between Undermountain

and the Yawning Portal.

ENCOUNTER  AREAS  I  79.  Lon8  Dark  Stair

Monsters  of

Under111ountain

The halls of Underm oumain house countless mon

strous threats . Many crearures spen d their entire lives

in the dungeons' strange ecosystem s, some as lone

hunters in the dark and others in com munities. Other

monsters arrive in  ndermountain from the sur

rounding Underdark, the surface, the ocean  (through

the sea caves con nected to the dungeon's third level),

and the numerous m agic ponals and dimensional

traps that suck in beings from across the worlds. The

enormous variety of creatures available to you means

the sky is the limit when you plan your adventures in

Undermountain.

On the following pages, you'll find some classic

monsters from the original The Ruins of  ndermountain,

including the darktentacles, helmed horror guard, and

scaladar. These monsters appear in this book's three

adventures and its "Infamous Areas" locations, but feel

free to place them wherever you ''ish _

AUTHOR'S NOTE

I've  run adventu res in  Undermountai n many ti mes,

and  many  of  the  most  memora bl e  moments  have

bee n improvised.

Once  when  the  characters  were  resting,  they

heard a knock on the door. (I knocked on the under

side of the table.) An  advent urer hesitantly ope ned

it  and  saw a  severed  hand  lying  on  the floor.  They

had  no  idea  it was a  crawling  claw (page  93 ). The

characters quickly shut the door at this creepy sight.

The next thing the players knew, I was knocking furi

ously with  both hands an d  knees on  the underside

of the table  and  describing the sound  of dozens of

knocking hands on the doo r to their room!

At that point, the heroes grabbed thei r t hings and

tore out another door, beginning a terrified run pell

mell through  Undermountain,  heedless of t riggered

traps and attracted monsters. It ended with a fu rious

run ning  battle agai nst  helmed  ho rror gua rds  (page

91) that literally brought the roof down, cutting the

adventurers off from their ma ny pu rsue rs.

It's a scene my friends still  mention with excite

ment years later, and  it all  stemmed from  a random

e ncounter with a crawling claw.

Matt Sernett

z

~

z

::l

~

0:::

RANDOM

ENCOUNTERS

Undermountain's dangers would not be complete

without the creatures that stalk its echoing halls.

Encounters with such monsters don't have to be

UJ

0

planned, and figures or tokens don't h ave to be placed  z

on the m ap before the adventurers reach them. Just

::l

as the heroes explore the dungeons, so too do the

villains.

u.

0

Vl

0:::

threats that find the characters as they explore or to  w

determine the inhabitants of a chamber the heroes

[";;

enter that Halls ofUndermountain does not detail. You  Z

0

can pick when to roll on the table below or use the

following method: Rollld6 for each six hours oftime  ~

the ch aracter spend in Undermountain. Also rollld6

each time the heroes make a significant amount of

noise (a battle, a character in heavy armor falling into

a pit, and so on) in a hallway or a chamber with an

open door. On a roll of a 1 or 2, rollld20 and consult

the following Random Encounters table.

You can u se random encounters to represent the

RANDOM ENCOUNTERS

d20  Encounter

~ 1

2

3-

1 gree'!.._slim~J&t\'~;211}

1 ochre jelly (MV  220)

1 gelatinous <:ube {JyiV -222)

1 carrion crawler scuttler (MV  32)

=m-=---=J

=--"""1 ~spider swarm  MV  301), __  _

6

1d4 goblin cutthroats (MV 154), 1d4 hobgoblin

battle guards (MV 157), and 1d4 bugbear thugs (MV

159)

1d4 l<obold slingers (MV 180) and 1d4 l<obold

guickblades (MY_1JiQ}~~-

1d4 poisonscale needlers (MV 187), 1d4

poisonscale brawlers (MV  187), and 1d41izardfolk

shockers (page 95)

Downshadow foil< (see Area 76, page 86): 1d4

halfling thieves (MV 169) and 1 d4 lowtown

kneebreakers (~ge 95)

2d4 stirges (MV 259)

1d4 helmed horror guards  ~ge 91

1d4 scaladar (page 92)

1 darktentacle_s (p~gem90)

2d6 crawling claws (page 93)

2d4 dire !~t~JMYJ!~).;;;,._ ____ ~~-ffl"ffl"~"?"*"-,

8

10

'-'-'--'--"'...;....o.o

16  Dwarf kidnappers (see Area  77, page 86): 1 d4

dwarf bolters (page 94) and 1 d4 dwarf hammerers

(page 94)

2d6 zom-.b'--=i-e "'""sh~a~mblers (MV 295

2d6 decrepit skeletons (MV 255)

1d6 scurrying _w._e_r:_~rats (MV 194), _ __ __ _  _.

1  beholder gauth (MV 25)

18

19

20

MV = Monster Vault

MONSTE RS  OF  UND E R MOUNTA I N  I Random.  En c ount e rs

DARKTENTACLES

This many-tentacled horror slithers throu8h swamps and

dark places seekinB prey it can control and devour.

A darktentacles has a black, glistening body it prefers

to keep moist. Its leathery, amorphous bulk is about

the size of an adult cow, but a darktentacles can flat

ten out its mass to easily squeeze through the smallest

of spaces. Its tentacles, which sprout all over its body,

can grow up to 20 feet in length, and they grow back

if severed. A darktentacles can have up to fifty ten

tacles at one time, but usually only about thirty are

fully grown. The creature uses its tentacles to slam,

grasp, constrict, or entrance opponents. It can also

use its tentacles to wield weapons, but only potent

magic weapons wreak more havoc than a darkten

tacles's many appendages.

Each tentacle is studded with many small eyes,

and at no moment in a darktentacles's life are all its

eyes closed. Each eye is shielded with a transparent,

tough membrane. When alive and moist, these extra

eyelids are thick and have a leathery texture. After

a darktentacles dies and dries out, its lids become

thin and hard, stiffening into a crystalline substance

that remains as transparent as glass. The hundreds

of odd lenses and several dozen tiny teeth are all that

remain of a darktentacles corpse after it disintegrates

and its ichor leaches away.

Servants of Aberrant Masters: Darktentacles

have been wandering Faen1n for centuries, but they

have their origins in the Far Realm. For reasons

understood only to aberrant beings, darktentacles are

still beholden to old codes ofbehavior and servitude.

More powerful aberrant creatures, such as aboleths,  '

mind flayers,  and beholders, can command darkten

tacles to do their bidding.

Mysterious Minds: A darktentacles prefers to live

a solitary existence in a marsh or dank cavern, hunt

ing alone and being its own master. Despite lacking

contact with others of its kind for decades at a time

and often going without speaking to any thinking

beings for  similarly lengthy periods, a darktentacles'

evil intelligence remains sharp. When an opportu

nity presents itself, a darktentacles uses its intellect to

crush the weak and mislead the mighty.

Deceitful Egoists: A darktentacles is confident

in its superiority over all other beings, including the

powerful aberrant beings it must serve if found. The

beast relishes deceiving creatures and making them

seem foolish. A darktentacles commonly leaves a trea

sure in the open to lure victims to it while it remains

hidden. The predator also delights in dominating

creatures when others are distracted.

Darktentades

large aberrant magical beast (aquatic, ooze)

HP 92; Bloodied 46

AC 17,  Fortitude 16, Reflex 14, Will15

Speed 6, swim 6

Immune sleep

Saving Throws +2; Action Points 1

TRAITS

level 3 E1ite Controller

XP 300

Initiative +0

Perception +8

Darkvision, tremorsense 10

'  ~JI:A~oul}d Vision

Enemies can't gain combat advantage by flanking the

darktentacles.

Aquatic

The darktentacles can breathe underwater. In  aquatic combat,

it gains a +2  power bonus to attack rolls against nonaquatic

creatures.

Ooze

While squeezing, the darktentacles moves at full  speed rather

than half speed, it doesn't take the -5  penalty to attack rolls,

and it doesn't grant combat advantage for squeezing.

STANDARD ACTIONS

(i)Tentacle[)rag + At~Will

Attack: Melee 4 (one creature); +6 vs.  Reflex

Hit:  2d6 + 4 damage, and the darktentacles pulls the target up

~ ~~}- ~qua~~-s.

;  ~ Flailing Tel}tacle~ + At:~ill

Attack: Close burst 2 (enemies in  the burst); +8 vs. AC

Hit: 2d6 + 4 damage.

Mesme~lzipg I~lltiJt!es (charm) + R~~harge when first bloodied

Attack: Melee 4 (one creature); +6 vs. Will

Hit; The target is dominated (save ends).

Miss: The target i~ .. i_mmobilized (save ends).

Skills Bluff +8, lnsight\ 8, Ste<tlth +5

Str 17 (+4)

Con14(+3)

Alignment ch<totic evil

Dex 9 (+0)

lnt 13 (+2)

Wis 14(+3)

Ch<t 15 (+3)

languages Common, Deep Speech,

Draconic

Helmed Horror Goard

Medium nattll'al animate (.:onstruct)

HP 41; Bloodied 20

AC  18, Fortitude 15, Reflex 11 , Will14

Speed 6, fly  6 (hover)

Immune charm, disease, fear,  poison, sleep

TRAITS

l  A.r.;ane Absorption

tevell Soldier

XP 125

Initiative +2

Perception +8

Darkvision

The horror can be made immune to up to four arcane attack

powers at the time of its creation. When such a power is  used on

the horror, the power's only effect on the horror is to grant it 5

temporary hit points.

StANDARD ACTIONS    -

L.<D Greatsword (fire, weapon);t At\11(111

Attack: Melee 1 (one creature); +7 vs. AC

Hit: 1 d1 0 + 5 damage. The horror can choose to deal fire

damage instead of untyped damage.

 ~ ~XS'~~J:ls>Wl'!Y1J POn) +At-Will

Attack: Ranged  15/ 30 (one creature); +7 vs. AC

Hit:  2d8 damage.

TRIGGERED ACTIONS

[  Enchanted Strike (fire, teleportation) + Recharge when first



bloodied

Triaaer: An  enemy is  hit by the horror's attack.

Effect (Free Action): The triggering enemy takes 2d6 fire  damage,

and the horror teleports itself and the triggering enemy up to

10 squares. The triggering enemy ends this movement adja

cent to the horror.

z

;  Str 16 (+4)

Con 17(+4)

Alignment unaligned

Equipment greatsword, crossbow, 20 bolts

Dex 9 (+0)

lnt 5 (-2)

languages Common

HELMED  HORROR

GUARD

A sinsle-minded automaton, a helmed horror auard

looks like a plate-armor-clad warrior. In reality, thoush,

it is empty armor that masicalforces hold tosether and

animate.

Though a helmed horror is more intelligent and pow

erful than a helmed horror guard, the latter's great

appeal is in its purity of purpose. It exists solely to

serve the wishes of the wizard who created it. Long

after the death of its creator, a helmed h orror guard

continues to follow its orders, sometimes stretching

the interpretation of those com mands so it can con

tinue to act on its master's beh al

Created by Wizar ds to Kill Wizards: When

a mage crafts a helmed horror guard, he or she can

infuse the construct with an immun ity to a handful

of spells. When used against the automaton, those

arcane attacks empower it instead. H alaster created

the first helmed horror guards to test h is apprentices.

The Mad Mage chose to make the constructs immune

to his apprentices' favorite spells. W hen the Seven

came to understand these creation s, they began

making helmed horror guards that were immune to

their enemies' common spells. Today, many wizards

make their helmed horror guards immune to their

own area attacks, allowing the helmed horror guards

to stand safely in the area of a fireball or thunderwave.

A helmed horror guard's ability to use enchanted

strike while aloft makes it a particular bane to wiz

ards.lt can fly above a wizard 's blocking allies , strike

a savage blow against the spell caster, and teleport

away with the wizard in tow. In such cases, a helmed

horror guard tries to remain out of reach of sum

moned creatures and the wizard 's fretful friends ,

giving the construct the chance to duel the wizard,

sword against staff.

Bound by Command: A helmed horror guard

obeys its creator without question. Devoid of ambi

tion or emotion, it is an ideal guardian. The construct

is fearless and, beyond its orders,  can not be mentally

controlled or influenced. A helmed horror guard

often remains in service long after its master's death.

When programmed during its creation to do so, a

helmed horror guard will avenge a slain creator.

In some cases, a helmed horror guard's orders

allow it autonomy in the absence of commands.

Indeed, if not specifically ordered to cease existing at

its creator's death or behest, the construct continues

~perating until it is destroyed. A guard's creator can

also give it unchangeable orders under which it must

operate. However, dangerous loopholes in commands

could jeopardize a guard's loyalty. Thus , wording an

unchangeable order is a delicate task.

M O N STERS  OF  U N DERMO U NTAIN  I H e lmed  Horror  Guard

for  certain materials or creatures to bring to a par

ticular location, or kill every creature it encounters.

If someone can discern the general nature of

a scaladar's orders, it's possible to manipulate the

construct. For example, a scaladar commanded to

destroy all creatures could have its attention drawn to

or away from a particular target.

Ring of Trobriand

Trobriand crafted magic rings that grant their wear

ers control over the scaladar, a power Trobriand's

master ring can always wrest away.

Level -S Rare

'

Ring of Trobriand

This old, heavy iron band is free of rust. It bears a tiny etchina

of what appears to be a scorpion tail.

Ring Slot

Properties

1,000 gp

+When a scaladar hits you with an attack, it becomes dazed

(save ends).

+You gain a +2 power bonus to all  defenses against the

attacks of constructs.

::Y Attack Power +  Encounter (Standard Action)

Attack: Ranged  10 (one construct); +8 vs. Will

Hit: The target is dominated until the end of your next turn. If

the target is a scaladar or another ofTrobriand's creations, it

is dominated (save ends).

Scaladar

Level 4 Soldier

large natural animate (construct)

XP  175

HP 44; Bloodied 22

Initiative +S

AC  20, Fortitude 17, Reflex 14, Will16

Perception +4

Darkvision

Speed 6

Immune charm, disease, force,  lightning, poison; Resist 10 acid, 5

cold, 5 fire

TRAITS

L~mP~vvering Lightning {ligh!:l2i!lgLw~~

When the scala dar is  subjected to lightning damage, its sting

deals 2d6 extra lightning damage until the end of its next turn.

,......  ~- 

L EorcltAI;)sQrptlon .

-~ '

Each time the scala dar is subjected to force damage, it gains 5

temporary hit points.

STANDARD ACTIONS

~  G) !-;laVIf .~A!:~iiL ____ ,

Attack: Melee 2 (one creature); +9 vs. AC

Hit:  1d6 + 4 damage, and the scaladar grabs the target (escape

DC14).

f~Jil'!g(lighJning)-+At~\\li~~-~--~---~~-

Attack: Melee 1 (one creature); +9 vs. AC

Hit: 1 d6 + 4 damage, and ongoing 5 lightning damage (save

ends.

Str 19 (+6)

Con 15 (+4)

Alignment unaligned

D;x l2 (+3)

lnt 1 (: 3)

languages~

SCALADAR

Some of these metal scorpions lurch throu3h Undermoun

tain slayin& anythin& that crosses their paths. Others,

meanwhile, flee conflict, skitterin& purposely ahead as they

fulfill their prowammed objectives.

Trobriand, one ofHalaster's most powerful appren

tices, created these scorpion-like constructs. They've

stalked the halls ofUndermountain for centuries.

Since so many scaladar have been destroyed, schol

ars conclude Trobriand must have created hundreds,

if not thousands, of the things. If tavern talk can be

believed, an entire level ofUndermountain is teeming

with Trobriand's constructs. Those in the know-and

in their cups-assure listeners that the metal crea

tures are creating more of themselves without any aid

from their master, whom they say is surely long dead.

Metal Master: Trobriand possessed a great

mastery of metals, often surpassing the skills of the

long-dead archwizards of Myth Drannor. Obsessed

with constructs and spells that could manipulate

metals, Trobriand's mania led him to make a pas

time of creating scaladar. Now these creatures clank

through the echoing halls ofUndermountain, pursu

ing whatever orders they were last given.

Command Controlled: Each scaladar's assign

ment is unique, and all follow commands of some

kind. A scaladar might guard an area or object, hunt

MONSTERS  OF  UNDERMOUNTAIN  I  Scaladar

APPENDIX:

MONSTER STATISTICS

Statistics for m onsters that appear in this adventure

but don't appear in Jfonsrer \aulr are collected here

for ease of reference.

Bat

Shadowhunter Bat

Medium shadow beast

HP 38; Bloodied 19

AC  17, Fortitude 14, Reflex 17,

Speed 2 (clumsy), fl y 8

Level  3  Lurker

XP 150

Initiative +9

Perception +7

Darkvision

11



I      I

!

.<1) Tail  Slash +  At-Will

Attack: Melee  1 (one creat.ure  - 8 vs. AC

Hit:  1 d6 + 4 damage. In dim ligln or darkness, a shadowhunter

bat gains a +2  bonus to the atGJdc: roll and  deals 6 extra

damage.

~Flyby Attack+ At-Will

Effect: The shadowhunter ba1: Hies up to 8 squares uses tail slash

at any point during t hat movemenL The bat doesn 't provoke

opportunity attacks when moving av.-ay from  the target of the

attack.

Skills Stealth + 10

Str 13 (+2)

Con 14 (+3)

Alignment unaligned

Dex 18 1- 5

lnt 2 (-3 1

Wis 13 (+2)

Cha 11  (+1)  _,_~cd

\/)

u

r

\1)

~ \/)

\1)

0::

WJ

r

z

0

~

><

Ci

z

WJ

0..

0..

<

Dr ow

Drow Spellspinner

Medium fey  humanoid, drow

HP 64; Bloodied 32

AC  22, Fortitude 18, Reflex 21, Will21

Speed 6

STANDARD AcTIONS

(f) Spellshock Rod (implement, lightning) +  At-Will

Level 8  Artillery

XP 350

Initiative +6

Perception+5

Darkvision

Attack: Melee  1 (one creature); + 13 vs. AC

Hit: 2d8 + 7 lightning damage, and the drow pushes the target

up to 2 squares.

@ Dark Bolt (implement, lightning, necrotic  +  At"'"-W=--il'-"''1 __ _

Attack: Ranged  20 (one creature);+ 13  vs. Reflex

Hit: 2d8 + 2 lightning damage, and ongoing 5 necrotic damage

(save ends).

~Lightning Web (implement, lightning) +  Encounter

Attack: Close blast 5 (creatures in the blast); + 11  vs.  Reflex

Hit: The target is  immobilized and takes ongoing 10 lightning

damage (save ends both).

Miss: The target is slowed and takes ongoing 5 lightning damage

(save ends both).

1U.Niij41t.J}b

l Levitate +  Encounter

Effect: The drow flies up to 4 squares vertically and hovers there

until the end of its next turn. When the levitation ends, the

drow descends safely to the ground, without taking falling

damage.

Sustain Move: The levitation persists until the end of the drow's

next turn, and it can fly  up to 3 squares vertically and 1 square

Languages-

horizontal!}'~";~~~

Crawling Claw

Crawling Claw

Tiny natural animate (undead )

HP 1; a missed attack never damages a minion.

AC  15, Fortitude 12, Reflex 13, Will 10

Speed 8, climb 4

Immune disease, poison; Resist 5 necrotic

TRAITS

Hampering Claws

Level 1  Minion Skirmisher

XP 25

Initiative +5

Perception +0

Tremorsense 10

When a creature starts its tum adjacent to at least three claws,

the creature is slowed  until the start of its next turn.

STANDARD AcTIONS

<D jumping Claw +  At-Will

Attack: Melee 1 (one creature); +4 vs. Reflex

Hit: 4 damage.

MovE AcnoNs

Digit Slide+ Encounter

Effect: The claw shifts up to 8 squares.

Skills Stealth +8

Str 3 (-4)

Con 13 (+1)

Alignment unaligned

Dex 16 (+3)

lnt 3 (-4)

Wis 10(+0)

Cha 6 (-2)

Languages-

Skills Arcana+ 12, Dungeoneering + 10, Stealth + 11

Str 10 (+4)

Con 10 (+4)

Alignment evil

Equipment: robes, rod  implement

Dex 1S (+6)

lnt 17 (+7)

Languages Common, Elven

Wis 13 (+5)

Cha;;..1;;,;;6~(+ .... 7.,_,) ___  _

Drow Stinger

Medium fey humanoid, drow

HP 73; Bloodied 36

AC  20, Fortitude 17, Reflex 19, Will17

Speed 6

STANDARD AcTIONS

l <D Short Sword (weapon)+ At-Will

Level 6  Skirmisher

XP  250

Initiative + 10

Perception +9

Darkvision

Effect: The drow shifts up to 3 squares before or after the attack.

Attack: Melee 1 (one creature); + 11  vs. AC

Hit: 2d6 + 8 damage, or 3d6 + 8 if the drow has combat advan

tage against the target.

f Sword Flourish +  Recharge [ZJ [ll

Effect: The drow uses s.hort sword twice, then gains a +2 power

bonus to AC until the start of its next turn.

Cloud of Darkness~P!l!l) +  ~ru:!lll_n!er

Effect: Close burst 1. The burst creates a zone that lasts until the

end of the drow's next turn. The zone blocks line of sight for all

creatures except the drow. While entirely within the zone, any

creature other than the drow is  blinded.

Skills Acrobatics+ 13, Athletics+ 10, Stealth+ 13

Str 15 (+S)

Con 17 (+6)

Alignment unaligned

Equipment leather armor, short sword

Wis 12 (+4)

Cha 17 (+6)

Languages Common, Elven

Dex 21  (+8)

lnt 13 (+4)

APPENDI X :  MONSTER  STATISTICS  I Drow

Half-Elf

Market Green Grifter

Medium natural humanoid, half-elf

HP 28; Bloodied 14

AC  16, Fortitude 13, Reflex 14, Will15

Speed 6

TRAITS

River Rat Tactics

Level 2 Lurker

XP 115

Initiative +7

Perception + 1,

The grifter has combat advantage against any enemy that is

adjacent to at least one of the grifter's allies.

STANDARD ACTIONS

CD Short SwordJ'::Y~_apon) +At-Will

Attack: Melee 1 (one creature); +7 vs. AC

Hit:  1d6 + 4  damage.

Play Dead (charm) +  Recharge when the grifter uses back from

the dead

Requirement: The grifter must have taken damage during the

encounter.

Effect: The grifter falls prone. Until the start of its next turn, it

gains a +5 power bonus to all  defenses against close attacks

and area attacks, and enemies think it is dead . An enemy

cannot make a melee attack or a ranged attack against the

grifter unless that enemy succeeds on a DC  20 Insight check as

a minor action.

~-rBack from the Dead+ Recharge when the grifter us;~ -pl~y

dead

Requirement: The grifter must be prone.

Effect: The grifter stands up, shifts up to 3 squares, and uses

short sword three times against one enemy. Each of these

attacks deals half damage on a miss.

TRIGGERED  AcTIONS

The Jig Is Up -t Encounter

Triaaer: The grifter drops to 0  hit points.

Effect (Immediate Interrupt): The grifter instead has 1 hit point.

If the grifter is  prone, it stands up.  In  addition , the grifter can

shift up to 3 squares.

Skiii~ Bluff +9, Diplomacy +9, Insight +"6,  Stealth +8,

5treetwise +9

Str12(+2)

Con 10 (+1)

Alignment unaligned

Equipment leather armor, short sword

Dex 14(+3)

Jnt 13 (+2)

Languages Common

Wis 10(+1)

Cha 17 (+4)

Dwarf

Dwarf Bolter

Medium natural humanoid

HP 46; Bloodied 23

AC  18, Fortitude 16, Reflex 16, Will14

Speed 5

TRAITS

Aimed Shot

Level 4 Artillery

XP 175

Initiative +5

Perception +8

Low-light vision

The bolter gains a +1  bonus to attack rolls and deals 1d6 extra

damage with ranged attacks against creatures that have no

cover.

Stand the Ground

The bolter can move 1 square fewer than the effect specifies

when subjected to a pull, push, or slide.

Steady-Footed

The bolter can make a saving throw to avoid falling  prone when

an attack would knock it prone.

~i;Uiti;liiMt

CitWarhammer (weapon)+ At-Will

Attack: Melee 1 (one creature); +9 vs. AC

Hit: 1d10 + 4  damage.

0,2 Crossbow (weapon)+ At-Will

Attack: Ranged  30 (one creature); + 10 vs. AC

Hit: 2d8 + 3 damage.

St;T4(+4)

Con 16 (+5)

Alignment unaligned

Equipment chainmail, warhammer, crossbow, 10 bolts

Dex 16 (+5)

Jnt 11  (+2)

Wis 11 (+3)

Cha 10 (+2)

Languages Common, Dwarven

Dwarf Hammerer

Medium natural humanoid

HP 64; Bloodied 32

AC 13, Fortitude 18, Reflex 15 , Will17

Speed 5

Level 5 Soldier

XP 100

Initiative +4

Perception +4

Low-light vision

TRAITS

r stand the Ground

The hammerer can move 1 square fewer than the effect speci

fies when subjected to a pull, push, or slide.

Steady-Footed

The hammerer can make a saving throw to avoid falling prone

when an attack would knock it prone.

STANDARD ACTIONS

CD Warhammer (weapon)+ At-Will

Attack: Melee 1 (one creature); + 10 vs. AC

Hit:  2d10 + 3 damage.

::r~IIJrowing Hammer (weapon)+ At-Will

Attack: Ranged  5/10 (on e creature); + 10 vs.  AC

Hit:  2d6 + 5 damage.

MINOR ACTIONS

+Shield Bash +  Recharge [;il [1]

Requirement: The hammerer must be wielding a shield.

Attack: Melee 1 (one creature); +8 vs.  Fortitude

Hit:  2d6 + 5 damage, and the hammerer eithe r knocks the

target prone or pushes it  1 square.

TRIGGERED  AcTIONS

+stubborn+ At-Will

Triaaer: An  enemy tries to push the hammerer or knock it prone.

Effect (Immediate Interrupt): The hammerer makes a melee basic

attack against the triggering enemy.

st~i7 (+5)

Con 16 (+5)

Alignment unaligned

Equipment plate armor, heavy shield, warhammer,

Dex 10 (+2)

lnt 11  (+2)

Wis 14(+4)

Cha 11 (+3)

Languages Common, Dwarven

3 throwing hammers

A PPE N DI X:  M O N ST E R  STA TISTI CS  [ Dwarf

N

'

Human

Lowtown Kneebreaker

Medium natural humanoid, human

HP  56; Bloodied 28

AC  15, Fortitude 16, Reflex 14, Will15

Speed 6

TRAITS

rR~ver Rat Tactics

Level 3  Brute

XP 150

Initiative + 1

Perception +2

The kneebreaker has combat advantage against any enemy that

is adjacent to at least one of the kneebreaker's allies.

STANDARD AcTIONS

CD Club (weapon)+ At-Will

Attack: Melee  1 (one creature); +8 vs. AC

Hit:  2d6 + 7 damage.

t Crippling Strike (weapon) +  Recharge !In

Attack: Melee  1 (one creature); +8 vs. AC

Hit: 3d6 + 10 damage, and the target is slowed (save ends).

Miss:  Half damage.

t ~iver R;t;s Gambit +  Encounter

Requirement: The kneebreaker must be bloodied.

Effect: The kneebreaker uses club. If the attack hits, the target

takes 2d6 extra damage. If the attack misses, the knee breaker

takes 1d6 damage.

Skills Athletics +9, Intimidate+ 6, Streetwise +6

Str 17 (+4)

Con16(+4)

Alignment unaligned

Equipment club

Dex 10 (+1)

lnt9(+0)

Languages Common

Wis 12 (+2)

Cha11(+1)

Kobold

Kobold Wyrmpriest (Acid)  Level 3 Artillery (Leader)

XP 150

Small natural humanoid (re ptile)

Initiative +4

HP 36 ; Bloodied 18

AC  17, Fortitude 13, Reflex 15, Will15

Perception +4

Darkvision

Speed 6

TRAITS

,  Trap Sense

The kobold  has a +2 bonus to all  defenses against traps.

STANDARD AcTIONS

CD Spear (weapon) +  At-Will

Attack: Melee 1 (one creature); +7 vs. AC

Hit: 1 d8 + 4 damage.

::Y~Energy Orb (acid) +  At-WiD

Attack: Ranged  10 (one creatu re); +6 vs.  Reflex

Hit: 2d6 + 4 acid damage.

~ Dragon Breath (acid  +  Encounter

Attack: Close blast 3  creamres in the blast); +6 vs.  Fortitude

Hit:  2d6 + 4 acid damage.

Miss: Half damage.

MINOR ACTIONS

Sllifty +  At-Will

Effect: The kobold shifts

lneite Faith +  Encounter

Effect:  Close burst 10

gains 5 temporary



action.

"

aDies in the burst). The target

and can shift 1 square as a free

\I)

u

1-

\1)

Lizardfolk

Lizardfolk Fen Spy

Medium natural humanoid (reptile)

HP 41; Bloodied 20

AC  18, Fortitude 14, Reflex 16, Will 15

Speed 6 (swamp walk)

0:

STANDARD AcTioNs

I.IJ

CD Thorn Dagger (poison, weapon)+ At-Will

1--

z

Vl

Attack: Melee 1 (one creature); +9 vs. AC

Hit: 1d8 + 7 poison damage, and the target takes a -2  penalty to  0

::!:

AC  and  Reflex until  the end of the fen spy's next turn.

Level 4  Lurker

XP 175

Initiative +9

Perception +9

~ \1)

@ Fastlight Strike (radiant)+ At-Will

X

Requirement: The fen spy must be invisible.

O

Attack: Ranged 5 (one creature); +7 vs. Will

Hit: 3d6 + 8  radiant damage, and the target is  blinded and takes  Z

ongoing 5 radiant damage (save ends both).

I.IJ

0..

0..

<

Miss: Half damage, and the target is  blinded until the end of its

next turn.

Witchlight Mists + At-Will

Effect: The fen spy becomes invisible until the end of its next

turn or until  immediately after it attacks.

Skills Stealth + 10, Thievery + 10

Dex 17 (+5)

Str 12 (+3)

Con 11  (+ 2)

lnt 7 (+0)

Alignment unaligned

Equipment thorn dagger



Wis 15 (+4)

Cha_9 (+1)

languages Draconic

Lizardfolk Shocker

Medium natural humanoid (reptile)

HP 50; Bloodied 25

AC  19, Fortitude 17, Reflex 19, Will15

Speed 6 (swamp walk)

STANDARD ACTIONS

CD Greatdub (weaJlon) +  At-Will

Level  5 Artillery

XP 200

Initiative +6

Perception +2

Attack: Melee  1 (one creature); + 10 vs. AC

Hit: 1 d6 + 5 damage.

::Y Witch lightning (lightning, radiant} +  At-Will

Attack: Ranged  20 (one creature);+ 10 vs.  Reflex

Hit: 1 d8 + 4 lightning and radiant damage, and each enemy

within  2 squares of the target takes 5 lightning damage.

~~ Ball of lightning (lightl]ing) +  Encounter

Attack: Area  burst 2 within 20 (creatures in the burst); + 10 vs.

Reflex

Hit: 1d8 + 41ightning damage, and ongoing 5 lightning damage

(save ends).

Miss: Half damage.

TRIGGERED  ACTIONS

Sudden jolt (lightning, radiant) +  At-Will

Triaaer: An  enemy within 20 squares of the shocker hits it with

a ranged or an area attack.

Effect (Imm ediate Reaction): Close burst 1 0 (triggering enemy in

the burst). The target takes 5 lightning and radiant damage.

Str 14 (+4)

Con 14 (+4)

Alignment unaligned

Equipment greatclub

Dex 18 (+6)

lnt 8 (+1)

Wis 10 (+2)

Cha 8 (+1)

Languages Draconic

Skills Stealth +9, Thievery - 9

Str 9 (+0)

Con 12 (+2)

Alignment evil

Equipment hide arlllOI".

Dex  6  -4

lot 9  ~

Wis 17 (+4)

Cha 12 (H)

~Com mon, Draconic

mask

APPEND IX :  MONSTER  STATISTI CS  I Lizardfolk

Lycanthrope

jackalwere Deceiver

Medium natural humanoid (shapechanger)

HP 54; Bloodied 27

AC  18, Fortitude 15, Reflex 16, Will16

Speed 6

STANDARD ACTIONS

!  CD Bite +At-Will

Level 4  Controller

XP 175

Initiative +5

Perception +3

Requirement: The deceiver must be in jackal form.

Attack: Melee 1 (one creature); +9 vs. AC

Hit: 1 d6 + 4 damage, and the target fall s prone.

CD Short Sword (weapon) +  At-Will

Requirement: The deceiver must be in  human form.

Attack: Melee 1 (one creature); +9 vs. AC

Hit:  2d6 + 5 damage.

~ Gaze of Sleep (sleep) +  Recharge (3] [j]

Attack: Ranged  5 (one creature); +7  vs. Will

Hit: The target falls unconsciou s (save ends). Whenever the

target takes damage, it can make a saving throw against the

effect.

(~Vicious Howl (thunder)+ At-Will

Requirement: The deceiver must be  in jackal form.

Attack: Close blast 3 (enemies in  blast);  +7 vs.  Fortitude

Hit: 1 d6 + 3 thunder damage, and the target falls  prone.

MINOR ACTIONS

Change Shape (polymorph) +  At-Will

Effect: The deceiver alters its physical form  to appear as a

Medium jackal or a human until it uses change shape aga in or

until  it drops to 0 hit points. The creature retains its statistics

in  its  new form.  Its clothing, armor, and other possessions

do  not change. To assume a specific individual's form, the

deceiver must have seen that individual. Other creatures can

make a DC  26 Insight check to di sce rn that either form  is  a

disguise.

Skills Bluff +10, Diplomacy +10, Insight +8, Streetwise +10

Str 15 (+4)

Con 14(+4)

Alignment evil

Equipment short sword

Wis 13 (+3)

Cha16(+5)

Dex 17 (+5)

lnt14(+4)

languages Common

Plague Demon

Plague Demon

Chaos Footsoldier

Level 5  Minion Soldier

Medium elemental beast (demon)

HP 1; a missed attack never damaged a minion.

AC  21 , Fortitude 19, Reflex 17, Will 1 5

Speed 6

STANDARD AcTIONS

CD Grabbing Claws +At-Will

XP  50

Initiative +6

Perception +7

Darkvision

Attack: Melee 1 (one creature); + 1 0 vs. AC

Hit: 5 damage, and the target is grabbed (escape DC 1 5) if the

plague demon  ~~as no creature grabbed.

+ Bite (disease)+ At-Will

Attack: Melee 1 (one creature grabbed by the plague demon);

+10 vs. AC

Hit: 8 damage. At the end of the encounter, the target makes a

saving throw. On a failure, the target contracts Abyssal  plague

(Ievell ).  _

Str 18 (+6)

Con 18 (+6)

Alignment chaotic evil

Dex 14 (+4)

.  lnt 7 (+0)

languages -

Wis 11  (+2)

Cha 10 (+2)

Abyssal Plague

Level 8  Disease

Those infected by this disease slowly develop oozing sores, blisters,

and growths that appear as crimson crystal laced with veins of

silver and flecks of gold.

Stage 0 : The target recovers from  the disease.

Stage 1: While affected  by stage 1, the target exhibits sores

and growths across 1 0 percent of the body and loses a

healing surge.

Stage 2: While affected by stage 2, the target has sores and

growths over 50 percent of the body and loses a  healing

surge. The target also takes a -2  penalty to AC,  Fortitude,

and Reflex, and is slowed.

Check (Stage 1 or Stage 2): At the end of each extended

rest, the target makes an Endurance check if it is at stage

1 or 2.

11  or Lower: The stage of the disease increases by  1.

12-15: No  change.

16 or Higher: The stage of the disease decreases by 1.

Stage 3: While affected  by stage 3, the target has sores and

growths over 90 percent of the body. The target also takes

a -2 penalty to AC, Fortitude, and Reflex, and is slowed. In

addition, the target becomes increasingly disoriented and

chaotic as the demonic nature of the disease takes hold.

Check (Stage 3): At the end of each extended rest, the

target makes an Endurance check if it is at stage 3.

11  or Lower: The target dies.

12-23: No  change.

24 or Higher: The target transforms into a plague demon

chaos beast.

Rot Grub

Rot Grub Swarm

Med ium  natural beast (swarm)

HP 63; Bloodied 31

AC  15, Fortitude 15, Reflex 14, Wiii1S

Speed 5

Resist half damage from  melee and  ranged attacks; Vulnerable 10

Level 4  Brute

XP 175

Initiative +3

Perception +2

Darkvision

aga inst close and area attacks

TRAITS

0  Swarm Attack+ Aura 1

Any enemy that starts its turn within t he aura takes 5 damage

plus 2 extra damage for each additional rot grub swarm adja

cent !O the enemy.

Swarm

The rot grub swarm can occupy th e sa me space as another crea

ture, and an enemy can enter its space, which is difficult terrain.

The rot grub swarm cannot be pulled, pushed, or slid  by melee or

ranged attacks. It can squeeze t hrough any opening that is  large

enoug~_!? r at least one of the creatures it_c_mprises.

Clumsy Attacker

The rot grub swarm lacks a melee basic attack.

&itiJUQ;UEi4filb

+ Infesting Bite t,~t-Will

Attack:  Melee 1 (one creature); +9 vs. AC

Hit: Ongoing 5 damage (save ends).

J

First Failed Savin& Throw:  Ongoing 10 damage (save ends).

Second Failed Savin& Throw: Ongoing 1 S damage (save ends).

Str 10 (+2)

Con 13 (+3)

Alignment unaligned

Dex 13 (+3)

lnt 2 (-2)

languages-

Wis 11  (+2)

Cha 4 (-1 )

A PP E ND IX :  MONSTE R  S T ATISTI CS  I Ly c ant hrope

EXPLORE

A  DUNGEON

BESET BY PERIL

Beneath  the  city  of Waterdeep,  a  sinister  dungeon  awaits

adventurers brave enough to face  its perils. Created ages  ago

by the  wizard  Halaster,  the  sprawling  dungeon  is  a  lair  for

terrible monsters and ruthless villains. In the dark chambers,

they hunger  for  victims  and  plot the  downfall  of those  who

dwell  on  the  streets  above.  Who  will  unravel  the  twisting

labyrinth to reveal its secrets, claim its treasures, and stop the

foul machinations of the dungeon's denizens?

Halls  of  Undermountain"'  presents  a  ready-to-use  dungeon

detailing over seventy locations. As  well  as  a  tie  to  the  D&D

ENcouNTERs"'  season The Elder Elemental EyeT". In addition, this

book provides the ingredients to  run a classic  dungeon delve,

including enticing treasures, deadly traps, a wide assortment of

monsters, and two double-sided, full-color poster maps.

www.wizards.com/customerservice

1-800-324-6496 or 1-206-624-0933

In USA: Wizards of the Coast LLC, PO Box 707,

Renton WA98057 -0707, USA

In  Europe:  Wizards  of the  Coast I  Hasbro  UK  Ltd.,

PO Box 43, Newport, NP19 4YD, UK

2012 Wizards of the  Coast LLC, PO  Box  707, Renton

WA  98057-0707,  USA  Manufactured  by:  Hasbro SA,

Route de  CourrOLLX  6, 2800 Delemont, CH. Represented

bv:  Hasbro Euroge  2  Roundwood Ave .. Stockley Park

lli!!illlgc, Middlesex  UBl l  lAZ~llK-

All  trademarks are  property of Wizards of the Coast LLC

in the USA and other countries. Please retain package for

futtue reference.  l\1.ADE  IN THE USA

Importe au  Canada par \izards of the  Coast  LLC,  PO

Box  707, Renton  WA  98057-0707,  USA  FABRIQUli

AUX ETAS-UNIS.

Become a  member today.  DungeonSilndDragons.com

ISBN : 978-0-7869-5994-5

52995

II 945

z

<(

w

I

Sug.  Retail: US  $29.95  CAN $35.00

Printed  in  the  USA

388550000