TOME AND BLOOD

A Guidebook to

Wizards and Sorcerers

Bruce R. Cordell and Skip Williams

Credits

Additional Design and Good Advice: Andy Collins, Duane Maxwell, and John D. Rateliff

Editor: Jennifer Clarke Wilkes

Creative Director: Ed Stark

Cover Artist: Todd Lockwood

Interior Artist: Wayne Reynolds

Cartographer: Dennis Kauth

Typesetter: Angelika Lokotz

Graphic Designer: Dawn Murin

Art Director: Dawn Murin

Business Manager: Anthony Valterra

Project Manager: Justin Ziran

Production Manager: Chas DeLong

Special Thanks: Michael Donais

Sources for this work include the new FORGOTTEN REALMS campaign setting by Ed Greenwood, Sean K Reynolds,

Skip Williams, and Rob Heinsoo; Magic of Faern by Angel Leigh McCoy, Sean K Reynolds, and Duane Maxwell;

PLAYERS OPTION: Spells & Magic by Richard Baker, and College of Wizardry by Bruce R. Cordell. The blood magus was

adapted from Jennifer Clarke Wilkess hematomancer, the bladesinger was adapted by Andy Collins from The

Complete Book of Elves, and the dragon disciple was suggested by James Wyatt. Many spells and magic items were

developed from suggestions made by John D. Rateliff and Duane Maxwell.

Based on the original DUNGEONS & DRAGONS rules created by E. Gary Gygax and Dave Arneson, and the new

DUNGEONS & DRAGONS game designed by Jonathan Tweet, Monte Cook, Skip Williams, Richard Baker, and

Peter Adkison.

U. S., CANADA, ASIA,

PACIFIC,  and LATIN AMERICA

Wizards of the Coast, Inc.

P. O. Box 707

Renton WA 98057-0707

(Questions?) 1-800-324-6496

EUROPEAN HEADQUARTERS

Wizards of the Coast, Belgium

P. B. 2031

2600 Berchem

Belgium

+32-70-23-32-77

620-T11845

DUNGEONS & DRAGONS, D&D, DUNGEON MASTER, FORGOTTEN REALMS, and the Wizards of the Coast logo are registered trademarks owned by Wizards of the Coast, Inc.

The d20 System logo is a trademark owned by Wizards of the Coast, Inc.

All Wizards characters, character names, and the distinctive likenesses thereof are trademarks owned by Wizards of the Coast.

Distributed to the hobby, toy, and comic trade in the United States and Canada by regional distributors. Distributed in the United States to the book trade by St. Martins Press. Distributed

in Canada to the book trade by Fenn Ltd. Distributed worldwide by Wizards of the Coast, Inc. and regional distributors.

This material is protected under the copyright laws of the United States of America. Any reproduction or unauthorized use of the material or artwork contained herein is prohibited

without the express written permission of Wizards of the Coast, Inc.

This product is a work of fiction. Any similarity to actual people, organizations, places, or events is purely coincidental.

2001 Wizards of the Coast, Inc. Made in the U. S. A.

Visit our website at www.wizards.com/dnd

1

TABLE  OF  CONTENTS

TABLE OF

CONTENTS

Inside  the  Hollow .......................... 3 4

Benay  Ahollow .............................. 3 5

Airees  Ahollow .............................. 3 6

Introduction ................... 3

What This Book Is and Is Not ............ 3

How  to  Use  This  Book ....................... 3

Chapter 1: Arcane Lore ... 4

Creating  an  Effective  Spellcaster ........ 4

The  Basics ........................................ 4

Feat  Selection .................................. 4

Spell  Selection ................................. 5

Magic  Item  Selection ...................... 7

Sidebar:  Expanding  a

Specialists  Range ................... 7

Chapter 2: Feats ............ 37

Acquiring  Feats ................................. 3 7

Virtual  Feats ................................... 3 7

Feats  and  Weaponlike  Spells ....... 3 7

New Feats ........................................... 3 8

Arcane  Defense ............................. 3 8

Arcane  Preparation ....................... 3 8

Augment  Summoning .................. 3 9

Chain  Spell ..................................... 3 9

Cooperative  Spell .......................... 3 9

Delay  Spell ..................................... 3 9

Energy  Admixture ......................... 3 9

For  Wizards  Only:

Specializing  in  a  School ............. 8

Familiars:  Friends  Indeed ................... 9

Acquiring  a  Familiar ..................... 1 0

Familiar  Abilities ........................... 1 0

Dismissing  a  Familiar ................... 1 2

Death  of  a  Familiar ........................ 1 2

Death of a Master .......................... 1 2

Alternate  Familiars  by

Master  Size .................................... 1 3

Improved  Familiars ....................... 1 5

Familiars  in  Combat ...................... 1 7

Close-Up  on  Skills ............................ 1 9

Which  Skill  to  Use? ...................... 1 9

Spellcraft ........................................ 1 9

Knowledge  (Arcana) ...................... 2 0

Sidebar:  DM  Note:

Recalling  Information ........... 2 0

Sorcerers  and  Wizards  and  the

World  They  Live  ln ........................ 2 0

Becoming  a  Wizard ...................... 2 0

Becoming  a  Sorcerer .................... 2 0

Organizations:

The  Few,  the  Proud ....................... 2 1

The  Arcane  Order .......................... 2 3

Sidebar:  Peculiar  Features

of  a  Magical  Laboratory ....... 2 4

Beastchasers .................................. 2 4

Bleak  Academy .............................. 2 5

Broken  Wands ............................... 2 6

Escriers ........................................... 2 6

Sidebar:  Escriers  Brooch ........ 2 6

League  of  Diviners ........................ 2 6

The  Queendom .............................. 2 6

Savants of the Flame ..................... 2 7

Spellswords ................................... 2 7

Wayfarers  Union .......................... 2 8

The  Hollow:  A  Mages  Abode ......... 2 8

How  Typical  is  the  Hollow? ............. 2 8

Location .............................................. 3 1

Features .............................................. 3 1

Sidebar:  Peculiar  Features

of  an  Arcane  Spellcasters

Quarters ..................................... 3 1

Sidebar:  Substituting  and

Admixing  Energy .................. 3 9

Energy  Substitution ...................... 4 0

Eschew  Materials .......................... 4 0

Extra  Slot ........................................ 4 0

Extra  Spell ...................................... 4 0

Greater  Spell  Focus ...................... 4 0

Greater  Spell  Penetration ............. 4 0

Improved  Familiar ......................... 4 0

Innate  Spell .................................... 4 1

Persistant  Spell .............................. 4 1

Repeat  Spell ................................... 4 1

Sanctum  Spell ................................ 4 1

Sculpt  Spell .................................... 4 2

Spell  Specialization ....................... 4 2

Split  Ray ......................................... 4 2

Subdual  Substitution .................... 4 2

Twin  Spell ...................................... 4 2

Widen  Spell ................................... 4 2

Chapter 3:

Prestige Classes ............ 43

Acquiring  a  Prestige  Class ............... 4 3

Prestige  Class  Descriptions ............. 4 3

Acolyte  of  the  Skin ........................ 4 3

Alienist ........................................... 4 5

Arcane  Trickster ............................. 4 7

Bladesinger .................................... 4 9

Blood  Magus ................................. 5 0

Candle  Caster ................................ 5 2

Dragon  Disciple ............................ 5 5

Elemental  Savant ........................... 5 7

Fatespinner ..................................... 5 8

Mage  of  the  Arcane  Order ........... 6 0

Mindbender ................................... 6 3

Pale  Master .................................... 6 4

Spellsword ..................................... 6 7

True  Necromancer ......................... 6 9

Wayfarer  Guide .............................. 7 0

Chapter 4:

Tools of the Trade .......... 71

Mundane  Items .................................. 7 1

Special  Items ...................................... 7 2

Magic  Items ....................................... 7 3

Creating  Magic  Items ................... 7 3

Behind  the  Curtain:

Magic  Item  Pricing ....................... 7 3

New  Magic  Items ...................... 7 5

Rod  Descriptions ...................... 7 5

Staff  Descriptions ..................... 7 6

Wondrous  Item  Descriptions ... 7 8

Building  a  Golem ................. 7 8

Chapter 5: Spells .......... 79

Magic  Tricks ....................................... 7 9

Weaponlike  Spells ......................... 7 9

Fun  with  Prestidigitation .............. 8 0

Casting  Times ................................ 8 0

Researching  New  Spefls ................... 8 1

Is  a  New  Spell  Viable? .................. 8 1

Behind  the  Curtain:

Evaluating  Spells .................. 8 3

New  Spells  List .................................. 8 3

Permanency  and  New  Spells ....... 8 4

Spell  Descriptions ......................... 8 5

Tables

1-1:  Familiars  for  Tiny  or  Smaller

Masters ....................................... 1 3

1-2: Familiars  for  Huge  or  Bigger

Masters ..................................... 1 4

2-1:  Feats ........................................... 3 8

2-2:  Improved  Familiars .................. 4 0

2-3:  Alternate  Improved

Familiars ................................... 4 1

3-1:  Prestige  Classes ........................ 4 3

3-2:  The  Acolyte  of  the  Skin ............ 4 5

3-3:  The  Alienist ............................... 4 5

3-4:  The  Arcane  Trickster ................. 4 9

3-5:  The  Bladesinger ........................ 4 9

3-6:  The  Blood  Magus ..................... 5 1

3-7:  The  Candle  Caster .................... 5 3

3-8:  The  Dragon  Disciple ................ 5 5

3-9:  The  Elemental  Savant ............... 5 7

3-10:  The  Fatespinner ...................... 5 9

3-11:  The  Mage  of  the

Arcane  Order ............................. 6 2

3-12:  The  Mindbender ..................... 6 4

3-13:  The  Pale  Master ...................... 6 5

3-14:  The  Spelisword ....................... 6 8

3-15:  The  True  Necromancer .......... 6 9

3-16:  The  Wayfarer  Guide ............... 7 0

4-1:  Mundane  Items ......................... 7 2

4-2:  Special  Items ............................. 7 2

4-3:  Estimating  Magic  Item  Gold

Piece  Value .................................. 7 4

4-4:  Magic  Items .............................. 7 5

4-5:  Metamagic  Feat  Rods ............... 7 7

Maps

Map  1:  The  Arcane  Order ................ 2 2

Map  2:  The  Hollow:

A  Mages  Abode ............................ 3 0

2

T

INTRODUCTION

INTRODUCTION

Magic is the eldritch blood that gives life to fantastic

worlds.  No  ingredient  is  more  fundamental  to  the

DUNGEONS & DRAGONS game. Few classes are as elegant,

and none are as fascinating as the games wizards and

sorcerers. These heroes tap a power whose true source

remains a mystery. Although many have tried to master

it, all have ultimately failed for magic is a force that tran-

scends explanation.

Despite the mystery or because of it, magic is a door-

way  to  a  realm  where  all  things  are  possible.  Let  the

martial classes exploit mere physical prowessarcane

spellcasters know the verbal keys and mystic rituals that

release power from the very fabric of reality. Beholden

only to their own consciences, the most powerful spell-

casters grow ever wiser in arcane lore. Some eventually

wield powers like

unto those of

a deity.

ters about incorporating any elements of this book. DMs

can also use the new feats, spells, and prestige classes to

design  nonplayer  characters.  Use  what  you  wish  and

change or ignore the rest. Have at it and enjoy!

HOW TO USE THIS BOOK

This books primary goal is to help you customize your

wizard or sorcerer player character, personalizing her,

broadening her range of capabilities, and enhancing the

role she plays in an adventuring party.

The information in this book is a guide for players and

DMs. In addition to completely new material, it offers

guidance and advice on topics of perennial interest to

spellcasting characters.

Chapter  1:  Arcane  Lore  provides  explanations  of,

advice  on,  and  expansions  to  magical  topics  that  are

WHAT THIS BOOK IS

AND IS NOT

This  material  is  brandnew  and  pertains  to  the  new

edition of the DUNGEONS & DRAGONS game. Youll find

new feats, spells, and prestige classes, as well as useful

advice for getting the most out of your spellcaster.

This supplement is designed to mesh with the rules

system presented in the Players Handbook, the DUNGEON

MASTERSGuide, and the Monster Manual.

This book presents options, not restrictions, for playing

the D&D game. Players should ask their Dungeon Mas-

already a part of the

game.  Here  you  find

such  topics  as  choosing  a

specialty, picking metamagic feats,

and the care and feeding of familiars.

Chapter 2: Feats offers special feats to

enhance  your  spellcasters,  such  as  Energy

Substitution and Sanctum Spell.

Chapter 3: Prestige Classes takes your spellcaster

in exciting new directions with the pale master, elemen-

tal savant, and other prestige classes.

Chapter 4: Tools of the Trade presents specialty items

of  interest  to  both  spellcasting  and  nonspellcasting

characters.

Chapter 5: Spells not only expands the selection of

arcane spells from 0 level to 9th level, but also provides

additional advice on designing new spells of your own as

well as providing the updated, official versions of the

polymorph other and polymorph self spells. The versions of

the spells presented herein supersede those presented

in the Players Handbook.

3

CHAPTER  1:  ARCANE  LORE

CHAPTER I:

ARCANE LORE

less damage on average, you can afford to have fewer hit

points. In addition, a good Dexterity helps your ranged

attacksincluding some spells. If your spell selection is

heavy on spells that require a ranged attack roll, a high

Dexterity serves you well.

Talent is a gift. Training opens the box.

Mialee

Choosing a Familiar

How  best  to  develop  the  magical  talents  of  your  PC?

Should you consider an improved familiar? What is a

good  design  for  a  magical  household? This  chapter

addresses these and other issues for wizards and sorcerers.

CREATING AN

EFFECTIVE  SPELLCASTER

This  advice  is  intended  to  help  you  maximize  your

choices as a sorcerer or wizard. It is based on the experi-

ence of the authors, but like all advice, is subjective. Still,

it is a place to start, a foundation upon which you can

build your own, ideal spellcaster.

The Basics

A few simple tweaks for your character early on can make

all the difference later.

Ability Scores

An average 1st-level character starts the game with typical

ability scores of 15, 14, 13, 12, 10, and 8. Your first impulse

might  be  to  put  the  highest  score  in  the  ability  that

governs your spellcasting (Intelligence for a wizard or

Charisma for a sorcerer). This is a good choice for several

reasons: You start with the highest possible save DCs for

all your spells, and you can cast bonus spells and spells of

higher level. If you choose a high Intelligence, your char-

acter also benefits from many more skill points.

This isnt the only option, however. You might want to

have your highest score in an ability that helps keep you

alive long enough to cast all those great spells. The trick

here is to balance long-term prospects against short- term

survival.  Putting  the  second-highest  score  into  your

spellcasting ability and the highest score elsewhere is

usually  a  good  compromise. You  can  always  increase

Intelligence or Charisma when you reach 4th level (and

every four levels thereafter). Even if you decide to build

for the long term by putting your best score into a spell-

casting ability, its a good idea to put your second-highest

score into a survival ability.

Which  abilities  help  you  survive?  Constitution  is  a

good choice, because it simultaneously increases your

Fortitude  save,  which  is  not  your  best  category  (Will

saves have the highest modifiers for both wizards and

sorcerers), and hit points. And what mage doesnt need

more starting hit points?

Dexterity is as good as Constitution, but it does require

a bit more faith. Your Reflex save (also not your best)

improves,  helping  you  avoid  many  spell  effects  and

damage from traps, as does your Armor Class. By taking

The various familiars offer many benefits, so take the

time to think about which one gains you the most. Its

hard to pass up the utility of a flying familiar such as a

raven or owl, especially when they become able to deliver

touch spells for you, but consider the lowly toad. It grants

a +2 modifier to your Constitution score. Not only does

that possibly strengthen your weak Fortitude save, but it

adds all-important hit points at every leveland even a

few extra can make  all the difference. Measured over the

course of an adventuring career, a toad may well provide

the overall greatest benefit. The rat and weasel too are

good choices, as they each grant a +2 modifier to your

weak saving throws (Fortitude and Reflex, respectively).

Equipment

These days, a spellcaster is far from useless once shes

out of spells. Since mixing it up with a melee weapon

really isnt your style, its always nice to have a ranged

weapon on hand. If youre an elf, your good Dexterity

and native proficiency with bows make you a fair shot

with a longbow. Even a crossbow can dish out decent

damage, though, despite the increased reload time.

Once you scrape up a little money, it pays to invest in

some grenades: a few flasks of acid, alchemists fire, or

holy water. Any of these are a great ranged attack in a

pinchespecially if you have a high Dexterity score,

making you more likely to hit. For that matter, delay and

disruption items such as thunderstones, flashpellets, and

tanglefoot bags can really save your bacon when you have

no spells available.

A familiar carrier (see Chapter 4: Tools of the Trade) is

a nigh-indispensable item to keep that precious compan-

ion safe from harm.

Feat Selection

All feats are important and have their uses, but when

you get them is at least as important as which ones you

get. A poor choice early on can hamper you throughout

your career.

First Things First

Wizards get Scribe Scroll for free, so always prepare scrolls

if you have the time and the money. Scrolls of low-level

spells are inexpensive to create and make a fine backup,

allowing you to cast more spells per day than otherwise

possible. Sorcerers dont start with a free feat, and since

they already can cast spells several times in a given day,

Scribe Scroll may not be the best choice. They benefit

more from feats that improve casting efficacy, such as

Spell Focus.

The best use for additional feats is to enhance your

spells. While metamagic feats are designed to do exactly

4

CHAPTER  1:  ARCANE  LORE

this, most bump up the spell level farther than is practical

when youre just starting out. So, think about taking some

general feats first.

A wonderful feat for both sorcerers and wizards is Spell

Focus, which raises the save DCs of spells you cast from a

particular school. Of course, this feat also paves the way

for Greater Spell Focus (see Chapter 2: Feats). The higher

the save DC, the more likely youll affect foes with your

spells.  Spell  Focus  is  useful  far  more  often  than  Spell

Penetration, which is only beneficial against creatures

with spell resistance, so it makes sense to take it first. This

is especially true if you are a specialist wizard. Consider

Spell Penetration for later, though, because eventually

youll find yourself up against a foe with spell resistance,

and youll need all the help you can get.

On  the  other  hand,  when  casting  spells  that  are

resolved with ranged touch attacks, the save DCs are less

important than how well you can target them. A spell-

caster in this situation probably has a high Dexterity score

and would benefit most from Point Blank Shot and Precise

Shot. Because ranged touch spells work much as ranged

weapons  do,  both  these  feats  enhance  them  too  (see

Weaponlike Spells in Chapter 5: Spells). The best part is,

these feats also work with your bow or crossbow.

Next Step

Once you have a few more levels under your belt, its time

for another general feat. Its hard to say no to Brew Potion,

especially  if  youre  a  wizard. The  ability  to  create  a

consumable magic item usable by anyone, for half the market

price, is a great advantage (as is true for any item creation

feat). Craft Wand is incredibly useful as well, and it is

available at 5th level (wizards first bonus feat opportunity).

For wizards it is a vital feat and sorcerers should think

seriously about picking it up. Many a self-created wand has

been a spellcasters salvation when personal spells ran

low.

Wizards

Wizards  have  a  tremendous  advantage  in  their  bonus

feats  (metamagic,  item  creation,  and  Spell  Mastery).

Metamagic feats are your best friend, but be careful which

ones you start with. Your first choices shouldnt bump the

spell slot up more than one or two levels. That way, you

can take advantage of them immediately with your lowest-

level spells.

Once youre high enough level, go for the juicy meta-

magic feats, such as Quicken Spell or Maximize Spell.

Which is better? Maximize Spell only increases the spell

slot by three levelsand you can get a lot of mileage out

of maximized magic missiles. Still, Quicken Spell is your

ace in the hole: Even a quickened spider climb could allow

you  to  retreat  from  a  situation  you  would  rather  not

remain in. At higher levels, a quickened dimension door or

fly is a good backup for any adventuring spellcaster.

Sorcerers

General feats are generally the best option for sorcerers.

Because  youre  casting  the  same  spells  over  and  over,

Spell Focus continues to be a very good choice. Following

this  philosophy, you  would  pick  Spell  Focus  in  other

schools, with Greater Spell Focus in one or more, possibly

with Spell Penetration and feats that enhance both spells

and ranged weapons. Primary among these last is Spell

Specialization (see Chapter 2: Feats): In conjunction with

Point  Blank  Shot,  you  could  be  dealing  +3  points  of

damage with your ranged attack spells.

Sorcerers  should  approach  metamagic  feats  with

caution. When you use a metamagic feat, its a full-round

action to cast the spell (see Casting Times in Chapter 5:

Spells). You cant take a move action during that round,

which  could  be  dangerous  in  a  fight.  For  a  sorcerer,

Quicken Spell isnt worth even considering. Maximize

Spell is still a good choice, but you cant use it effectively

until you reach 8th level (the first level you have any 4th-

level spell slots). On the other hand, with such a limited

selection  of  spells,  metamagic  feats  give  you  much-

needed flexibilityespecially when it comes to attack

spells. For example, at 8th level you can cast a 4th-level

spell at least three times each day, but youll only know

one.  If  you  pick  a  useful  spell  such  as  polymorph  self,

improved invisibility, or dimension door, you have to give up

great 4th-level offensive spells such as ice storm. But a

maximized magic missile, an empowered Melf s acid arrow, or

an enlarged or heightened fireball or lightning bolt helps

make up for it.

Spell Selection

Spells make the mage.

Although the diversity and the number of arcane spells

let you assume a variety of roles in a party, your compan-

ions probably look to you for offensive power and the

occasional bit of magical troubleshooting. Most of the

time, youre the only party member who can damage or

destroy several foes at the same time (without sacrificing

potential healing spells as a cleric must). At other times,

the right spell can solve a difficult problem or even turn

a defeat into a triumph.

Low-Level Spells

Some fight it, but eventually, every sorcerer and wizard

picks magic missile. And why notit is an offensive 1st-

level spell that requires neither an attack roll nor allows a

saving throw. Even a sorcerer, with his limited spell selec-

tion, would do well with this one.

Another vital spell, especially for a wizard, is mage

armor. A sorcerer may want to wait a while to pick this up,

since casting it repeatedly is of little value. If a monk is in

the party, though, shell be your best friend when you cast

mage armor on her before every adventureall the bonus

types to the monks AC stack.

As you acquire more 1st-level spells, consider those

that can resolve an encounter without a flash and a bang.

These  include  charm  person  (makes  an  otherwise

intractable foe friendly, at least for a while) and change self (a

handy disguise). The sleep spell can have spectacular effects

against large groups of weak adversaries. Color spray is

almost as effective against weak foes and retains some

efficacy even against creatures sleep cant touch.

5

CHAPTER  1:  ARCANE  LORE

As  soon  as  your  spellcaster  can  cast  2nd-level  spells,

choose one or more that enhance abilities. More than

ever before, your ability scores determine how well you

take and deal damage of all types. Since cats grace and

endurance help any character, a sorcerer may decide to

pick up one of these first, given his limited spell selec-

tion. Bulls strength is least useful to a spellcaster, but if

the combat specialists in your party can count on you to

enhance their Strength scores, you can count on them

to protect you more effectively in a melee.

Among the 2nd-level spells, invisibility is a great boon

to wizards and sorcerers alike, especially if theres a rogue

in the party. Wizards also benefit from learning see invisi-

bility early on, but the sorcerers limited selection makes

that a spell he might want to skip until later. As your list

of 2nd-level spells grows, consider hypnotic pattern (good

for taking foes out of the fight or distracting potential

foes without actually doing any harm) and levitate.

No spellcaster can do without dispel magic, and it should

definitely be one of your 3rd-level spells. A sorcerer may

prefer fireball, lightning bolt, or fly as his first choice, but

this one deserves to be the next. Its uses are legion: You

can bring spell-using enemies down a notch by eradicating

their ability enhancements, magical protections, and

even  their  antimagic  spells  with  a  good  roll.  Good

troubleshooting  spells  at  3rd-level  include  suggestion,

invisibility sphere, and tongues. You also have some excellent

party support spells to choose from, such as the amazing

haste.

Higher-Level Spells

Once you have built a repertoire of 1st- through 3rd-level

spells, you should have a pretty good idea of the type of

character youre playing. Sticking to that theme makes

picking higher-level spells straightforward, although you

can always shift your focus.

Wizards

If youre the type who likes to splatter the opposition

with offensive spells, theres no shortage of choices. Spells

such  as  ice  storm,  wall  of  fire,  cloudkill,  cone  of  cold,  acid

fog,  chain  lightning,  delayed  blast  fireball,  prismatic  spray,

horrid  wilting,  incendiary  cloud,  and  meteor  swarm  (the

games biggest, flashiest attack spell) enable you to deal

out damage by the bucketful.

You might also want to consider alternate means of

attacking your foes. Sometimes, for example, its better to

defeat one powerful opponent quickly than to damage

several at once. Spells such as polymorph other, phantasmal

killer, dismissal, disintegrate, and the various power word spells

are made to eliminate individual targets.

If you already have the basic low-level attack spells

(magic missile, fireball, and lightning bolt), they continue to

serve you well. Spellcasters who arent interested in only

combat might consider spells that grant flexibility and

that let them to perform tasks no one else can. These

include polymorph self, dimension door, passwall, magic jar, phase

door, the various Bigbys hand spells, and the games two

biggest flexible-purpose spells, limited wish and wish.

Those who prefer a more subtle or defensive approach

6

to  adventuring  also  have  a  variety  of  high-level  spells

available.  Stoneskin  is  a  good  all-around  defense,  espe-

cially  when  paired  with  a  shield  spell  and  a  few  good

defensive  items.  Wall  of  force  is  the  ultimate  physical

defense and antimagic field is similarly effective against

magical threats. Dont overlook contingency, spell turning,

and mind blank.

If you like to finesse your way through encounters, the

best spell choices are charm monster, hold monster, dominate

person, repulsion, and dominate monster. Information-gath-

ering spells such as  scrying, arcane eye, analyze dweomer,

legend  lore,  greater  scrying,  and vision  help  you  quickly

prepare for upcoming situations.

Sorcerers

A sorcerers spell selection is far more important than the

choices a wizard makes. No room exists for whimsical

fancyevery spell you take means giving up other spells

you could have learned. Your choices are with you for the

rest of your career, for good or ill. Think long and hard

about each.

The true power of a sorcerer is the ability to cast the

same spell over and over again. The trick is having the

correct spell on hand. So, what kind of a sorcerer are you?

Are you happy in a support position? If so, consider

spells that can transport the party such as spider climb, levi-

tate, fly, dimension door, and teleport. Such a spell selection is

useful to a party but often not too satisfying to play. A

lightning bolt crackling from your fingertips is far more

viscerally satisfying than flying around, though not as

useful in as many situations. Sorcerers make very good

mobile artillery platforms. You might want to load up on

attack spells first, then add support spells later.

As you gain levels and complete your basic portfolio,

look for spells that give you maximum flexibility. You

have to make the most of every spell when you have so

few  of  them.  Spells  from  the  Illusion  school,  for

example, allow you to create whatever effect you want;

this is particularly true of spells with the shadow descrip-

tor. The various wall spells are useful for both attack

and  defense.  Any  summon  monster  spell  is  good  for

combat, but if you also have the tongues spell or speak the

correct  languages,  you  can  use  those  summoned

monsters for other tasksfrom beating down doors to

triggering traps. Its a good idea to pick up polymorph self at

the  first  opportunity: This  spell  is  good  for  mobility,

defense,  and  its  no  slouch  for  attacking  in  your  new

form, either.

Beware of similar spells that come in a series. Wizards

can afford to learn all the summon monster spells, for

example, but you cant. Theres little difference between

those  of  close  level  (summon  monster  I  and  summon

monster II, for example), so if you learn more than one,

make sure youre getting a significant boost in capability

each time. Likewise, you dont need both change self and

alter self. As you reach higher levels, be ready to choose

between equivalent spells such as suggestion and charm

monster, dimension door and teleport, hold person and hold

monster, mass suggestion and mass charm. It pays to look

ahead to the next spell level and decide which capabilities

you want now and which you can wait for.

Magic Item Selection

Dont be afraid to use magic items. Hoarding them is no

good if you end up dead as a result. Grafting or buying

nonpermanent magic items such as potions, scrolls, wands,

and the like radically increase the effectiveness of both

your spellcaster and your whole party.

If you choose any item creation feats, use them. Making

scrolls at 1st and 2nd levels, potions at 3rd and 4th, and

most valuablewands at 5th level keep you and your

party alive longer and for less expense than if you bought

those items. It doesnt make any sense to pay full price

when you can get the same result for half as much with

the proper feat. For example, a typical 5th-level player

character  should  have  items  and  cash  whose  value  is

around 9,000 gp. Making a wand of a 3rd-level spell costs

5,625 gphalf the price of buying it and leaving some

cash for other useful equipment.

Consider making or buying scrolls of haste, invisibility,

and  stoneskin. These  three  spells, combined  with  your

own  spell  selection,  can  make  you  a  Juggernaut.  (But

since your enemies are likely to do the same, you should

CHAPTER  1:  ARCANE  LORE

also keep dispel magic handy, either ready to cast or on a

scroll or wand). Another great use for scrolls, especially if

you can scribe them yourself, is to carry spells you often

wont want to use a slot on but that youll need very badly

at  certain  times. These  include  arcane  lock,  darkvision,

dimensional anchor, greater dispelling, greater magic weapon,

knock, locate object, mage hand, magic weapon, phantom steed,

remove curse, rope trick, stone to flesh, Tensers floating disk, and

wall of force.

If  you  can  afford  to  make  a  wand,  Melf s  acid  arrow

makes a nice attack choice, but it might be better to go for

party support. Your fellow adventurers are likely to lend

you enough cash to make a wand of endurance, bulls strength,

or  cats  grace  to  use  on  them.  And  of  course,  the  more

capable the party as a whole, the more likely is your own

survival.

Other life-saving items to have on your person include,

one  or  more  cure  potions.  Consider  a  potion  of

endurance as well, and dont worry about wasting it. Extra

hit  points  are  always  worthwhile.  Other  useful  and

moderately priced items include boots of speed, brooch of

shielding, gloves of Dexterity, the various ioun stones, and a

periapt of proof against poison.

As  you  gain  experience  and  funds,

youll  be  able  to  afford  some  essential

permanent items. These should include

the basic defensive suite of bracers of armor,

a ring of protection, an amulet of natu-ral armor,

and  a  cloak  of  resistance. Get  the  most

powerful items you can afford, but try to

first put together the whole suite with

individually weaker items whose effects

stack  well.  Its  cheaper  and  less  fragile

than relying on a couple of more powerful

items.  If  one  item  is  lost,  the  overall

protection youre afforded isnt reduced

so greatly that way.

Once you have seen to basic defensive

needs, your best bet is to boost your spell-

casting ability score as soon as you can,

with a headband of intellect or a cloak of Charisma.

(The latter requires substituting a vest of

resistance for the cloak of resistance, since you

can wear only one cloak at a time.) Your

benefits from these are more spells and higher save DCs.

Keep your eyes open too for other items that improve

your spellcasting, such as rings of wizardry and pearls of

power.

You can generally select higher-cost magic items as you

would spells, but since theres a limit to how many items

you  can  use  at  once,  focus  on  those  that  give  you

capabilities your spells dont. If you can afford a staff, you

get access to a selection of rapidly reusable spells, often

more powerful than those in a wand. Staffs of fire or frost

pack  a  good  offensive  punch.  A staff  of  earth  and  stone

improves your mobility, and a staff of charming is good for

overcoming foes quietly. Keep your expectations reason-

able: A staff of passage or power is both potent and versatile,

but  its  cost  is  prohibitiveand  youre  not  likely  to

stumble upon one.

7

Expanding  a

Expanding  a

Expanding  a

Expanding  a

Expanding  a

Specialists  Range

Specialists  Range

Specialists  Range

Specialists  Range

Specialists  Range

Heres a sneaky way to get  around

the  limit  on  the  magic  items  you

can use as a specialist: Take at least

one  level  of  sorcerer.  Sorcerer

have  access  to  all  schools  of

magic.  You  still  wont  be  able  to

prepare and cast spells from your

prohibited  school  or  schools  as  a

wizard  but  you  can  use  spell

completion  or  spell  trigger  items

for any arcane spell as a sorcerer.

Of  course,  this  approach  has

its  own  costs.  Every  level  of

sorcerer  you  take  is  a  wizard

Ievel you forego, so your access

to  high-level  spells  is  delayed.

CHAPTER  1:  ARCANE  LORE

Eyes of charming, doom, or petrification let you make gaze

attacks, which can be quite effective against multiple

foes that get too close. If your spell selection already

gives you a potent offence, you would benefit more

from defensive or utilitarian items such as a robe of blen-

ding, a robe of scintillating colors, eyes of the eagle, or goggles of

minute seeing.

If you dont have many Divination spells, a crystal ball is

a handy device for information gathering (it works best

of you have a good Scry skill score). So is a helm of telepathy

or a medallion of thoughts, though youll have to remove

your amulet of natural armor to use the latter.

The various figurines of wondrous power can provide you

with transport, fighting allies, or both. For sheer mobility,

its hard to beat a carpet or broom of flying.

For Wizards Only:

Specializing in a School

Specialization allows a wizard to prepare one additional

spell of the selected school per spell level each day. You

get a +2 modifier on Spellcraft checks that involve spells

within your chosen school. This benefit is especially

useful when learning new spells (see Adding Spells to a

Wizards Spellbook on page 155 of the Players Handbook).

The greater the selection of spells you can prepare and

cast each day, the better a wizard youre likely to be. More

often, however, Spellcraft checks come into play when

you try to use detect magic to identify a magical aura, when

attempting a counterspell, or when first reading spells

on scrolls.

Theres  a  price  for  specializing,  however. To  master

your chosen school, you must give up all the spells of at

least  one  other  school.  You  cant  add  them  to  your

spellbook, prepare them from somebody elses, or even

cast them from magic items that use spell completion

(scrolls) or spell trigger (wands and staffs) activation. In

addition, you suffer a -5 penalty to Spellcraft checks when

dealing with any spell or effect from a prohibited school.

Finally, you have to decide whether to specialize when

your character first enters play, and youre stuck with

that choice. You cannot have more than one specialty,

even by multiclassing. Youre still a wizard, no matter

which specialty you choose. For example, if youre a 3rd-

level evoker and you gain a level, you cant become a 3rd-

level evoker/1st level illusionist.

If you choose to specialize, you should also take the

Spell Focus feat in your specialty school at the first oppor-

tunity. Youre going to be casting a lot of spells from that

school, so you might as well make the save DCs for those

spells as high as possible.

School Pros and Cons

Heres a look at how each choice of a specialty school

affects you (see School Specialization on page 54 of the

Player s  Handbook).

Abjuration

If you like a strong defense, Abjuration is a good specialty.

The school includes some powerful, if narrow, offensive

spells too. For example, if you fancy yourself a demon

hunter, banishment is a great weapon.

To become an abjurer, you must select your prohibited

school or schools from either: (1) one of Conjuration,

Enchantment, Evocation, Illusion, or Transmutation; or

(2) both Divination and Necromancy.

Its tempting to give up Divination and Necromancy,

since spells of those schools arent powerful at low levels.

On the other hand, Divination has quite useful, if not

flashy  spells,  and  Necromancy  includes  all  the  fear-

inducing spells (think of them as minor banishment).

You  might  be  better  off  selecting  a  single  prohibited

school.  Conjuration  is  a  natural  choice,  since  its  the

opposite of what you do (bringing items and creatures to

you rather than sending them elsewhere). Illusion, which

deals mainly with the unreal, is a reasonable optionbut

you  give  up  the  valuable  invisibility  spell.  Losing

Transmutation isnt a good idea, since it has a lot of useful

spells,  including  the  valuable  ability-boosting  spells.

Likewise, its unwise to forego Evocations powerful spells;

some of them, particularly wall of fire, wall of ice, and wall of

force, create barriers that nicely complement effects you

can create with your chosen school.

Conjuration

This school offers a good mix of attack and defense. Its an

especially  attractive  choice  if  you  want  an  exotic  or

mysterious flavor, especially at high levels when you can

conjure up extraplanar creatures and ask (or even compel)

favors from them.

To become a conjurer, you must select a prohibited

school or schools from one of the following choices: (1)

Evocation; (2) any two of Abjuration, Enchantment, and

Illusion; (3) Transmutation; or (4) any three schools.

Evocation has powerful combat spells, and you might

be loath to give them up, but remember youre no slouch

in  the  offence  department.  While  Abjuration  is  the

antithesis of your specialty, giving up spells of that school

isnt a great idea. You would lose access to the vital dispel

magic, and you wouldnt have spells you need to get rid of

anything that gets out of hand after you conjure it up.

Youre better off giving up Enchantment and Illusion.

Transmutation is a big, useful school, only worth sacrific-

ing if you feel you must have access to Evocation. If you

decide  to  give  up  three  schools,  the  best  choices  are

Divination, Necromancy, and Illusion or Enchantment.

Divination

Most spells of the Divination school are handy to have,

but they usually arent exciting to use. If you love being

the one with the answers, though, this is the specialty for

you.

To become a diviner, you must select any other single

school  as  your  prohibited  school. Thats  perhaps  the

biggest benefit of specializing in Divination: You have to

give up so little to get it. You can easily do without Necro-

mancy: Being a diviner probably isnt worth giving up any

other school.

8

CHAPTER  1:  ARCANE  LORE

Enchantment

This specialty is a subtle one that can be very powerful if

played correctly. You can defeat your foes and make your

escape before anyone notices. Unfortunately, situations

exist in which your specialty spells wont work, such as

when you face undead, constructs, or vermin.

To become an enchanter, you must select your prohib-

ited school or schools from either: (1) one of Abjuration,

Conjuration, Evocation, Illusion, or Transmutation; or (2)

both Divination and Necromancy.

Both Evocation and Transmutation contain mighty

spells and giving them up is a steep price to pay. Still, if

you have become an enchanter because you favor a subtle

or low-key style, Evocation probably isnt your cup of tea.

Choosing  Abjuration  deprives  you  of  the  vital  dispel

magicnot a good idea. If you just cant live without the

offense  and  can  afford  to  do  without  information-

gathering magic, giving up Divination and Necromancy

isnt a bad choice.

Evocation

The Evocation school includes the games most powerful

offensive spells. This is the obvious specialty if you really

want to blast things apart, but you have to pay a hefty

cost.

To become an evoker, you must select your prohibited

school or schools from one of the following choices: (1)

Conjuration; (2) any two of Abjuration, Enchantment,

and Illusion; (3) Transmutation; or (4) any three schools.

You can afford  to  lose  Conjuration, since  you dont

need its offensive spells when you have fireball, ice storm,

and lightning bolt. Its a bad idea to give up Abjuration and

its vital dispel magic. Chances are you became an evoker so

you can blow up stuff, in which case Enchantment and

Illusion are easy choicesyou probably dont care for

their subtleties. On the other hand, some evokers find

Evocation  and  Illusion  a  potent  combination.  If  you

alternately cast spells from both schools, your foes have a

hard time knowing which effects are real and which are

illusory. If you choose this route, you should probably

give up either Conjuration or three schools: Divination,

Necromancy, and Enchantment are best.

Illusion

The Illusion school is flexible, as it includes spells that can

hurt  (or  kill),  conceal,  deceive,  and  even  create. The

downside is that, like enchanters, illusionists  dont do

well against mindless enemies. Also, many Illusion spells

cannot harm or hinder foes directlyyou have to be clever

enough to fool them.

To become an illusionist, you must select your prohib-

ited school or schools from either (1) one of Abjuration,

Conjuration, Enchantment, Evocation, or Transmutation;

or (2) both Divination and Necromancy.

Divination, which reveals information, is the antithe-

sis of Illusion, so its a natural choice to give up. Since

illusions  dont  work  very  well  against  the  undead,

however, you might want some Necromancy spells in

your repertoire, and you cant choose one without the

other. Foregoing the insight from Divination might

make you easy prey for other illusionistswhich can be

embarrassing, to say the least. Any one of Conjuration,

Enchantment, Evocation, or Transmutation  is  a  better

alternative. Which one you pick depends on how your

magical style. Conjuration and Evocation, which both

deal with real (and deadly) effects, are antithetical in

flavor to Illusion, but you can get good results from

mixing  spells  of  the  two  schools.  Some  illusionists

consider Enchantment irrelevant, since they already

have spells that confound and confuse, but others see the

two  schools  as  complementary.  If  your  illusionist  is  a

flashy, flamboyant character, discard Enchantment. If

you prefer a more subtle approach, give up Conjuration

or Evocation.

Necromancy

This  school  isnt  particularly  good  for  defeating  large

numbers of foes quickly, but it can be devastating against

smaller  numbers  of  living  opponents.  Specializing  in

Necromancy is suitable for those with a yen to play a

character whos a little creepy.

To become a necromancer, you must select any other

single school as your prohibited school. Like Divination,

the Necromancy specialty is cheap. Your best bet is to

discard Divination, Illusion, or Enchantment. Choose

one of the last two if you expect to come up against

undead often.

Transmutation

More spells exist in the Transmutation school than in any

other, so this specialty gives you more access to a great

number of different spell effects. Some of these are the

adventuring wizards bread and butter (such as haste and

teleport).  Its  a  fine  choice  if  you  just  want  a  few  extra

spells or if you intend to be an archetypal mage.

To become a transmuter, you must select your prohib-

ited school or schools from one of the following choices:

(1) Conjuration; (2) Evocation; (3) any two of Abjuration,

Enchantment, and Illusion; or (4) any three schools.

Conjuration and Evocation contain powerful offensive

spells, but the breadth and depth of the Transmutation

school  more  than  make  up  for  their  lack,  should  you

choose to give up one of these. On the other hand, both

complement your specialty nicely. Again, it comes down

to your personal style. This school provides you with

good mobility, so give up Conjuration if you want to zip

around  the  battlefield  zapping  foes.  But  if  you  chose

Transmutation for its flexibility, keep Conjuration over

Evocation. Avoid giving up Abjuration if you can, but you

can  afford  to  do  without  Enchantment  and  Illusion.

Alternatively, you could give up three schools: Illusion,

Necromancy, and Divination is the best combination.

FAMILIARS:

FRIENDS INDEED

Few investments yield greater riches than the time and

gold spent to acquire a familiar. A lifelong companion,

guard, spy, and servant, it is every spellcasters best friend

9

CHAPTER  1:  ARCANE  LORE

and most trusted confidante. All familiars can perform

useful functions for which the master might otherwise

be tempted to use a spell, such as fetching small objects,

peeking  around  corners,  eavesdropping,  and  keeping

watch while the spellcaster sleeps. Moreover, familiars

grant  extra  abilities,  such  as  extending  the  range  of  a

masters touch-delivered spells, according to their nature

and their masters advancement.

Once acquired, a familiar is well worth protecting. Not

only is it valuable, but the master also stands to lose a lot

if the familiar dies (see page 51 of the Players Handbook).

Acquiring a Familiar

To gain a familiar, you must first locate the kind of crea-

ture desiredit is not conjured. The prospective master

can use any convenient means to obtain the intended

familiar. In cities, it is often possible to simply visit a shop

and purchase a suitable animal. If you have the Improved

Familiar  feat  (see  Chapter  2:  Feats),  you  can  acquire  a

more powerful creature as a familiar, but these usually

take more effort to locate.

After locating a prospective familiar, you must arrange

to keep it within arms reach for the daylong ritual that

binds the two of you together. If youre lucky, youll find

a  creature  thats  friendly  enough  to  stick  around,  but

sometimes the candidate must be tethered or caged to

keep it from wandering off.

The ritual fails if the intended familiar is hostile or

unfriendly to the prospective master. A creature with an

Intelligence score of 3 or higher (before any increase for

becoming a familiar) must be initially friendly toward you.

The ritual does not succeed if the intended familiar is

under any charm or compulsion effect. You are free to

try any nonmagical means to alter an unsuitable attitude,

such as Charisma checks or bribes.

You can have only one familiar at a time, and a familiar

can have only one master at time. A creature that is already

another characters familiar cannot take a new master.

Familiar Abilities

A familiar has all the special abilities of its kind, as well as

various familiar abilities outlined on page 51 of the Players

Handbook. The familiar keeps its familiar abilities for as

long as both it and you live, unless you choose to dismiss

it.

If the familiar has a shorter lifespan than the master, it

ceases aging at its normal rate and instead ages at the

standard rate for the master. If dismissed, it resumes its

normal rate of aging but suffers no immediate ill effects.

If the familiar has a longer lifespan than the master, it

continues aging at its normal rate.

Despite its intellect and skills, a familiar remains an

extension of its master and does not truly exist on its

own. A familiar cannot become a member of a character

class or develop any skills or abilities independently.

The Masters Level

It is the masters level that determines what familiar abil-

ities a creature gains; in this case, your level in a class that

can have a familiar. If you have levels in two such classes,

add them together. For example, a 10th-level wizard/5th-

level fighter is effectively 10th level for purposes of deter-

mining the familiars abilities, since fighters cannot obtain

familiars.  A  5th-level  wizard/5th-level  sorcerer  is  also

considered 10th level, because both classes are eligible

for familiars. Some prestige classes grant extra spells or

effective extra levels of spellcasting. These do not increase

a familiars abilities.

Any negative levels you receive have no effect on your

familiar. If you actually lose a level, however, the famil-

iars  abilities  are  reduced  accordingly.  If  you  have  an

improved familiar and your level drops below the mini-

mum requirement, you dont lose that familiar, but it still

suffers the effects of the level loss.

If  a  familiar  receives  a  negative  level,  it  suffers  the

appropriate  penalties  (see  page  75  of  the  DUNGEON

MASTERS Guide). If it actually loses a level, it is treated as a

lower-level characters familiar. For example, Mialee is a

9th-level wizard when her familiar fails its Fortitude save

and loses one level to an energy drain. Thereafter, it is

treated as an 8th-level masters familiar and continues to

function at one level below Mialees until the level loss is

restored.

Hit Dice: For effects that depend on Hit Dice (such

as the sleep spell), use your level or the familiars normal

total, whichever is higher.

Hit Points: A familiars hit points are equal to one-

half  your  normal  total,  rounded  down.  If  the  familiar

normally has more hit points than that, it can use the

higher number.

Any permanent increase in your hit points (such as

through gaining a class level or a permanent increase to

Constitution)  also  increases  the  familiars  hit  points,

However, the familiar gains no additional hit points from

any temporary increases you receive, such as from an aid

spell, a temporary Constitution increase (barbarian rage,

an  endurance  spell,  or  a  pink  rhomboid ioun  stone),  or

temporary Hit Dice (such as from a bards inspire great-

ness ability). Any permanent decrease to your hit point

total, such as level loss or Constitution drain, reduces the

familiars hit points accordingly.

If a familiars Constitution score changes, the change

affects its normal hit points as a creature of its sort but

usually not its actual total (normally, one-half the masters

hit point total). However, the familiar uses the modified

Constitution score for Fortitude saves, (see Saving Throws,

below).

A familiar can receive bonus hit points from some spells

and effects. For example, a bard can use inspire greatness

to  grant  it  2d10  temporary  hit  points  (among  other

benefits).

Attacks: The familiar uses your base attack bonus or

its  own,  whichever  is  higher,  plus  the  better  of  the

familiars Dexterity or Strength modifier. It uses its own

Dexterity modifier when making ranged attacks, should

it have the ability to do so.

10

The familiar has the same natural weapons as a normal

creature of its kind and deals damage accordingly.

Saving Throws: The familiar uses your base saving

throw bonuses if theyre better than its own, but it uses

its own ability score modifiers.

Skills: The familiar can use its own skills, plus your

skills if is physically able to do so (a cat or snake probably

cant use Craft). To calculate the familiars score when using

one of your skills, use your skill ranks and the familiars

relevant ability modifier. If you both have the same skill

and the familiars score is higher than the score it gets

using your ranks, it can use its own, higher score.

Special Abilities

Most of a familiars abilities also depend on the masters

level (see Table 3-19 in the Players Handbook). This section

elaborates a bit on that basic information.

Natural Armor: Familiars are extra tough and gain

improved natural armor, which increases according to

your level. This is not an enhancement modifier to any

existing natural armorthe familiar simply gets more of

it as your level increases.

Intelligence: The  familiars  Intelligence  score

increases according to your level, but it uses its own if

that is the higher score.

Alertness: You gain Alertness while the familiar is

within  5  feet  and  an  unbroken  line  of  effect  exists

between you.

Improved Evasion: This works as it does for a monk

and is an extraordinary ability. The familiar gets the bene-

fit  of  this  ability  even  when  flat-footed  or  otherwise

denied a Dexterity bonus (though in the latter case it

probably is less likely to make a successful save).

Share Spells: You may have any spell you cast on your-

self also affect your familiar. To be shared, the spell must

have you as its target; effect and area spells cannot be

shared. Spells with touch range cannot be shared unless

you target yourself with the touch.

You  and  your  familiar  can  even  share  spells  that

normally  do  not  affect  creatures  of  the  familiars  type

(which is usually magical beast). The shared spell need

not be arcane; any spell you can cast on yourself can also

affect  your  familiar. You  also  can  share  spell-like  and

supernatural abilities, provided you can target yourself

with them. You can share the effects of magic items, but

only spells or spell-like abilities that you can target on

yourself. For example, Hennet and his familiar can both

benefit from a mage armor spell cast from a wand, but

they cannot share the armor bonus from bracers of armor.

To share a spell, the familiar must be within 5 feet of

you, and there must be an unbroken line of effect between

the two of you. If the shared spell has a duration other

than instantaneous, the familiar must remain within that

distance and maintain an unbroken line of effect or lose

the spells benefits. Once the familiar loses the benefits

from a particular casting of a spell it cannot regain them

from that casting of the spell.

A familiar and a master sharing a spell function as one

being  where  the  spells  effects  are  concerned.  For

example, if Hennet chooses to teleport with his familiar, it

CHAPTER  1:  ARCANE  LORE

doesnt count toward the spells weight limit. Likewise, if

they share a  water breathing spell, they both enjoy the

maximum  durationthe  familiar  does  not  count  as

another creature touched. A shared mirror image creates

duplicates of both master and familiar, and a successful

attack against either the masters or the familiars image

eliminates one of each duplicate. Sharing protection from

elements shields both master and familiar, but all elemen-

tal damage that either suffers is deducted from the total

amount of energy the spell can absorb.

In spite of the foregoing, some aspects of the master

and familiar always remain distinct. The two have sepa-

rate pools of hit points, so if you cast a cure wounds spell,

all the hit points bestowed must go to one or the other.

However, if the spell grants more points than are needed

to restore the chosen recipients normal total, the excess

can go the other pool. In a similar fashion, master and

familiar both have their own ability scores, and magic

that enhances or improves an ability score must all go to

one or the other.

In some cases, a spell provides some benefits that can

be fully shared and others that must be allocated to one

recipient. For example, an aid spell grants 1d8 temporary

hit points and bestows a +1 morale modifier on attack

rolls and saves against fear effects. If you and your famil-

iar share the spell, only one of you gets the temporary hit

points, but you both receive the morale bonus.

You also have the option of casting any spell with a

target of "You" on the familiar as a spell with touch range.

If you do so, you do not share the effect with your famil-

iar, but it retains the benefits as long as the spell lastsno

matter where the familiar goes afterward.

Empathic Link: You and your familiar can communi-

cate telepathically at distance of up to one mile. This is a

supernatural ability, so if either of you is within an

antimagic field, telepathic communication between you is

not possible.

You  and  your  familiar  do  not  share  senses;  you  can

merely communicate. The telepathic communication is

as easy as speaking, but it does not require speech or a

common language.

A familiars Intelligence and Wisdom scores, along with

its size and species, color what it relays to you. All familiars

are as smart as people, but usually not as smart as particu-

larly bright people. All have some sense of past, present,

and future; can count up to at least 100; and can recognize

everyday creatures, objects, and activities. Animal famil-

iars, especially if they have Intelligence scores of 9 or

lower, are apt to be distracted by food, other animals, and

big, dangerous creatures lurking nearby. (When youre

Tiny, everyone else seems really big). Youll probably have

to remind such familiars about the business at hand.

Unless  the  familiar  actually  speaks  a  language,  it

cannot relay the contents of any conversations it over-

hears. It can, however, describe whos talking, single out

whoever  talks  the  most,  and  assess  the  mood  of  the

speakers.  Not  matter  what  their  Intelligence  scores,

familiars cannot read or write, so they cannot copy docu-

ments or relay their contents. They might be able to take

a document, however.

11

CHAPTER  1:  ARCANE  LORE

Since your familiar is an extension of your being, when

it  has  been  somewhere  or  experienced  something,

you share the connection to it. Once your familiar has

been in a room, for example, you can use a teleport spell

to travel to that room as though you had been there

yourself. Likewise, if the familiar has seen an object,

you can use a locate object spell to find that object as

though you had seen it yourself.

Touch: At 3rd level or higher, when you cast a touch

spell, you can designate the familiar as the toucher,

provided that the two of you are in contact at the time of

casting. The familiar can then deliver the touch spell just

as you could and is subject to the same limitations. The

spell to be delivered does not have to be arcanethe

familiar can deliver any touch spell you can cast.

The familiar can make a melee touch attack to deliver

the spell or use its normal melee attacks, whichever is

more favorable. In the latter case, the attack must hit the

defenders normal Armor Class, but if successful, it deals

normal damage plus the spell effect. If the familiar can

make more than one attack, the first attack in the series

that hits delivers the spell. If it misses, it is still holding

the charge.

Some touch spells have noticeable effects after they

have been cast, and those effects are transferred to the

familiar. For example, chill touch makes the casters hand

glow blue. If the casters familiar delivers the spell, it

glows blue.

Speak with Master: At 5th level and higher, you and

your familiar can communicate verbally through your

own private language. Other creatures do not understand

the communication without magical help.

Speak with Others of Its Type: When you are at

least 7th level, an animal familiar can communicate

with animals of approximately the same type as itself

(including dire variants), but communication is limited

by the Intelligence score of the conversing creatures.

Improved familiars have a similar ability to converse

with  other  creatures  of  their  type  and  subtype.  For

example, a pseudodragon can converse with creatures

of the dragon type, a Small earth elemental can speak

with elemental creatures of the Earth subtype, and an

imp can, speak with outsiders whose subtypes are Lawful

and Evil. Most improved familiars also speak one or more

languages.

Spell Resistance: If you are 11th level or higher, the

familiar gains spell resistance equal to your level +5. Some

improved familiars already have spell resistance. In this

case,  the  two  dont  stack-the  familiar  uses  the  higher

number.

ScrScrScrScrScry:y:y:y:y: At 13th level or higher, you can scry on your famil-

iar (as if casting scrying with the familiar as the subject)

once per day. This is a spell-like ability cast at your caster

level.

Because you know your familiar so well, the base DC

for the required Scry check is 5. A familiar is an extension

of your consciousnessyou literally have a piece of the

subject  within  yourself: This  connection  grants  a  +10

modifier on the Scry check. Success is virtually assured,

even if the familiar is on another plane.

Dismissing a Familiar

Sometimes  a  master  wants  to  be  free  of  a  familiar,

perhaps because it has suffered some debilitating injury

or because the master simply wishes to acquire a new

one. To dismiss a familiar, you simply will it so, although

breaking  the  link  that  binds  the  two  of  you  is  a  full-

round action.

Dismissing a familiar is not to be undertaken lightly,

however. Not only is it rather callous, but the two beings

have shared their existence for an extended period, and

severing that connection leaves scars. Immediately upon

completing the dismissal, you lose experience points as

noted on page 51 of the Players Handbook and cannot call

a new familiar for a year and a day. The creature immedi-

ately  loses  all  familiar  abilities  and  becomes  a  normal

creature of its kind. It suffers no other ill effects.

Death of a Familiar

When your familiar dies, it is a wrenching event. You lose

experience points as noted above and cannot call a new

familiar for a year and a day. Happily, most familiars can

be raised from the dead, although it takes a wish or mira-

cle  spell  to  bring  back  creatures  of  the  elemental  or

outsider type. Constructs, such as homunculi, can never

be raised or resurrected.

Raising the familiar reestablishes the link between it

and you. However, the reincarnate spell is an exception:

The  spell  brings  back  the  familiar  as  an  independent

being, and the resulting creature is no longer a familiar.

No matter how the familiar returns from the dead, the

process  does  not  erase  the  experience  loss  you  suffer

upon its death. The restored familiar does not incur any

level  or  Constitution  loss.  If  your  level  has  dropped,

however,  the  familiars  abilities  are  correspondingly

reduced (see Familiar Abilities, above).

Death of a Master

If  a  master  dies  and  the  familiar  survives,  part  of  the

master lives on in the familiar. It loses any extra hit points

and skills it gained from the master but retains most of its

familiar abilities. It is treated as having a master two

levels lower (but never below 1st level). If the master is

later brought back from the dead, the bond is reestab-

lished, and the familiar gains whatever abilities go along

with the masters new level.

For example, Hennet has a cat familiar and has reached

11th level when he fails a saving throw against a lethal

poison. His cat becomes a -HD magical beast with 2

hit points (average for  d8). It now has the special abil-

ities of a 9th-level characters familiar: +5 natural armor,

Intelligence 10, and the ability to speak with felines (the

other familiar abilities are irrelevant in the absence of a

master). If Hennet is brought back from the dead, he

returns as a 10th-level sorcerer, and his cat has all the

familiar abilities for a master of that level.

12

Alternate Familiars by Master Size

The suggested familiars in the Players Handbook assume a

Small to Large master. Masters outside this size range can

have smaller or larger familiars, as appropriate to their size.

Familiars for Tiny or Smaller Masters

Masters smaller than the usual size can have proportion-

ately smaller familiars, as shown below.

TABLE 1-1: FAMILIARS FOR TINY OR SMALLER MASTERS

Special

Special

Special

Special

Special



Master  gains  a  +2  modifier  on  Reflex  saves

Familiar

Familiar

Familiar

Familiar

Familiar

Bat

Ferret

Hedgehog Master  gains  a  +1  natural  armor bonus

Mouse

Master  gains  a  +2  modifier  on  Move  Silently

checks

Screech  owl Has  low-light  vision;  master  gains  a  +2  modifier

on  Move  Silently  checks.

Poisonous  bite

Shrew

Sparrow  hawk 

Thrush

Toad

Speaks  one  language

Master  gains  +2  to  Constitution  score

Statistics

Here are basic statistics for familiars shown on Table 1-1.

Each assumes a 1st-level master with no additional class

or race bonuses to attacks or saving throws.

Granted Abilities: In addition to their own special

qualities, all familiars grant their master the Alertness

feat, improved evasion, empathic link, and shared spells

at 1st level (see above).

DBat Familiar: CR ; Diminutive magical beast; HD 1;

hp  masters; Init +2; Spd 5 ft., fly 40 ft. (good); AC 17

(touch 16, flat-footed 15); Atk -; Face/Reach 1 ft. by 1 ft./

0 ft.; SQ Blindsight 120 ft., granted abilities; AL Any; SV

Fort +2, Ref +4, Will +4; Str 1, Dex 15, Con 10, Int 6, Wis

14, Cha 4.

Skills: Listen +9, Move Silently +6, Spot +9 (or masters,

if better).

Blindsight (Ex): Adds +4 to Spot and Listen checks

(already included above), negated by silence (visual range

10ft.).

DFerret Familiar: CR ; Diminutive magical beast; HD

1; hp  masters; Init +2; Spd 15 ft., climb 15 ft.; AC 17

(touch  16,  flat-footed  15);  Atk  +6  melee  (1d24,  bite);

Face/Reach 1 ft. by 1 ft./0 ft.; SA Attach; SQ Scent, grants +2

modifier on Ref saves, granted abilities; AL Any; SV Fort +2,

Ref +4, Will +3; Str 3, Dex 15, Con 10, Int 6, Wis 12, Cha 5.

Skills and Feats: Balance +10, Climb +11, Hide +13, Move

Silently +9, Spot +4 (or masters, if better); Weapon Finesse

(bite).

Attach (Ex): On a hit with its bite attack, it automati-

cally deals bite damage each round (attached AC 15).

DHedgehog Familiar: CR ; Diminutive magical beast;

HD 1; hp  masters; Init +0; Spd 15 ft.; AC 17 (touch 15,

flat-footed 16); Atk +5 melee (1d34, bite); Face/Reach 1

CHAPTER  1:  ARCANE  LORE

ft. by 1 ft./0 ft.; SA Poison; SQ Grants +1 natural armor

bonus, granted abilities, defensive ball; AL Any; SV Fort

+2, Ref +3, Will +3; Str 3, Dex 12, Con 10, Int 6, Wis 12,

Cha 5.

Skills and Feats: Hide +17, Listen +5, Spot +5 (or masters,

if better); Weapon Finesse (bite).

Poison (Ex): When in defensive ball (see below), spines

poison  foes  touching  hedgehog;  Fort  save  (DC  10);

initial and secondary damage 1d2 temporary Dexterity.

Defensive  Ball  (Ex):  Rolls  up  as  a  standard  action,

granting a +2 circumstance modifier on saves and AC.

Unrolling is a free action.

DMouse Familiar: CR ; Fine magical beast; HD 1; hp

 masters; Init +0; Spd 10 ft., climb 10 ft.; AC 19 (touch

18, flat-footed 19); Atk -; Face/Reach  ft. by  ft./0 ft.;

SQ Scent, grants +2 modifier on Move Silently checks,

granted abilities; AL Any; SV Fort +2, Ref +2, Will +3;

Str 1, Dex 11, Con 10, Int 6, Wis 12, Cha 2.

Skills: Balance +8, Climb +10, Hide +20, Move Silently

+12 (or masters, if better).

DScreech Owl Familiar: CR ; Diminutive magical

beast; HD 1; hp  masters; Init +3; Spd 10 ft, fly 30 ft.

(average); AC 18 (touch 17, flat-footed 15); Atk +7 melee

(1d23, claws); Face/Reach 1 ft. by 1 ft./0 ft.; SQ Grants

+2 modifier on Move Silently checks, granted abilities;

AL Any; SV Fort +2, Ref +5, Will +4; Str 4, Dex 17, Con 10,

Int 6, Wis 14, Cha 4.

Skills and Feats: Listen +14, Move Silently +20, Spot

+6/+8  in  dusk  and  darkness  (or  masters,  if  better);

Weapon Finesse (claws).

DShrew Familiar: CR ; Fine magical beast; HD 1; hp

 masters; Init +3; Spd 15 ft., climb 15 ft; AC 22 (touch

21,  flat-footed  19);  Atk  +11  melee  (1d25  and  poison,

bite); Face/Reach  ft. by  ft./0 ft.; SA Poison; SQ Scent,

granted abilities; AL Any; SV Fort +2, Ref +5, Will +3;

Str 1, Dex 17, Con 11, Int 6, Wis 12, Cha 2.

Skills and Feats: Balance +11, Climb +12, Hide +23, Listen

+8, Spot +8 (or masters, if better); Weapon Finesse (bite).

Poison (Ex): Bite; Fort save (DC 11); initial and second-

ary damage 1d2 Constitution.

DSparrow Hawk Familiar: CR ; Diminutive magical

beast; HD 1; hp  masters; Init +3; Spd 10 ft., fly 50 ft.

(average); AC 18 (touch 17, flat-footed 15); Atk +7 melee

(1d33, claws); Face/Reach 1 ft. by 1 ft./0 ft.; SQ Granted

abilities; AL Any; SV Fort +2, Ref +5, Will +4; Str 4, Dex 17,

Con 10, Int 6, Wis 14, Cha 6.

Skills and Feats: Listen +6, Spot +6/+8 in daylight (or

masters, if better); Weapon Finesse (claws).

DThrush Familiar: CR ; Diminutive magical beast;

HD 1; hp  masters; Init +2; Spd 10 ft., fly 40 ft. (aver-

age); AC 17 (touch 16, flat-footed 15); Atk ; Face/Reach

1 ft. by 1 ft./0 ft.; SQ Speaks one language, granted abili-

ties; AL Any; SV Fort +2, Ref +4, Will +4; Str 1, Dex 15,

Con 10, Int 6, Wis 14, Cha 6.

Skills: Listen +6, Spot +6 (or masters, if better).

13

CHAPTER  1:  ARCANE  LORE

DToad Familiar: CR ; Diminutive magical beast;

HD 1; hp  masters; Init +1; Spd 5 ft.; AC 16 (touch 15,

flat-footed 15); Atk -; Face/Reach 1 ft. by 1 ft./0 ft.; SQ

Grants +2 Constitution, granted abilities; AL Any; SV

Fort +2, Ref +3, Will +4; Str 1, Dex 12, Con 11, Int 6,

Wis 14, Cha 4.

Skills: Hide +21, Listen +5, Spot +5 (or masters, if

better).

Familiars for Huge or Bigger Masters

Masters larger than the usual size can have proportion-

ately larger familiars, as shown below.

TABLE 1-2: FAMILIARS FOR HUGE OR BIGGER MASTERS

Special

Special

Special

Special

Special

Familiar

Familiar

Familiar

Familiar

Familiar

Bat  (small) 

Dire  rat

Eagle

(medium-size)

Giant  lizard Master  gains  +2  to  Constitution  score

Leopard

Master  gains  a  +2  modifier  on  Fortitude  saves



Master  gains  a  +2  modifier  on  Move  Silently

checks

Has  low-light  vision;  master  gains  a  +2  modifier

Owl

(Medium-size) on  Move  Silently  checks

Raven (small) Speaks  one  language

Viper

(Medium-size)

Wolverine Master  gains  a  +2  modifier  on  Reflex  saves

Poisonous  bite

Statistics

Here are basic statistics for familiars shown on Table 1-2.

Each assumes a 1st-level master with no additional class

or race bonuses to attacks or saving throws.

Granted Abilities: In addition to their own special

qualities, all familiars grant their master the Alertness

feat, improved evasion, empathic link, and shared spells

at 1st level (see above).

DSmall Bat Familiar: CR ; Small magical beast;

HD 1; hp  masters; Init +1; Spd 10 ft., fly 40 ft. (good);

AC 13 (touch 12, flat-footed 12); Atk +2 melee (1d42,

bite); SQ Blindsight 120 ft., granted abilities; AL Any; SV

Fort +2, Ref +3, Will +4; Str 7, Dex 13, Con 10, Int 6,

Wis 14, Cha 4.

Skills and Feats: Listen +9, Move Silently +5, Spot +9 (or

masters, if better); Weapon Finesse (bite).

Blindsight (Ex): Adds +4 to Spot and Listen checks

(already included above), negated by silence (visual range

10ft.).

DDire Rat Familiar: CR ; Small magical beast; HD 1;

hp    masters;  Init  +3;  Spd  40  ft.,  climb  20  ft.;  AC  16

(touch 14, flat-footed 13); Atk +4 melee (1d4, bite); SA

Disease;  SQ  Scent,  grants  +2  modifier  on  Fort  saves,

granted abilities; AL Any; SV Fort +3, Ref +5, Will +3;

Str 10, Dex 17, Con 12, Int 6, Wis 12, Cha 4.

Skills and Feats: Climb +11, Hide +11, Move Silently +6

(or masters, if better); Weapon Finesse (bite).

Disease  (Ex):  Filth  fever-bite,  Fort  save  (DC  12),

incubation  period  1d3  days;  damage  1d3  temporary

14

Dexterity and 1d3 temporary Constitution (see Disease,

page 74 of the DUNGEON MASTERS Guide).

DMedium-Size Eagle Familiar: CR ; Medium-size

magical beast; HD 2; hp 13 or  masters; Init +1; Spd 10

ft., fly 80 ft. (average); AC 13 (touch 11, flat-footed 12);

Atk +3 melee (1d4+2, 2 claws), +1 melee (1d6+1, bite); SQ

Granted abilities; AL Any; SV Fort +5, Ref +4, Will +4;

Str 14, Dex 13, Con 14, Int 6, Wis 14, Cha 6.

Skills and Feats: Listen +6, Spot +6/+14 in daylight (or

masters, if better); Multiattack.

DGiant Lizard Familiar: CR ; Medium-size magical

beast; HD 3; hp 22 or  masters; Init +2; Spd 30 ft.,

swim 30 ft.; AC 16 (touch 12, flat-footed 14); Atk +5 melee

(1d8+4, bite); SQ Grants +2 Constitution, granted abili-

ties; AL Any; SV Fort +6, Ref +5, Will +3; Str 17, Dex 15,

Con 17, Int 6, Wis 12, Cha 2.

Skills: Climb +9, Hide +7/+15 in forested or overgrown

areas, Listen +4, Move Silently +6, Spot +4 (or masters, if

better).

DLeopard Familiar: CR ; Medium-size magical beast;

HD 3; hp 19 or  masters; Init +4; Spd 40 ft., climb 20 ft;

AC 16 (touch 14, flat-footed 12); Atk +6 melee (1d6+3, bite),

+1 melee (1d3+1, 2 claws); SA Improved grab, pounce,

rake  1d3+1;  SQ  Grants  +2  modifier  on  Move  Silently

checks, granted abilities; AL Any; SV Fort +5, Ref +7,

Will +3; Str 16, Dex 19, Con 15, Int 6, Wis 12, Cha 6.

Skills and Feats: Balance +12, Climb +11, Hide +9/+17 in

tall grass or heavy undergrowth, Listen +6, Move Silently

+9, Spot +6 (or masters, if better); Weapon Finesse (bite,

claw).

Improved Grab (Ex): On a hit with its bite attack

against Small or smaller opponents, deals normal damage

and attempts to start a grapple as a free action without

provoking an attack of opportunity. If it gets a hold, it can

rake.

Pounce (Ex): If a leopard leaps upon a foe during the

first round of combat, it can make a full attack even if it

has already taken a move action.

Rake (Ex): On a pounce or successful hold, can make

two rake attacks (+6 melee) with its hind legs for 1d3+1

damage each.

DMedium-Size  Owl  Familiar:  CR  ;  Medium-size

magical beast; HD 2; hp 13 or  masters; Init +1; Spd 10

ft., fly 60 ft. (average); AC 14 (touch 11, flat-footed 13);

Atk +2 melee (1d4+2, 2 claws), +0 melee (1d6+1, bite); SQ

Grants  +2  modifier  on  Move  Silently  checks,  granted

abilities; AL Any; SV Fort +4, Ref +4, Will +4; Str 14,

Dex 13, Con 12, Int 6, Wis 14, Cha 4.

Skills and Feats: Listen +14, Move Silently +19, Spot +6/

+14 in dusk or darkness (or masters, if better); Multi-

attack.

DSmall Raven Familiar: CR ; Small magical beast;

HD 1; hp  masters; Init +1; Spd 10 ft., fly 40 ft. (aver-

age); AC 13 (touch 12, flat-footed 12); Atk +2 melee

(1d33, claws); SQ Speaks one language, granted abilities;

CHAPTER  1:  ARCANE  LORE

AL Any; SV Fort +3, Ref +3, Will +4; Str 5, Dex 13, Con 12,

Int 6, Wis 14, Cha 6.

Skills and Rats: Listen +6, Spot +6 (or masters, if better);

Weapon Finesse (claws).

DMedium-Size Viper Familiar: CR ; Medium-size

magical beast; HD 2; hp 9 or  masters; Init +3; Spd 20

ft., climb 20 ft., swim 20 ft.; AC 17 (touch 13, flat-footed

14); Atk +4 melee (1d4-1 and poison, bite); SA Poison; SQ

Scent, granted abilities; AL Any; SV Fort +3, Ref +6,

Will +3; Str 8, Dex 17, Con 11, Int 6, Wis 12, Cha 2.

Skills and Feats: Balance +11, Climb +11, Hide +12,

Listen +9, Spot +9 (or masters, if better); Weapon Finesse

(bite).

D Fiendish Viper Familiar: CR ; Tiny magical beast;

HD 3; hp  masters; Init +3; Spd 15 ft., climb 15 ft., swim

15  ft.;  AC  19  (touch  15,  flat-footed  16);  Atk  +6  melee

(poison, bite); Face/Reach 2  ft. by 2  ft. (coiled)/0 ft.;

SA Poison, smite good; SQ Cold and fire resistance 5,

darkvision 60 ft., scent, granted abilities, touch; SR 2; AL

any evil; SV Fort +2, Ref +5, Will +4; Str 6, Dex 17, Con 11,

Int 7, Wis 12, Cha 2.

Skills and Feats: Balance +11, Climb +12, Hide +18,

Listen +8, Spot +8 (or masters, if better); Weapon Finesse

(bite).

Poison (Ex): Bite; Fort save (DC 11); initial and second-

ary damage 1d6 temporary Constitution.

Smite Good (Su): Once per day, make a normal melee

Poison (Ex): Bite, Fort save (DC 11); initial and second-

attack to deal +1 damage against a good foe.

ary damage 1d6 temporary Constitution.

DWolverine Familiar: CR ; Medium-size magical

beast;  HD  3;  hp  25  or    masters;  Init  +2;  Spd  30  ft.,

burrow 10 ft., climb 10 ft.; AC 15 (touch 12, flat-footed

13);  Atk  +4  melee  (1d4+2,  2  claws),  1  melee  (1d6+1,

bite); SA Rage; SQ Grants +2 to Ref saves, granted abili-

ties, scent; AL Any; SV Fort +7, Ref +5, Will +3; Str 14,

Dex 15, Con 19, Int 6, Wis 12, Cha 10.

DFormian Worker  Familiar: CR ; Small  outsider

(Lawful); HD 7; hp  masters; Init +2; Spd 40 ft.; AC 21

(touch 13, flat-footed 19); Atk +5 melee (1d4+1, bite); SQ

Electricity,  fire,  and  sonic  resistance  20,  immune  to

poison, petrification and cold, granted abilities, speak

with master, touch; AL LN; SV Fort +3, Ref +4, Will +5;

Str 13, Dex 14, Con 13, Int 9, Wis 10, Cha 9.

Skills and Feats: Climb +3, Craft (any one) +4 (or masters,

Skills:  Climb  +15,  Listen  +6,  Spot  +6  (or  masters,  if

if better); Skill Focus (Craft).

better).

Rage (Ex): If it takes damage in combat, on the follow-

ing round gains +4 Strength, +4 Constitution, and -2 AC;

can end rage voluntarily as a free action.

Improved Familiars

Arcane spellcasters who take the Improved Familiar feat

(see Chapter 2: Feats) may choose a new familiar from a

nonstandard list. These creatures have unusual special abil-

ities but otherwise follow the general rules for familiars.

Statistics

Here are basic statistics for the improved familiars shown

on Table 2-2 in Chapter 2: Feats, as well as the alternate

improved familiars on Table 2-3. Each assumes a master of

the minimum required level with no additional class or

race bonuses to attacks or saving throws.

Granted Abilities: In addition to their own special

qualities, all familiars grant their master the Alertness

feat, improved evasion, empathic link, and shared spells

at 1st level (see above).

DCelestial Hawk Familiar: CR ; Tiny magical beast;

HD 3; hp  masters; Init +3; Spd 10 ft., fly 60 ft. (aver-

age); AC 19 (touch 15, flat-footed 16); Atk +6 melee

(1d4-2,  claws);  Face/Reach  2    ft.  by  2    ft./0  ft.;  SA

Smite  evil;  SQ  Acid,  cold,  and  electricity  resistance  5,

darkvision 60 ft., granted abilities, touch; SR 2; AL any

good; SV Fort +2, Ref +5, Will +5; Str 6, Dex 17, Con 10,

Int 7, Wis 14, Cha 6.

Skills and Feats: Listen +6, Spot +6/+14 in daylight (or

masters, if better); Weapon Finesse (claws).

Smite Evil (Su): Once per day, make a normal melee

attack to deal +1 damage against an evil foe.

DHomunculus Familiar: CR ; Tiny construct; HD 7;

hp  masters; Init +2; Spd 20 ft., fly 50 ft. (good); AC 18

(touch 14, flat-footed 16); Atk +4 melee (1d41 and poison,

bite); Face/Reach 2  ft. by 2  ft./0 ft.; SA Poison; SQ

Granted abilities, touch, speak with master, construct;

AL Any; SV Fort +2, Ref +4, Will +6; Str 8, Dex 15, Con -,

Int 10, Wis 12, Cha 7.

Skills: As masters.

Poison (Ex): Bite, Fort save (DC 11); initial damage

sleep for 1 minute, secondary damage sleep for another

5d6 minutes.

Construct:  Immune  to  mind-influencing  effects,

poison, disease, and similar effects. Not subject to critical

hits, subdual damage, ability damage, energy drain, or

death from massive damage.

DIce Mephit Familiar: CR; Small outsider (air, cold);

HD 7; hp  masters; Init +7; Spd 30 ft, fly 50 ft. (perfect);

AC 22 (touch 14, flat-footed 19); Atk +4 melee (1d3+2 cold,

2 claws); SA Breath weapon, spell-like abilities, summon

mephit; SQ Granted abilities, touch, speak with master,

cold subtype, fast healing 2; AL Any; SV Fort +3, Ref +6,

Will +5; Str 10, Dex 17, Con 10, Int 12, Wis 11, Cha 15.

Skills and Feats: Bluff +6, Hide +12, Listen +6, Move

Silently  +9,  Spot  +6  (or  masters,  if  better);  Improved

Initiative.

Breath Weapon (Su): Usable once every 1d4 rounds.

Cone of ice shards, 10 feet; damage 1d4, Ref half DC 12

or suffer a -4 morale penalty to AC and -2 morale penalty

to attack rolls for 3 rounds.

Spell-Like Abilities: 1/hourmagic missile as the spell

cast by a 3rd-level sorcerer; 1/daychill metal as the spell

cast by a 6th-level sorcerer; save DC 12 + spell level.

Summon Mephit (Sp): Once per day, can summon

15

CHAPTER  1:  ARCANE  LORE

another ice mephit as if casting a summon monster spell,

but with only a 25% chance of success. Summoned crea-

tures automatically return whence they came after 1 hour.

A mephit that has just been summoned cannot use its

own summon ability for 1 hour.

Cold Subtype: Cold immunity; double damage from

fire except on successful save.

Fast Healing (Ex): Regains 2 hit points per round if

touching a piece of ice of at least Tiny size or if the ambi-

ent temperature is freezing or below.

DImp Familiar: CR ; Tiny outsider (evil, lawful);

HD 7; hp  masters; Init +3; Spd 20 ft., fly 50 ft. (perfect);

AC 22 (touch 15, flat-footed 19); Atk +8 melee (1d4 and

poison,  sting);  Face/Reach  2    ft.  by  2    ft./0  ft.;  SA

Spell-like abilities, poison; SQ Damage reduction 5/silver,

poison immunity, fire resistance 20, see in darkness, alter-

nate form, regeneration 2, granted abilities, touch, speak

with master; SR 5; AL LE; SV Fort +3, Ref +6, Will +6; Str

10, Dex 17, Con 10, Int 10, Wis 12, Cha 10.

Skills and Feats: Hide +15, Listen +5, Move Silently +5,

Search +5, Spellcraft +5, Spot +5 (or masters, if better);

Dodge, Weapon Finesse (sting).

Spell-Like Abilities: At willdetect good, detect magic,

invisibility (self only); 1/daysuggestion. These abilities

are as the spells cast by a 6th-level sorcerer (save DC 10+

spell level).

Poison (Ex): Sting; Fort save (DC 13); initial damage

1d4 temporary Dexterity, secondary damage 2d4 tempo-

rary Dexterity.

See in Darkness (Su): Can see perfectly in darkness

of any kind, even that created by deeper darkness spells.

Alternate Form (Su): As polymorph self cast by a 12th-

level sorcerer, except that an individual imp can assume only

one or two forms no larger than Medium-size. Common

forms include monstrous spider, raven, rat, and boar.

Regeneration (Ex): Takes normal damage from acid

and  from  holy  and  blessed  weapons  (if  silver  or

enchanted).

DPseudodragon Familiar: CR ; Tiny dragon; HD

7; hp  masters; Init +0; Spd 15 ft., fly 60 ft. (good); AC

22 (touch 12, flat-footed 22); Atk +5 melee (1d3 and poison,

sting), +0 melee (1, bite); Face/Reach 2  ft. by 2 

ft./0 ft.; SA Poison; SQ Granted abilities, touch, speak

with master, immunity to sleep and paralysis, see invisi-

bility, telepathy; AL NG; SV Fort +4, Ref +3, Will +6; Str

11, Dex 11, Con 13, Int 10, Wis 12, Cha 10.

Skills and Feats: Hide +16/+24 in forests or overgrown

areas, Intuit Direction +3, Listen +5, Search +2, Spot +5

(or masters, if better); Alertness.

Poison (Ex): Sting; Fort save (DC 12); initial damage

sleep for 1 minute, secondary damage sleep for 1d3 days.

See Invisibility (Ex): Continuously as the spell, range

60 feet.

Telepathy  (Su):  Communicate  telepathically  with

creatures that speak Common or Sylvan, within 60 feet.

DQuasit Familiar: CR ; Tiny outsider (chaotic, evil);

HD  7;  hp    masters;  Init  +3;  Spd  20  ft.,  fly  50  ft.

(perfect); AC 22 (touch 15, flat-footed 19); Atk +8 melee

(1d3-1 and poison, 2 claws), +3 melee (1d4-1, bite); Face/

Reach 2  ft. by 2  ft./0 ft.; SA Spell-like abilities, poison;

SQ Damage reduction 5/silver, fire resistance 20, poison

immunity, darkvision 60 ft., alternate form regeneration

2, granted abilities, speak with master, touch; SR 5; AL

CE; SV Fort +3, Ref +6, Will +6; Str 8 Dex 17, Con 10, Int

10, Wis 12, Cha 10.

Skills and Feats: Hide +14, Listen +6, Move Silently +6

Search +4, Spellcraft +4, Spot +6 (or masters, if better)

Weapon Finesse (bite, claw).

Spell-Like Abilities: At willdetect good, detect magic

and invisibility (self only); 1/daycause fear (as the spell

but 30-foot radius). These abilities are as the spells cast by

a 6th-level sorcerer (save DC 10+ spell level). Once per

week  a  quasit  can  use  commune  to  ask  six  questions

(otherwise as the spell cast by a 12th-level cleric).

Poison (Ex): Claw; Fort save (DC 13); initial damage

1d4  temporary  Dexterity,  secondary  damage  2d4

temporary Dexterity.

Alternate Form (Su): As polymorph self cast by a 12th

level sorcerer, except that an individual quasit can assume

only  one  or  two  forms  no  larger  than  Medium-size

Common forms include bat, monstrous centipede, toad

and wolf.

Regeneration (Ex): Quasits take normal damage from

acid,  and  from  holy  and  blessed  weapons  (silver  or

enchanted).

DShocker Lizard Familiar: CR ; Small magical beast;

HD 5; hp  masters; Init +2; Spd 40 ft., climb 20 ft. swim

20 ft.; AC 19 (touch 13, flat-footed 17); Atk +3 melee (1d4,

bite); SA Stunning shock, lethal shock; SQ Electricity

sense, electricity immunity, granted abilities, speak with

master, touch; AL Any; SV Fort +4, Ref +5, Will +5; Str 10,

Dex 15, Con 13, Int 8, Wis 12, Cha 6.

Skills and Feats: Climb +12, Hide +11, Jump +4, Listen

+4, Spot +4 (or masters, if better); Alertness.

Stunning  Shock (Su):  Once  per  round,  deals  2d8

point of subdual damage to living opponents within 5

feet (Ref half DC 12).

Lethal Shock (Su): Two or more shocker lizard within

25 feet of each other can work together to create a lethal

shock; 25-foot radius, centered on any one contributing

lizard; damage 2d8 per contributing lizard (Ref half DC

10 +number of lizards contributing).

Electricity  Sense  (Ex):  Automatically  detect  any

electrical discharges within 100 feet.

DSmall Air Elemental Familiar: CR ; Small elemen-

tal  (air);  HD  5;  hp    masters;  Init  +7;  Spd  fly  100  ft.

(perfect); AC 20 (touch 14, flat-footed 17); Atk +6 melee

(1d4,  slam);  SA  Air  mastery,  whirlwind;  SQ  Granted

abilities, touch, speak with master, elemental; AL Any;

SV Fort +1, Ref +6, Will +4; Str 10, Dex 17, Con 10, Int 8,

Wis 11, Cha 11.

Skills and Feats: Listen +5, Spot +5 (or masters, if better

Flyby Attack, Improved Initiative, Weapon Finesse (slam)

Air  Mastery (Ex):  Airborne  creatures  suffer  a  1

penalty to attack and damage rolls against an air elemental.

16

CHAPTER  1:  ARCANE  LORE

Whirlwind (Su): Once every 10 minutes, transform

into whirlwind for 1 round; 5-foot base, up to 30-foot top,

10-20 feet tall. Move at fly speed.

Tiny or smaller creatures must succeed at a Ref save

(DC 11) or take 1d4 points of damage, and at a second Ref

save (DC 11) or be picked up and held. Flying creatures

can attempt a Ref save to escape (still takes damage). The

elemental can eject carried creatures at any time.

If the base touches the ground, it creates a swirling

cloud of debris centered on the elemental, diameter half

the  whirlwinds  height,  obscures  all  vision  (including

darkvision) beyond 5 feet. Creatures 5 feet away have 50%

concealment, while those farther away have total conceal-

ment (see Concealment, page 133 of the Players Hand-

book). Those  caught  in  the  cloud  must  succeed  at  a

Concentration check (DC 11) to cast a spell.

Elemental: Immune to poison, sleep, paralysis, and

stunning; not subject to critical hits or flanking.

DSmall  Earth  Elemental  Familiar:  CR  ;  Small

elemental (earth); HD 5; hp  masters; Init -1; Spd 20

ft.;  AC  20  (touch  10,  flat-footed  20);  Atk  +6  melee

(1d6+4, slam); SA Earth mastery, push; SQ Granted abil-

ities, touch, speak with master, elemental; AL Any; SV

Fort +4, Ref +0, Will +4; Str 17, Dex 8, Con 13, Int 8, Wis

11, Cha 11.

Skills and Feats: Listen +5, Spot +5 (or masters, if better);

Power Attack.

Earth Mastery (Ex): +1 attack and damage modifier if

both it and its foe touch the ground, -4 penalty to attack

and damage against airborne or waterborne opponents.

Push (Ex): Can start a bull rush without provoking an

attack of opportunity. The combat modifiers given  in

Earth  Mastery,  above,  also  apply  to  the  elementals

opposed Strength checks.

Elemental: Immune to poison, sleep, paralysis, and

stunning; not subject to critical hits or flanking.

DSmall Fire Elemental Familiar: CR ; Small elemen-

tal (fire); HD 5; hp  masters; Init +5; Spd 50 ft; AC 18

(touch 12, flat-footed 17); Atk +4 melee (1d4+1d4 fire,

slam); SA Burn; SQ Granted abilities, touch, speak with

master, elemental, fire subtype; AL Any; SV Fort +1, Ref

+4, Will +4; Str 10, Dex 13, Con 10, Int 8, Wis 11, Cha 11.

Skills and Feats: Listen +5, Spot +5 (or masters, if better);

Improved Initiative, Weapon Finesse (slam).

Burn (Ex): Those hit by the fire elementals slam

attack, or hitting it with natural weapons or unarmed

attacks, must succeed at a Ref save (DC 11) or catch fire.

The flame burns for 1d4 rounds (see Catching on Fire,

page 86 of the DUNGEON MASTERS Guide). A burning crea-

ture can take a move-equivalent  action  to  put  out  the

flame.

Elemental: Immune to poison, sleep, paralysis, and

stunning; not subject to critical hits or flanking.

Fire Subtype: Fire immunity, double damage from

cold except on a successful save.

20 ft., swim 90 ft.; AC 20 (touch 11, flat-footed 20); Atk +5

melee (1d6+3, slam); SA Water mastery, drench, vortex;

SQ Granted abilities, touch, speak with master, elemental;

AL Any; SV Fort +4, Ref +1, Will +4; Str 14, Dex 10,

Con 13, Int 8, Wis 11, Cha 11.

Skills and Feats: Listen +5, Spot +5 (or masters, if better);

Power Attack.

Water Mastery (Ex): +1 attack and damage modifier if

both it and its foe touch water, -4 penalty to attack and

damage against landbound opponents.

Drench (Ex): The elementals touch puts out torches,

campfires, exposed lanterns, and other open flames of

nonmagical origin of Large size or smaller. Can dispel

magical fire it touches as dispel magic cast by a 2nd-level

caster.

Vortex (Su): Once every 10 minutes, transform into

whirlpool for 1 round if underwater; 5-foot base, up to

30-foot top, 10-20 feet tall. Move at swim speed.

Tiny or smaller creatures must succeed at a Ref save

(DC 11) or take 1d4 points of damage, and at a second Ref

save (DC 11) or be picked up and held. Swimming crea-

tures can attempt a Ref save to escape (still takes damage).

The elemental can eject carried creatures at any time.

If the base touches the bottom, it creates a swirling

cloud of debris centered on the elemental, diameter half

the  whirlpools  height,  obscures  all  vision  (including

darkvision) beyond 5 feet. Creatures 5 feet away have 50%

concealment, while those farther away have total conceal-

ment (see Concealment, page 133 of the Players Handbook).

Those caught in the cloud must succeed at a Concen-

tration check (DC 11) to cast a spell.

Elemental: Immune to poison, sleep, paralysis, and

stunning; not subject to critical hits or flanking.

DStirge  Familiar:  CR  ; Tiny  beast;  HD  5;  hp  

masters;  Init +4; Spd 10 ft., fly 40 ft. (average);  AC 19

(touch 16, flat-footed 15); Atk +8 melee (1d3-4, touch);

Face/Reach  2    ft.  by  2    ft./0  ft.;  SA  Attach,  blood

drain; SQ Granted abilities, speak with master, touch; AL

Any; SV Fort +2, Ref +6, Will +5; Str 3, Dex 19, Con 10,

Int 8, Wis 12, Cha 6.

Skills and Feats: Hide +14 (or masters, if better); Weapon

Finesse (touch).

Attach (Ex): If a stirge hits with a touch attack, it

latches onto the opponents body (attached AC 12).

Blood Drain (Ex): An attached stirge deals 1d4 points

of temporary Constitution damage each round. Once it

has  drained  4  points  of  Constitution,  it  detaches  and

cannot drain blood again for 8 hours.

Familiars in Combat

As a wizard or sorcerer, you probably dont relish physical

combatdirect physical confrontation is not your strong

suit. With a familiar in tow, chances are youre even more

reluctant to get into battle. Even a high-level characters

familiar is easy prey for any foe powerful enough to chal-

lenge her.

DSmall  Water  Elemental  Familiar:  CR  ;  Small

elemental  (water);  HD  5;  hp    masters;  Init  +0;  Spd

The best protection you can offer your familiar while

adventuring is to leave it at home, or at least in camp. Not

17

CHAPTER  1:  ARCANE  LORE

only does this strategy keep the familiar safe from the

perils you face, it also leaves a trustworthy sentinel to

watch  over  your  goods  and  defend  them  if  necessary.

Even if the familiar cannot prevent a raid, it can provide

you  with  an  eyewitness  account  of  the  event  or  even

shadow the trespassers back to their own base.

As long as you remain within a mile of your familiar,

you can learn about any trouble instantly (thanks to the

empathic link you share). If you range farther afield, you

can use scrying to keep up to date. The familiar is an easy

subject for the attempt, and if you are 13th level or higher

you can scry on it once per day without recourse to a spell

or a scrying device.

If your familiar does come adventuring, though, you

should take precautions to protect it from harm.

Physical Threats

Even with its increased Armor Class and hit points, a

familiar is more vulnerable to melee and ranged attacks

than you are. However, it can always occupy the same

space as you, enjoying one-half cover when it does so.

This grants the familiar a +4 modifier to AC, and more

importantly, makes it impossible for foes to make attacks

of  opportunity  against  it.  Sharing  a  space  does  not

hamper either being, because of the empathic link (the

familiar instinctively stays out of your way, and at the

same time, you instinctively avoid stepping on or trip-

ping over it). The one drawback is that its possible an

attack aimed at the familiar could strike you instead (see

page 133 of the Players Handbook).

Alternatively,  you  can  carry  a  box,  pocket,  or  other

container in which the familiar can hide and benefit

from  total  cover. Several  specialty  items  exist  for  this

purpose (see Chapter 4: Tools of the Trade).

The  careful  master  also  protects  her  familiar  with

defensive magic. This is easy  to do with  the  ability  to

share spells such as blink, blur, displacement, mage armor,

and mirror image.

Magical Threats

In general, area spells are the biggest threats to a familiars

long-term survival. Fortunately, most of these allow

Reflex  saving  throws  for  half  damage,  and  a  familiars

improved evasion ability often allows it to escape damage

from an area spell altogether.

A  failed  save  means  the  familiar  takes  only  half

damage. Unfortunately, this can still be deadly because it

does not have many hit points. Anything that improves a

familiars Reflex saves improves its chance to survive. The

cover modifier from sharing your space (see above) also

grants a +2 modifier on Reflex saves, so keep your famil-

iar close by unless you have good reason to have it else-

where.

Spells that provide protection from energy attacks are

good insurance against a familiars occasional failed

Reflex save. Protection from elements is effective in this

regard,  but  you  have  to  correctly  guess  what  types  of

attacks you will encounter. Fortunately, this spell can be

shared. If you expect a prolonged battle, you would do

well to cast minor globe of invulnerability or globe of invul-

nerability. These spells  exclude hostile spell effects while

allowing you to cast your own spells without hindrance.

Of course, if you or the familiar have to leave the spell

immobile sphere, the protection is lost, but it is effective

as long as you can afford to stand your ground.

Effects that fill an area or affect multiple targets, but

that do not allow Reflex saves, are particularly dangerous

to familiars. More of these exist than you might think:

acid fog, cloudkill, horrid wilting, magic missile, the various

power word spells, sound burst, shout, and wail of the banshee

to name a few. Many of these are high-level spells, so you

dont need to worry about them too muchat least not

right  away.  On  the  other  hand,  if  you  do  have  to  face

them, otherwise reliable defenses wont be effective. The

example, minor globe of invulnerability cant stop spell

higher than 3rd-level, and protection from elements doesnt

help  against  horrid  wilting.  Spell  resistance  offers  some

protection against everything, though, and its worth cast-

ing even if your familiar already has spell resistance (the

spell provides a better spell resistance). Best of all, you

and your familiar can share the spell. Also effective is

protection from spells (although this powerful spell is expen-

sive  to  cast).  If  you  know  what  spells  youll  face,  and

theres a cleric in the party who can do so, ask to have spell

immunity cast on your familiar.

It can be difficult to defend against spells that attack

your familiar directly, such as magic missile, charm monster,

or finger of death, but many of the preceding tips are effec-

tive in this situation too.

Charm and compulsion spells cast against a familiar

can be most inconvenient but not necessarily disastrous.

Anytime your familiar makes a successful save against

such a spell (or any spell without an obvious physical

effect), youll know it if the familiar is within one mile

because it informs you through the empathic link about

the hostile force or tingle it felt. If your familiar fails the

save,  youll  also  know  immediately  that  something  is

wrong if youre within one mile. Theres little you can do

if your familiar falls under a compulsion effect. If it is

within reach, you can try to grab it and hold on before it

can hurt itself or do something you dont like, or you can

try to dispel the effect. Charm effects are easier to deal

with. If you give the charmed familiar a contradictory

order,  it  gets  a  new  saving  throw  (provided  the  spell

allows  a  new  save  when  the  subject  is  ordered  to  do

some-thing against its nature). Smart masters instruct

their  familiars  never  to  take  orders  from  anyone  or

anything other than themselves. The familiar remembers

this and get a new saving throw whenever it receives an

order while under a charm effect.

Familiars and Magic Items

A great way to both protect your familiar and give it some

offensive power is to equip it with magic items. You can

purchase items especially for your familiar or give it items

you no longer need, such as a ring of protection +1 once you

have acquired a ring +2.

What magic items can familiars use? Since most fit

users of any size, the simple answer is quite a few. Some

exceptions exist, though. Familiars cant use items that

18

CHAPTER  1:  ARCANE  LORE

require  spell    completion  or  spell  trigger  activation,

because they are not spellcasters. Likewise, familiars

that cannot speak cant use command words. Most lack

weapon proficiencies and prehensile appendages, so

they cannot employ weapons, either. That still leaves

potions (though you may have to open and pour from

the vial), rings, and most items that can be worn or

carried.

Page  176  of  the  DUNGEON  MASTERS Guide  sets  out

where a humanoid creature can wear various types of

items. Familiars have equivalent locations. For example,

a quadruped uses its back feet for items worn on the feet

and its front feet for those worn on the hands. For

avians, treat the feet and legs as hands and arms and the

wings as legs and feet. The wings of a flying humanoid

or quadruped, such as an imp or pseudodragon, do not

provide extra locations for magic items. The creature can

wear leg items on its wings or hind legs, but not both.

A snake simply wears items over its head or body.

Your DM may decide that some items dont fit

your familiars body type. You might persuade her to

let your cat wear boots, citing the tale Puss in Boots as

an  example,  but  dont  count  on  boots  for  your  viper.

Creatures such as owls and bats tend to have a hard

time with cloaks, which interfere with their wings. In

most cases, even if your familiar cant use a given item,

its possible to make (or have made) a usable equiva-

lent. For example, you might fashion winghands of speed

for a bat or hawks wings, which would work just like

boots of speed.

CLOSE-UP ON SKILLS

This  section  contains  some  tips  and  suggestions  for

making the best use of the Knowledge (arcana) and Spell-

craft skills, which many sorcerers and wizards have.

Which Skill to Use?

When do you make a Spellcraft check and when do you

use Knowledge (arcana)? In some cases, the results are

similar. Its the situation that makes the difference.

Spellcraft is the ability to study and understand active

magic. Use this skill when a character is trying to analyze

or identify a magical effect or aura. A Spellcraft check is

appropriate any time the character is trying to draw on

experience or intuition to assess some magical phenome-

non,  rather  than  trying  to  remember  something  she

might have read or heard somewhere.

Knowledge (arcana) involves academic learning about

magic, and requires no actual training in the magical arts.

Many nonspellcasters are knowledgeable in this field.

Use this skill when a character is merely trying to recall

some fact that applies to a magical effect, place, object, or

creature.

Spellcraft

This  skill  allows  you  identify  spells  either  as  they  are

being cast or once they have taken effect. It has many

uses, and often its essential. See page 74 of the Players

Handbook for additional information.

Spells Being Cast

The DC for identifying a spell as it is being cast is 15+ the

spell level. You scrutinize the spellcaster, listening to the

words used in the spell, observing the casters gestures,

and noting any material components or focus. For each of

these elements you cannot discern, the DC increases by

+2. For example, if a foe casts a still and silent spell, your

Spellcraft check DC increases by +4.

You can use Spellcraft to identify a spell even if the

spell has no verbal, somatic, or material component

theres no mistaking the concentration magic requires.

However, you still must be able to see or hear the spell-

caster.

Distance is also a factor. Under normal lighting and

good visibility, you can see and analyze somatic gestures

up to 90 feet away and material components up to 60 feet

away. You can hear verbal components up to 30 feet away,

assuming there is no auditory interference. Beyond these

ranges, the requisite elements cannot be discerned. Like-

wise, if the prevailing conditions dont allow you to note

an element of a spell, the DC increases. For example, if

the spellcaster is completely concealed by darkness or

fog, your Spellcraft check DC increases by +4 (because

you cant see his gestures or material components).

Spells Already in Effect

Its useful to know the difference between stinking cloud

and cloudkill, or whether the ringing you hear is a normal

bell or an alarm spell. The Spellcraft check DC for identi-

fying existing effects is 20+ the spell level. The spell in

question  must  produce  something  you  can  see,  hear,

taste, smell, or touch, such as fireball, lightning bolt, clouds,

fogs, and sounds. You cannot identify effects you dont

sense directly. For example, you cannot identify a light-

ning bolt by the sound it makes. In some cases, though,

you can identify a spell by observing its consequences.

For example, if you encounter a hasted creature, you can

note its speedy actions. Likewise, you can use Spellcraft

to figure out whether a mobile object has been animated

or is merely being moved by a mage hand or other force.

Magically Created Materials

You can tell if an iron barrier is the result of a wall of iron

spell or if a particular item was created with a spell such a

minor creation. This is a form of identifying existing effects

and  has  the  same  DC. You  also  can  make  a  Spellcraft

check to tell if a creature or object has been polymorphed,

though you cannot tell what its original form was.

Strange Magical Effects

Understanding an unknown or unique effect is similar to

identifying a spell effect that is in place, but it is not a

spell. You can observe the effect and try to surmise what

it does. For example, if you find a fountain whose waters

cause insanity when consumed, you can try to deduce

that effect. The DM may require you to do something

risky, such as touching or tasting the water.

19

CHAPTER  1:  ARCANE  LORE

DM Note:

DM Note:

DM Note:

DM Note:

DM Note:

Recalling Information

Recalling Information

Recalling Information

Recalling Information

Recalling Information

Heres  a  handy  trick  that  can

help  move  a  story  along.  If  a

player has forgotten some bit of

arcane  lore  that  his  character

would know the DM can ask for

a Knowledge (arcana) check to

jog  the  characters  memory.

Dont overuse this, though, or

players may end up feeling they

either dont need to remember

details  or  that  they  do  not

control the situation.

DC  10:

DC  10:

DC  10:  Recalling  common

DC  10:

DC  10:

knowledge,  such  as  that  silver

weapons hurt lycanthrope.

DC  15:

DC  15:

DC  15:  Recalling  special-

DC  15:

DC  15:

ized knowledge, such as that

fiendish  creatures  have  cold

resistance.

DC  20:

DC  20:

DC  20:  Recalling  esoteric

DC  20:

DC  20:

knowledge,  such  as  which

spells affect a particular kind

of golem.

Setting  the  check  DC  for  this  use  of

Spellcraft is tricky. A good rule of thumb is

30+  the  level  of  the  spell  the  effect  most

closely resembles. For example, a DC of 37 is

reasonable  for  identifying  the  insanity-

inducing fountain, since the insanity spell is

7th level.

Knowledge (Arcana)

This skill represents your personal collection

of facts regarding magic. You can use Knowl-

edge  (arcana)  to  guess  what  might  happen

when you try to use a particular item or to

recognize  magical  phenomena.  Here  are

some examples of what you can do and typical

DCs for the attempt.

DC  10: Telling  the  difference  between  a

golem and an animated object.

DC 15: Recognizing a fiendish or celestial

creature.

DC 30: Remembering the password to a

magically locked door. The door in question

must be famous enough for the password to

be  known  (the  skill  does  not  allow  you  to

guess the password for any door you might come across).

SORCERERS AND WIZARDS

AND THE WORLD

THEY LIVE IN

In many ways, sorcerers and wizards hold themselves

aloof from worldly matters. And well they should, because

their realm is the esoteric and the nonphysical. To the lay

observer, little exists to distinguish the two classes; they

both wield vast magical powers that no one who is not

versed in arcane lore can comprehend. Indeed, someone

watching a sorcerer and a wizard cast the same spell would

see both using the same words, gestures, and materials.

To the spellcasters themselves, however, the differ-

ences are both profound and obvious. A wizard practices

magic though the power of study and the disciplined

mind. The sorcerer achieves the same ends by virtue of

inner strength and intuition.

Of the two, sorcerers tend to be more worldly. Because

their magic springs from inborn talent, they need not

spend hours poring over musty tomes and struggling to

accumulate their daily dose of magical potential, so they

have more time to get out and about. To sorcerers, wizards

often seem cliquish and pedantic, always gathering in

small clutches to babble about spellbooks, arcane formu-

las, and their latest magical exploits. Sorcerers also tend to

be likable, good-looking, or both (as reflected in their high

Charisma scores). As a result, they mix with others much

more easily than wizards dothough few have the social

expertise of bards. Still, sorcerers tend to tread carefully

when among the common folk. Most people sensibly

20

fear the power of arcane magic, and the widespread belief

that sorcerers are part dragon doesnt help much.

Wizards are by necessity more isolated than sorcerers

but they are also by necessity less introspective. They can't

master their magic simply by searching their minds and

souls, the way sorcerers can, but must seek out external

sources of knowledge and understanding. They usually

find what they need in books but also learn from other

wizards. Two wizards studying together can reap tremen-

dous benefits, especially if they open their spellbooks to

each other. Sorcerers might offer each other moral sup-

port, trade favorite techniques for meditation, or relate

their most recent self-discoveries, but such collaboration

seldom  produces  the  kind  of  measurable  results  that

wizards can achieve together. To wizards, sorcerers seems

shallow and lackadaisical, naturally gifted with magic but

unwilling or unable to truly master the arcane arts.

Becoming a Wizard

Anyone who can comprehend the theory and technique

of arcane magic is eligible to become a wizard. Usually.

this understanding comes after a long period of appren-

ticeship under an experienced wizard, or a course of

study  at  an  academy  or  other  institution. The  arcane

student begins with basic instruction on reading spell-

books, then moves on to try a cantrip or two. Once she

understands how to prepare a spell, she usually is quick

to learn at least one of 1st level. After that point, gaining

further skill and knowledge is simply a matter of experi-

ence and practice.

Becoming a Sorcerer

Most sorcerers develop rudimentary powers at puberty,

often creating magical effects spontaneously moments of

emotional stress. They are commonly believed to have at

least a touch of dragon blood in their veins, which accounts

for  their  magical  abilities. This  might  not  be  entirely

accuratethe nature of their power seems as varied as

sorcerers  themselves.  Some  one  indeed  have  dragon

ancestors (or other forebears who passed on some kind

of  magical  legacy,  such  as  fiends  or  celestials).  Many

sorcerers claim to be in touch with spirits who provide

them  with  power. These  spirits  might  be  ancestors,

extraplanar patrons, fey creatures, or simply wellsprings

of magical energy that lie in certain place. Other sorcerers

carry  fetishes  or  totems  that  (reputedly)  power  their

spells.

Whatever the truth about sorcerous ability, it is a fact

that  many  sorcerers  come  to  their  powers  late  in  life

often after they already have embarked on adventuring

careers. They usually claim to have discovered some latent

magical power that they were able to bring for and control,

much as any person might develop skill playing a musical

instrument or writing poetry.

Sorcerous and Wizardly Roles

Because of their arcane knowledge and magical power

sorcerers  and  wizards  often  play  specialized  roles  in

CHAPTER  1:  ARCANE  LORE

society. These  usually  fall  into  one  of  the  following

categories.

Artillery: This type of caster provides offensive power

to an army or other group, using spells such as fireball.

Sorcerers and evokers excel in this role.

Protector: The  spellcaster  serves  as  a  guardian  or

sentinel, erecting barriers against magical assaults and

keeping watch for other dangers. Diviners and abjurers

are best in this duty.

Counselor: These  spellcasters  are  advisors  or  sages

who ferret out information, help to formulate plans, and

even provide education in diverse subjects. Wizards of

all types excel at this, thanks to their extensive training

in research and development.

Fixer: This is a diplomat or troubleshooter, whose tasks

may be as varied as smoothing ruffled political feathers,

gathering information, or finding ways to bypass or

defeat obstructions. Sorcerers take to this role well, bene-

fiting from their well-developed social skills and ability to

cast the same spell repeatedly.

Combination: This role is a mix of various tasks that

the character simultaneously handles. The classic court

wizard, for example, is both counselor and protector. An

adventuring spellcaster is frequently called on to address

a number of different situations. Wizards, who usually

have a broader array of skills and spells, are generally

better at combined roles than sorcerers.

ORGANIZATIONS:

THE FEW, THE PROUD

Arcane spellcasters are often lonerstheyre secretive,

covetous of their knowledge and power, egotistical, and

greedy for magical lore. Still, not every one is an individ-

ualist,  and  those  with  similar  convictions  or  a  shared

agenda  often  band  together  to  form  organizations.

Certain of these, including several mage academies, have

endured  for  centuries  and  are  well  regarded  by  the

communities wherein they reside. Others are younger,

more secretive, or both, and generally arouse the suspi-

cions of people near where they operate.

A  spellcaster  may  seek  to  join  a  specific  magical

organization to gain certain advantages in return for

dues, quests, or other obligations. Some of these are very

loose  affiliations  that  the  spellcaster  can  ignore  or

acknowledge  as  he  pleases.  Others  are  more  solidly

grounded and include a chapterhouse or other perma-

nent accommodations.

A  loose  organization  primarily  exists  to  distribute

information among its members. It may not even possess

a  fixed  assembly  point,  instead  holding  meetings  in

rented  halls  or  different  exotic  locales.  More  formal

organizations require real devotion on the part of their

members, although this is often rewarded with benefits

21

CHAPTER  1:  ARCANE  LORE

both mundane and magical. Sometimes such organiza-

tions are the source of a given prestige class.

This section describes several spellcaster organizations.

As  always,  the  DM  has  the  final  say  as  to  whether  to

include a given organization in her campaign. Where an

organization is linked to a prestige class (see Chapter 3:

Prestige Classes), its best to use both if you plan to use

either.  Each  listing  includes  entries  for  membership

requirements  and  benefits,  as  well  as  basic  leadership

data. Detailed statistics for a few important leaders are

also  given,  and  even  a  map  in  the  case  of  the  Arcane

Order  (see  below),  but  many  are  simply  sketched  out

briefly. A few organizations are little more than legends to

the common person. Such whispered entities can make

excellent adventure hooks.

The Arcane Order

The  Arcane  Order  is  a  well-established  college  of

wizardry.  Here,  magic  is  taught  and  researched,  and

members benefit from sharing their knowledge. "Publish

or  perish"  has  more  than  a  figurative  meaning  in  the

world of arcane academia.

Membership: Dues are 30 gp per month. A member

must appear on campus at least once every six months to

accept special commissions, if any.

Benefits: Spellcasters who join the Arcane Order pick

up the associated prestige class (see Mage of the Arcane

Order in Chapter 3: Prestige Classes). Benefits include

lodging, magical enhancement, social opportunities, and

related items, and are described under the prestige class.

Leadership:  Chancellor  Japheth  Arcane  runs  the

college  and  directs  its  research.  He  is  obsessed  with

discovering the secrets behind an ancient magical gram-

mar  known  alternatively  as  Aleph  or  the  Language

Primeval. Bits and pieces of this arcane knowledge were

discovered and widely dispersed many years pastsome

claim that metamagic feats are the fruit of that knowl-

edge. Japheth knows that only the tiniest strands of the

full magical grammar have been uncovered, and he seeks

to expand his knowledge through research and the exca-

vation of promising archeological sites.

DJapheth Arcane: Male human Wiz 9/Guildmage 10;

CR 19; Medium-size humanoid (human); HD 19d4+38;

hp 78; Init +2; Spd 30 ft.; AC 32 (touch 17, flat-footed 30);

Atk +12/+7 melee (1d6+3, staff of power, double damage

with charge); SA Spellpool III (see Chapter 3: Prestige

Classes), raven familiar (see below); AL CG; SV Fort +10,

Ref +10, Will +16; Str 12, Dex 15, Con 14, Int 25 (19),

Wis 12, Cha 12.

Skills  and  Feats:  Alchemy  +29,  Concentration  +22,

Knowledge  (arcana)  +29,  Knowledge  (history)  +29,

Profession  (archeologist)  +11,  Scry  +29,  Speak

Language (Abyssal, Aquan, Auran, Celestial, Draconic,

Elven,  Gnome,  Ignan,  Sylvan, Terran),  Spellcraft  +29;

Scribe Scroll, Cooperative Spell, Quicken Spell, Silent

Spell, Still Spell, Innate Spell (ray of enfeeblement),

Spell Penetration, Craft Wand, Craft Staff, Sanctum

Spell, Spell Mastery (detect magic, fly, globe of invulnera-

bility, haste, improved invisibility, read magic, teleport without

error).

Spells Prepared (4/6/6/6/5/5/5/5/3/(4)3; base DC = 17+

spell  level):  0-detect  magic,  light,  mage  hand,  read  magic;

1stfeather fall, mage armor, protection from evil (sanctum),

shield,  sleep,  unseen  servant  (sanctum);  2ndarcane  lock,

endurance (2), protection from arrows, see invisibility (sanc-

tum), Tashas hideous laughter (sanctum); 3rddispel magic

(2), fireball, fly, haste, protection from elements; 4thdetect

scrying (sanctum), improved invisibility, minor globe of invul-

nerability (sanctum), Otilufees resilient sphere, Stoneskin;

5thhold monster (sanctum), dominate person, Evards black

tentacles,  improved  invisibility  (2);  6thantimagic  field,

contingency, disintegrate, globe of invulnerability, true seeing;

7thbanishment (sanctum), limited wish, power word stun,

prismatic  spray  (sanctum),  teleport  without  error;  8th

monster  summoning VIII,  iron  body,  clone;  9thdominate

monster, ray of enfeeblement (innate, sanctum), quickened

teleport, time stop.

Possessions: Amulet of natural armor +5, bracers of armor +8,

cloak of etherealness, headband of intellect +6, 3 potions of cure

serious wounds, ring of protection +5, ring of spell turning, scroll

of haste, scroll of prismatic spray, scroll of see invisibility, scroll of

teleport, staff of power (40 charges).

DRaphael: Raven familiar; CR ; Tiny magical beast;

HD 9; hp 39; Init +2; Spd 10 ft., fly 40 ft. (average); AC 19

(touch 14, flat-footed 17); Atk +11/+6 melee (1d4, claws);

Face/Reach  2    ft.  by  2    ft./0  ft.;  SQ  Speaks

Common, granted abilities; AL CG; SV Fort +6, Ref +8,

Will +15; Str 1, Dex 15, Con 10, Int 10, Wis 14, Cha 6.

Skills  and  Feats:  Listen  +6,  Spot  +6  (plus  Japheths);

Weapon Finesse (claws).

Granted  Abilities:  Alertness,  improved  evasion,  share

spells, empathic link, touch, speak with master, speak

with birds.

Headquarters

The  Arcane  Orders  campus  is  called  Mathghamhna.

Mathghamhna has a peculiar history, not least because its

towers, treasure stores, classrooms, and laboratories are

carved  from  the  neck  of  a  long-eroded,  prehistoric

volcano. Brooding and castlelike, the colleges interior

is  extensive.  Subterranean  vaults  hold  secret  magical

treasures, while its aboveground laboratories and class-

rooms see daily use by arcane students and professorial

spellcasters.

Would be wizards (and a few sorcerers) apprentice at

the college and stay most of the year within the halls of

Mathghamhna,  as  do  the  regents  who  instruct  the

apprentices  and  low-level  casters.  Over  two  hundred

spellcasters  also  claim  membership  but  they  have  no

permanent residence within the guild, though they are

welcome to board there.

1. Entry: An set of enchanted iron doors, 30 feet by 30

feet  by  2  feet,  guards  the  broad  main  entry. They  are

relief-carved with gargoyles and dragons embroiled in

endless conflict. The doors generally stand open during

the day but are closed and magically locked by night or in

the event the college were to come under attack.

23

CHAPTER  1:  ARCANE  LORE

dHuge Iron Doors: 2 ft. thick; hardness 10; hp 720;

AC 3; break DC 60; Open Lock - (arcane lock, 15th-level

caster).

Peculiar Features of a

Magical Laboratory.

Roll 1d10 or choose from the

table below.

RollRollRollRollRoll Feature

Feature

Feature

Feature

Feature

11111 Magical summoning circle

inscribed in the floor or

wall.

22222 Hourglass filled with bone

dust that runs upward in

defiance of gravity.

33333 Steel-sheated skeleton of

a  giant  (or  other  large

monster)  suspended

among the rafters.

44444 Furnance  powered  by  a

small fire elemental.

55555 Fragment  of  a  meteor,

moon rock, or a mineral

collected  on  another

plane.

66666 Preserved  hand  of  a

demon or devil.

77777 1-foot-diameter gate, set

in the maw of a large statue

of  a  roaring  lion,  which

leads  into  a  pocket

dimension.

88888 Servitor iron golem bound

to the chamber by an error

introduced in its creation.

99999 Humanoid  frozen  in  an

unmelting block of ice; it

sometimes  communi-

cates telepathically.

1010101010 Bubbling enchanted caul-

dron; once per day it ejects

a (usually) harmless proto-

plasm that generally dies

within a few minutes.

2.  Great  Approach: This  hall  is  tiled  in

marble and painted with a wondrous frieze

on the walls and ceiling, depicting thunder-

heads on which sky castles rest. Ten guards

(War5) are always visible on duty here. Hard-

to-see arrow slits (Spot check DC 25) line

the hall, allowing ten additional bow-bear-

ing guards (War7) a good shot at unwanted

guests.

3.  High Vestibule: Built  to  inspire awe,

this chamber succeeds. It is 90 feet in diame-

ter and rises 120 feet. A broad spiral staircase

winds up a central support pillar, connecting

to a series of recessed balconies and higher

galleries. The galleries give onto apprentices

dormitories, classrooms of all types, student

laboratories,  private  magical  laboratories

reserved for the regents, and other wonders,

including a magical garden.

Immense stone statuary depicting dragons,

unicorns,  pegasi,  and  other  magical  beasts

adorn  the  curving  breadth  of  the  interior

walls, lighted in the most dramatic fashion

possible  with  colored  overturning  torches.

Rumor claims that four of the largest statues

are actually stone golems that spring to life

should the college come under attack.

This chamber also serves as the primary

gathering point for important occasions, as

it  is  more  than  large  enough  to  hold  the

student  body,  regents,  and  visiting  spell-

casters.

4. Guest Quarters: This foyer connects to

several  guestrooms  kept  ready  for  visiting

guild members of importance. Other guest

quarters can be found up the secondary stair-

well (area 5).

5.  Secondary  Stairwell:  Another  large

spiral stair connects to many upper galleries,

classrooms, and other locations noted for the

primary stairwell in the high vestibule (see

area 3). Downstairs are the kitchens, where food for the

entire population of the college is prepared by a dedicated

staff.

This stairwell also connects to a sublevel deep below

the college. The deeps hold a variety of interesting cham-

bers, including the fabled college treasury and the even

more  fabled  Archmanteion,  Japheth  Arcanes  private

magical laboratory and artifact vault.

6. Library Foyer: Beautiful sculptures, comfortable

chairs and benches, and reading tables lit by magical

lights are  tastefully  arranged  in  this  chamber.  Side

chambers give onto private meeting/reading rooms.

7. Grand Library: The double doors are arcane locked

in an intricate fashion (15th-level caster), allowing access

only to those who are members or apprentices of the

Arcane Order.

24

The Grand Library contains a plethora of esoteric magi-

cal knowledge stored on heavy oaken shelves that rise to

the 25-foot-high ceiling (many of the volumes are acces-

sible  only  through  animate  ladders  that  can  be

commanded to move to the appropriate shelf ). Topic

touch on almost anything magical, including philoso-

phies  of  arcane  spellcasting,  magical  myths  and  fact

concerning beasts, deities, and artifacts, myriad theories

on  the  source  of  magic,  tightly  locked-up  book

discussing  the  Dark  Arts  (for  reference  only),  lists  of

theoretical alternate planes of existence, and a whole lot

more.

The  most  immediately  significant  volumes  in  this

library are tomes that hold a selection of 0-, 1st -, and 2nd-

level spells (all those listed in the Players Handbook). These

spells have been laboriously collected by the spellcaster

of the Order and serve as an invaluable resource for the

guild members.

A small spiral stair leads down to a bindery, which also

contains paper and vellum mills and ink stores.

8. Chancellors Study: Japheth Arcanes personal quar-

ters are located with the other regents private chamber

on a higher level, but he prefers to keep his study and

office  here  off  the  Grand  Library  When  the  study  is

unoccupied, the relief-carved iron doors are kept arcane

locked (19th-level caster).

The chamber contains comfortable chairs, divans, and

a permanent unseen servant that runs small errands for

Japheth. It also serves as his private library and thus hold

many rare tomes on arcane topics, which are quite valu-

able to both collectors and those interested in expanding

their arcane knowledge. One of the chancellors many

spellbooks is also kept in plain view under glass on a

magically  protected  bookstand.  Japheth  can  often  be

found here, nosing through an interesting tome, meeting

with one or more regents, or taking the time to discuss

matters of discipline with a likely apprentice or two.

Beastchasers

The Beastchasers are spellcasters interested in creature

lore. They  learn  both  from  reference  materials  and

personal experience, keeping a vast menagerie for the

membership to inspect.

Membership: A one-time initiation fee of 100 gp is

required. Dues are 10 gp per year, and members are also

required to contribute to the reference collection.

Benefits: Members in good standing are free to utilize

the Great Room, an extensive library of creature lore.

Using the library grants a +2 competence modifier on

any Knowledge check concerning magical beasts and

other monstrous creatures.

Leadership:The Lead Beastchaser is a rotating position,

voted on every three years. Currently, Rotherli Smails

(female human Sor13; Handle Animal +16 [DMs are left

to decide her areas of focus for their own campaigns],

Animal Empathy +16) heads up the organization.

Headquarters: The Beastchaser base of operations is

the Great Room. Three large meeting chambers are off

from the central library. Dungeons below contain an ever-

changing collection of specimens for observa-

tion: strange monsters, dire animals,

and magical beasts. It is said that

natural tunnels lead much deeper,

con-necting to Underdark habitats

where members sometimes mount

creature-collecting expeditions.

Bleak Academy

Although most people refuse to

believe  them,  whispers  tell  of  a

covert  fellowship  of  spellcasters

who dabble in the dark arts of necro-

mancy. Many a terrible plot, reeking

of corpses rising and grave-spread

disease, is born in the unhallowed

halls of the Bleak Academy.

The  college  of  necromancers  is

real,  though  swathed  in  secrecy.

Locating  the  headquarters  of  the

Bleak  Academy  (also  called  the

Black Academy) is a challenge, and a

would-be initiate who finds it may come

to regret that choice.

Membership: Precise details of the

initiation rites are a mystery most never

seek to learn. In addition to an initiation fee

of 300 gp and dues of 60 gp per semester,

members must animate or create at least

one  corporeal  undead  each  semester.

The loathsome creation is turned over

to the dead pool of rotting manual

labor that services the academy.

Benefits: Members are schooled

in  ever-fouler  rituals  designed  to

summon and control animated corpses.

Such  study  is  not  without  riskthe

students with the lowest marks in each

class give up their immortal souls to their

infernal teachers.

An aspiring student of evil can pick up

any  of  a  variety  of  prestige  classes  here,

including the blackguard and the assassin.

This is the ultimate training ground for

the  pale  master  and  the  true  necro-

mancer (see Chapter 3: Prestige Classes).

Leadership: The  leadership  of  the

Bleak  Academy  is  attributed  to  fiends,

though powerful pale masters and necro-

mancers also hold high office. Names

of actual teachers and regents are hard

to pin down, though, since most who

repeat stories of the Bleak Academy are

later found slain in creative and terrible

waysif they are found at all.

Headquarters: Rumors  place

the Bleak Academy in the midst

of a dreary swamp, built on the

crypt of an ancient lich.

CHAPTER  1:  ARCANE  LORE

25

CHAPTER  1:  ARCANE  LORE

Broken Wands

The Broken Wands is a guild of spellcasters who kill for

money.

League of Diviners

The League of Diviners is a professional association of

spellcasters who are experts in Divination magic.

Membership: Neither initiation fee nor annual  dues

are required, but members must take contracts assigned

by the guild leadership.

Benefits: Members in good standing receive monetary

compensation for fulfilling contracts. Payment amounts

vary according to the difficulty, and the finality, of partic-

ular jobs. Freelance slayers of any stripe operating in the

same community as an agent of the Broken Wands are

also considered legitimate targets.

Leadership: A sorcerer named Winter heads up the

Broken Wands. Winter never leaves the guilds citadel,

or  at  least,  never  undisguised.  And  the  options  for

disguise available to a white dragon with levels of rogue,

sorcerer, and assassin are great indeed.

Headquarters: The guild operates out of a magically

hidden citadel, probably located in a wizard-fashioned

demiplane. The location of the headquarters is a well-

kept  secret.

Those  interested  in  employing  the  services  of  the

Broken Wands  gain  the  attention  of  its  leadership  by

scrawling the sign of the guild (a broken wand) in blood

on the inside of a door. A secret scrying method deter-

mines the location of such signs, after which a represen-

tative of the Broken Wands contacts the petitioner.

Escriers

This  is  a  network  of  spellcasters  who  like  to  keep  in

touch.

Membership: The initiation fee is a steep

20,  000  gp,  but  there  are  no  annual  dues.

However, each member must stay in contact

with the others.

Benefits: The Escriers are an informal asso-

ciation  and  have  in  common  only  a  magic

brooch each member receives when initiated.

This brooch allows the member to contact

other members wearing their brooch twice

per day. In essence, members form a magical

communications  network  connecting  each

brooch (indeed, it is sometimes referred to as

the Network). The "initiation fee" is really the

cost to craft this brooch, whose creation is a

guarded  secret.

Leadership: The Escriers have no leaders

or  followers,  nor  do  they  subscribe  to  a

common belief system other than the desire

to keep in touch. Generally, news travels over

the Escriers brooches faster than through any

other medium. Sometimes, bold members

take up with adventuring companies just to create an

ongoing travelogue for the Network.

Headquarters: The organization is a decentralized

network with no known headquarters. If a physical loca-

tion that serves as a base exists, it is a well-kept secret.

26

Escriers Brooch

This magic brooch of metal and

glass  allows  its  wearer  to  con-

tact any other creature wearing

a similar brooch as the sending

spell  twice  per  day.  This  spell-

like  ability  requires  a  standard

action  that  does  not  draw  an

attack of opportunity. Creatures

not wearing an Escriers brooch

cannot  be  contacted  using  this

item. The brooch does not work

in  dead-magic  areas  or  across

planes. it has an AC of 13, 1 hit

point, a  hardness  of  5,  and  a

break DC of 18.

Caster Level: 5th; Prerequisites:

Craft  Wondrous  Item, sending;

Market Price: 20,000 gp; Weight:



Membership: There exists an initiation fee of 300gp

and annual dues of 60 gp. Members must also pass yearly

examination to retain their standing.

Benefits: Members in good standing appear on a list

of certified diviners. Membership serves to advertise a

spellcasters divination ability and so steers prospective

clients her way. Government officials usually prefer to

use  diviners  who  are  members  of  the  League,  as  do

wealthy patrons who want the best divination that money

can buy.

Leadership: The  current  presiding  officer  of  the

League of Diviners is Avulth Corbandu (male elf Wiz12;

Scry +18). Corbandus main responsibility is handling

yearly divination exams for members.

Headquarters: The League of Diviners has no central

offices. Members meet once a year, at a location never

namedthe members must divine it (or learn of it in

some other more mundane fashion).

The Queendom

A fortunate few spellcasters have formed their own small

island-nation under the rulership of a benevolent and

magical queen.

Membership: Many without magical abilities are born

citizens of the Queendom, although quite a few leave

upon achieving their majority. Immigration is possible,

but  full  citizenship  is  granted  only  to  those  who  can

demonstrate  true  magical  ability.  Immigrants  must

forswear any former citizenship to another state and must

spend at least two months each year in country. The total

population  of  the  Queendom  hovers  around  10,000,

which about half are arcane spellcasters of some sort.

Benefits:  Spellcasting  citizens  are  each  granted  a

domicile and free access to the Queendoms Library in

the  capital  city  of  Murai.  Citizens  can  expect  the

protection of the Crown when in residence, though

the queen disavows any citizen who undertakes crimi-

nal acts on foreign soil and then flees for asylum on the

island. The economy of the Queendom is robust, and

paupers  are  few.

Leadership: Queen DiFate has ruled the Queendom

longer than any can remember. It is rumored that her

power surpasses that of any other purely mortal caster.

And love the queen, and by all accounts, she is a noble

and capable ruler in her turn.

Headquarters:  Citizens  of  the  Queendom  live  on

magical island. The island moves, following a preestab-

lished trading route through the oceans of the world,

although in an emergency, the queen can direct the

island as she wills.

Being magically saturated, the moving island is

filled with marvels: sorcerous lakes, living castles,

groves sentient trees, and magical technologies of

many sorts.

CHAPTER  1:  ARCANE  LORE

Savants of the Flame

These spellcasters appreciate firea lot.

Membership: Neither initiation fees nor dues exist,

but  prospective  members  must  be  elemental  savants

with a fire focus (see Chapter 3: Prestige Classes). Those

who seek to join the Savants of the Flame must first find

their lonely base (see below). However, once found, the

Savants welcome any petitioner who meets the require-

ments  for  membership  or  has  made  obvious  strides

toward meeting them.

Benefits: Savants of the Flame enjoy the fellowship of

their peers, free lodging in an environment conducive

to their practice, and easy access to the some of the most

accomplished fire mages who have ever existed.

Of course, one can be a member of the organization

without staying put. In fact, numerous Savants range far

and wide, only returning to report items of interest to

the leadership, or to rest awhile before returning to the

world.

Leadership: The  Savants  revere  Mearlisha  Quarto

Somida, otherwise known as the Shape of Fire. Mearlisha

has held this title for two yearslonger than any previ-

ous aspirant. Most elemental savants, once they attain

elemental perfection, gradually lose all interest in matters

of the material world and seek communion with their

element in the Inner Planes.

Headquarters: The Savants base of operations, called

the Flamehold, is partially suspended from the lip of a

semiactive  volcano.  It  contains  a  variety  of  protected

chambers for those who have not progressed sufficiently

far along their chosen path, as well as for various servants,

items, and the occasional petitioners. Eblard Sizfer is in

charge of the upkeep and outfitting of these chambers.

Beyond the protected chambers are a series of rooms,

mostly open, that offer less protection from the furious

heat  of  the  volcano.  Only  those  who  have  achieved

elemental fire perfection can survive long in the final

unprotected chamber, which lightly floats on a pool of

red-hot magma.

DEblard Sizfer: Male elf Wiz6/Elemental Savant3; CR

9; Medium-size humanoid (elf ); HD 9d4+18; hp 36; Init

+2; Spd 30 ft.; AC 14 (touch 12, flat-footed 12); Atk +5

melee (1d6, masterwork staff ) or +6 ranged (1d8, long-

bow); SA Fire focus (+1 to save DC for fire spells), fire

penetration (+1 to caster check to overcome resistance);

SQ: Low-light vision, sleep immunity, cannot use energy

effects other than fire, fire resistance 5, toad familiar (see

below); AL CG; SV Fort +5, Ref +5, Will +10 (Enchant-

ment +12); Str 10, Dex 14, Con 15, Int 18, Wis 14, Cha 8,

Height 5 ft. 4 in.

Skills and Feats: Concentration +14, Knowledge (arcana)

+16, Knowledge (the planes) +16, Listen +4, Search +6,

Spellcraft +16, Spot +6; Empower Spell, Energy Substitu-

tion  (Fire),  Repeat  Spell,  Scribe  Scroll,  Sculpt  Spell,

Weapon Focus (energy missile).

Spells Prepared (4/5/5/4/3/1; base DC = 14+ spell level):

0dancing lights, detect magic, ray of frost (fire substituted),

resistance; 1stburning hands, chill touch (fire substi-

tuted), expeditious retreat, magic missile, magic weapon;

2ndflaming sphere, Melf s acid arrow (3, fire substi-

tuted) , summon monster II; 3rdfireball, fly, lightning bolt

(fire substituted), protection from elements; 4thfire shield,

ice storm (fire substituted), summon monster IV; 5thcone

of cold (fire substituted) .

 Save DC increased by 1 for fire focus.

Possessions: Bracers of armor +2, ring of minor fire resistance,

wand of fireball (6th-level caster).

DLick: Toad familiar; CR ; Diminutive magical beast;

HD 6; hp 18; Init +1; Spd 5 ft.; AC 18 (touch 15, flat-footed

17); Atk; Face/Reach 1 ft. by 1 ft./0 ft.; SQ Granted abil-

ities; AL CG; SV Fort +3, Ref +4, Will +10; Str 1, Dex 12,

Con 11, Int 10, Wis 14, Cha 4.

Skills and Feats: Hide +21, Listen +5, Spot +6.

Granted Abilities: Alertness, improved evasion, share

spells, empathic link, touch, speak with master (see the

Familiars section, above).

Spellswords

These spellcasters are expert at both arcane magic and

fighting, and are interested in work for hire.

Membership: There is no initiation fee, but annual

dues are 100 gp. Members must partake in the annual

Grand Melee of Spells and Swords that occurs in the

arena of the Chapterhouse (see below).

Benefits: Spellcasters who want to learn how to blend

the art of magic with the art of war find welcome in the

halls and arena of the Chapterhouse. Particularly experi-

enced members tutor those less proficient, and pupils

who meet special requirements can take levels in the

Spellsword  prestige  class  (see  Chapter  3:  Prestige

Classes).

The  Chapterhouse  maintains  a  public  foyer  where

those interested in hiring Spellswords can post job offer-

ings.  Spellswords  charge  a  fair  rate  for  their  services,

usually requesting an equal share in any treasure recov-

ered  or  a  base  salary  of  10  gp  per  day  plus  expenses,

whichever is greater.

Leadership: The  Supreme  Champion  is  the  chief

Spellsword, determined every ten years through a series

of duels during the Grand Melee. Duels rarely end in

the death of a participant (at least, not permanently). The

current Supreme Champion is Haile the Invincible.

DHaile  the  Invincible:  Female  human  Ftrl/Wiz7/

Spellsword10; CR 18; Medium-size humanoid (human);

HD 1d10 + 7d4 + 10d8+36; hp 99; Init +2; Spd 20 ft.;

AC 32 (touch 15, flat-footed 32; 50% miss chance); Atk

+21/+16/+11 melee (1d8+9+1d6 electricity, +5 brilliant

energy  longsword  of  shock),  SA  Channel  spell  III  (see

Chapter  3:  Prestige  Classes);  SQ  Spellsword  cache

(weapon currently holds five cure serious wounds and one

endurance),  weasel  familiar  (see  below);  AL  CG;  SV

Fort +13, Ref +9, Will +12; Str 18, Dex 14, Con 14, Int 17,

Wis 10, Cha 8.

Skills and Feats: Climb +15, Concentration +20, Jump

+15, Knowledge (arcana) +21, Listen +15, Spellcraft +21,

27

CHAPTER  1:  ARCANE  LORE

Spot +15; Brew Potion, Chain Spell, Cleave, Craft Magic

Arms and Armor, Great Cleave, Greater Spell Penetra-

tion, Power Attack, Quick Draw, Quicken Spell, Scribe

Scroll, Spell Penetration, Weapon Focus (longsword).

Spells Prepared (4/5/5/5/3/3/2; base DC = 13+ spell

level; 10% spell failure chance): 0daze, mage hand,

open/close, ray of frost; 1stfeather fall, shield, true strike (3);

2ndbulls strength,  cats  grace,  endurance,  protection  from

arrows, see invisibility; 3rddispel magic, haste (2), lightning

bolt, protection from elements; 4thice storm, phantasmal

killer,  stoneskin;  5thhold  monster,  Melf s  acid  arrow

(chained), true strike (quickened); 6thTensers transfor-

mation (2).

Possessions: Amulet of natural armor +5, +5 brilliant energy

longsword of shock, cloak of displacement, +5 half-plate of spell

resistance (SR 19), ring of protection +5.

DJumoke: Weasel familiar; CR ; Tiny magical beast;

HD 7; hp 49; Init +2; Spd 20 ft., climb 20 ft.; AC 18 (touch

14,  flat-footed  16);  Atk  +15/+10/+5  (1d3-4,  bite);

Face/Reach 2  ft. by 2  ft./0 ft.; SQ Grants +2 Ref

saves, granted abilities; AL CG; SV Fort +11, Ref +9,

Will +13; Str 3, Dex 15, Con 10, Int 11, Wis 12, Cha 5.

Skills and Feats: Balance +10, Climb +15, Hide +13,

Move Silently +9, Spot +15; Weapon Finesse (bite).

Granted Abilities: Alertness, improved evasion, share

spells, empathic link, touch, speak with master, speak

with mustelidae (see the Familiars section, above).

Headquarters: The organization owns and is based in

the Chapterhouse, a fortresslike structure more castle

than mansion. The Chapterhouse holds libraries, magical

laboratories, and dark dungeons, and a large arena stands

next to the building. Although the arena is sometimes

rented out for other organizations to use, it is generally

reserved for special practice sessions, and of course for

the yearly Grand Melee of Spells and Swords. This event

always draws big crowds of onlookers, many of whom

wager on Spellsword duels.

Wayfarers Union

These spellcasters specialize in travel magic and offer

their services for a price. Community and royal officials

use members of the Union when traveling on official

business, as do wealthy patrons who want the best trans-

port that money can buy.

Membership: The initiation fee is 200 gp. Union dues

are 20% of all income gained through employing travel

magic for clients and must be turned over to the Union

treasurer.  A  member  must  serve  a  minimum  of  two

months a year on the Travel Board (see below).

Benefits:  Members  of  the Wayfarers  Union  have

access to the wayfarer guide prestige class (see Chapter 3:

Prestige Classes), although taking the class is not manda-

tory. Union members must serve on the Travel Board,

which is based in the Unions headquarters (see below) in

a given city and deals with clients seeking magical travel.

Wayfarers have numerous contracts to supply teleporta-

tional shipping (only very wealthy clients can afford this

sort  of  luxury),  and  they  also  undertake  particularly

dangerous travel assignmentsfor a premium (at least

double  the  normal  price  or  more,  based  on  personal

danger to the spellcaster).

The Wayfarers Union prides itself on delivering it's

customers to any location that can be identified and suffi-

ciently  described,  although  they  reserve  the  right  to

refuse  transportation  to  a  particularly  dangerous  or

imprecise destination.

WAYFARERS UNION RATES AND FEES

Service

Service

Service

Service

Service

Teleport,  one-shot,  very  familiar  area

Teleport,  one-shot,  studied  area

Teleport,  one-shot,  area  seen  casually

Teleport,  one-shot,  area  viewed  once

Teleport,  one-shot,  description  of  area  only

Teleport without error

Teleportation circle, very  familiar  area

Astral projection,  to  known  Union  outpost

Scroll  of teleport

Scroll  of teleport without error

Includes  return  travel  of  the  Union  caster.  All  costs  cut  by

25%  with  a  signed  contract  for  ten  or  more  travel  spells.  All

costs  doubled  if  caster  travel  is  into  a  dangerous  area.

CostCostCostCostCost

900  gp*

1,  080  gp*

1,  260  gp*

1,  440  gp*

1,  620  gp*

1,  820  gp*

3,  060  gp*

3,  060  gp*

1,  125  gp

2,  275  gp

Leadership: All who serve on the Travel Board at any

given time are considered equals in decisions affecting

their office, though each branch elects a treasurer and

spokesperson. For broader-reaching decisions, current

Board members from all branches can easily arrange to

meet (via teleportation) for a quick vote, if necessary.

Headquarters: The Wayfarers Union rents or owns a

branch in many of the largest cities. Each consists of an

office, quarters for spellcasters currently serving on that

Board, a staging area for outgoing and incoming telepor-

tation, and sometimes a large warehouse for items to be

shipped.

THE HOLLOW:

A MAGES ABODE

Welcome to the Hollow, the walled home of Benay and

Airees Ahollow, a wizard and a sorcerer who have set up

shop together.

How Typical Is the Hollow?

Like all private homes, the Hollow reflects the quirks

and  preferences  of  its  owners,  but  it  also  has  many

features that suit any arcane spellcasters residence.

Privacy

Most wizards and sorcerers want at least some solitude

each day. Wizards need quiet time for their daily spell

preparation, and even sorcerers must meditate and focus

their arcane powers. In addition, higher-level spellcast-

ers usually have schedules that require periods of unin-

terrupted  work,  especially  if  theyre  making  magic

28

CHAPTER  1:  ARCANE  LORE

items. Finally, many wizards and sorcerers perform

deeds they dont want other folks to see, such as confer-

ring with otherworldly powers, scrying remote locales,

making  homunculi,  building  golems,  or  summoning

extraplanar  allies  or  servants. Theres  usually  nothing

sinister about these activities, but they can be hard to

explainespecially to excitable neighbors who have no

understanding of arcane concepts.

It is no accident that the Hollow has no ground-level

windows. Passersby might get a glimpse of the court-

yard through the gate, but even that reveals little, thanks

to the trees planted there.

Security

It  always  pays  to  keep  an  enemy  more  than  swords

reach away. When the sorcerer or wizard is at home, it

especially  pays  to  make  sure  enemies  remain  locked

outside.

Wizards  and  sorcerers  are  vulnerable  to  physical

attack. Their  low  hit  points  and  lack  of  armor  make

physical  combat  deadly  for  them.  If  that  werent  bad

enough, it can keep them from using their most potent

weapons and defensestheir spellsby disrupting their

concentration.

This vulnerability follows a wizard or sorcerer home,

so to speak. A careless burglar or a rampaging invader

can wreak havoc by destroying valuable books, ruining

spell components, disturbing delicate experiments, or

even releasing captive creatures best left undisturbed.

In addition to personal safety, wizards and sorcerers

also  must  protect  their  magic  items  (and  wizards

spellbooks) safe from rivals and thieves. Even a mid-

level casters collection of magical gear is worth quite a

bit of money.

Given their circumstances, Benay and Airees Ahol-

low are confident they can deal with any problem that

arisesat least until help arrives. If the Hollow were

in the country instead of the city, they probably would

have  added  a  moat,  drawbridge,  and  gatehouse

complete with a garrison and barracks. They also would

have  built  higher,  thicker  walls  with  a  catwalk  and

battlements to let the guards patrol. The tower would

likely be taller and stronger, with a battlement on top

instead  of  a  roof,  and  there  would  be  more  dungeon

space.

Special-Purpose Rooms

The Hollows study, laboratory, and receiving room are

typical features in wizards and sorcerers homes.

The study provides a sanctum for spell preparation

and simple magical pursuits, such as scrying.

The laboratory is a necessity for creating magic items.

Some casters combine study, library, and laboratory into

one chamber, but the prudent keep them separate so

that a single mishap wont wipe out everything.

The receiving room offers a place to entertain visitors

without revealing too much about the rest of the house.

The Hollows special summoning room (see area 15)

29

CHAPTER  1:  ARCANE  LORE

isnt so typical, but such chambers are not rare either.

Although many wizards and sorcerers find their labora-

tories suitable, those who perform frequent summon-

ings, or who expect to have to bind intractable or danger-

ous extraplanar creatures, often build special rooms for

this purpose.

sneaking in or out. Each chimney top is also fitted with a

masonry cap to keep out rain and small animals. Fine

creatures could slip through the grates, but no breathable

air  exists  in  an  operating  chimney.  Exhaust  from  the

fires fills it with heat and fumes, and creatures inside

take 5 points of heat damage each round.

Location

The Hollow lies on a quiet street near the business district

of a large city. The surrounding homes belong to success-

ful  merchants,  adventurers,  and  minor  nobles. The

Hollow is neither the smallest nor the largest home in the

area. Most folk passing by dont find it in the least remark-

able, which is exactly how Benay and Airees like it. They

do not wish to call attention to themselves.

The streets that surround the Hollow are not particu-

larly busy, but theyre seldom empty either, and they are

always well patrolled by the city watch.

Features

The Hollow is a two-story stone structure. Benay and

Airees had it built for privacy, security, and comfort, but

not necessarily in that order. Unless otherwise stated in

the text for a specific area, the Hollows major features

are as follows.

Walls: Exterior and interior walls are masonry, 5 feet

thick. Interior walls are also masonry, 6 inches thick. All

are in good condition (like new) and quite smooth so as

to discourage climbing (Climb check DC 20).

dExterior Walls: 5 ft. thick; hardness 8; hp 300; AC

2; break DC 50.

dInterior Walls: 6 in. thick; hardness 8; hp 45; AC 4;

break DC 28.

Ceilings: Ceilings are 15 feet high.

Floors:  On  the  ground  floor  and  in  the  cellar,  the

floors are smooth stone, while the upper level has wooden

floors. Few are bare; their coverings vary from fancy rugs

to dry reeds as noted in the description for various areas.

Doors: Exterior doors are reinforced wood and are

usually kept locked. The interior doors are simple wood

and all have locks, but they usually are not locked. Benay

and Airees each have a set of keys for all the doors in the

Hollow. Their apprentice, Edwin, has keys to all the exte-

rior doors and to all the interior doors on the ground floor.

dStrong Wooden Doors: 2 in. thick; hardness 5;

hp 20; AC 5; break DC 23; Open Lock DC 20.

dSimple Wooden Doors: 1 in. thick; hardness 5;

hp 10; AC 5; break DC 13; Open Lock DC 20.

Fireplaces: The Hollow has several fireplaces for heat-

ing and cooking. Its stone construction makes the build-

ing cool and slightly damp even on hot days, so theres

usually at least a small fire burning in every fireplace.

Fireplaces are about 4 feet high and 4 feet deep. The

width varies and is shown on the map. Each fireplace has

a chimney about 1 foot square and 25-50 feet tall (the

taller chimneys are on the ground floor). The chimneys

are fitted with steel grates (hardness 10, 60 hp, break

DC  28)  at  both  top  and  bottom  to  prevent  anything

Windows: All the Hollows windows

are  on  the  upper  floor,  and  their  lower

stills are at least 18 feet off the ground.

Each window is fitted with thick glass that

admits light but screens the interior from

view,  and  a  lattice  of  strong  steel  bars

protects the glass. Benay and Airees some-

times leave the windows open for ventila-

tion,  but  the  bars  remain  in  place,  and

curtains of heavy mesh are hung over the

opening to keep out prying eyes and any

unwelcome visitors who might try to slip in

through the bars.

dGlass  Window  Panes:  1  in.  thick;

hardness 1; hp 1; AC 6; break DC 10.

dSteel  Window  Bars:  2  in.  thick;

hardness 10; hp 60; AC 6; break DC 28.

Roofs: The  Hollow  has  steeply  canted

roofs  made  of  thick  planks  covered  with

slates,  which  are  slippery  and  unstable.

Anyone  making  a  normal  move  over  the

roof must succeed at a Balance check (DC

20) or kick some slates loose and fall amid

a  clatter.  A  falling  character  drops  any-

where  from  30  to  50  feet,  depending  on

high the roof is at that point. Running or

charging  along  the  roof  isnt  possible.

Moving at half speed drops the Balance

DC to 10.

Inside the Hollow

This section includes short descriptions of

the Hollows major areas.

1. Gateway

Peculiar Features of an

Arcane Spellcasters

Quarters

Roll 1d10 or choose from the

table below.

Feature

Feature

Feature

Feature

Feature

RollRollRollRollRoll

1 Stuffed  owl  that  answers

one  question  a  day  as

augury  cast  by  a  5th-level

cleric.

2 Statue  of  a  monkey  reco-

vered from a faraway dun-

geon; anyone pressing the

eyes is polymorphed into a

monkey.

3 Glass  container  filled  with

a fluid that preserves a living

eye.

4 Small, golden, harp-shaped

toy  that  magically  emits

bell-like  music  when

touched.

5 Magical  pen  that  copies

any words dictated to it (not

spells) onto vellum, in the

speakers  language.

6  Tapestry  in  the  wall  that

shows  random  everchang-

ing views of other places.

7 Magically  animate,  1-foot-

tall stone gargoyle.

8 Ornate  chess  set  haunted

by its crafter; the spirit plays

a mean game.

9 1-foot-diameter

glass

sphere,  magical  lights

dance within, grasped by a

demonic  hand  carved  in

stone.

10 Animated  glass  cat  

possibly a familiar.

This is the only ground-level entrance to

the  Hollow.  The  gateway  is  a  simple,

rounded  arch,  18  feet  high. The  walls

flanking the arch are only 15 feet high, so

the gateway creates a 3-foot bulge at the top

of  the  wall.  A  wrought-iron  gate  stands  on  the  street

side of the arch. On the courtyard side stand two heavily

reinforced wooden doors. Both the doors and the gate

can be barred from the inside.

During daylight hours, the gate remains closed while

the doors stand open, allowing passersby a glimpse of

the courtyard beyond. A bellpull to the left of the gate

allows callers to announce their presence. Ringing the

bell usually brings Edwin, the Ahollows apprentice,

after  a  minute  or  so.  Sometimes,  however,  Airees

answers the door himself.

dInner Doors: 4 in. thick; hardness 5; hp 40; AC 4

break DC 27 (31 when barred); Open Lock DC 20.

31

CHAPTER  1:  ARCANE  LORE

dOuter Gate: 2 in. thick; hardness 10; hp 60; break

DC 24 (28 when barred); Open Lock DC 20.

2. Courtyard

The walls surrounding the courtyard are 12 feet high.

The area has a cobblestone pavement that is frequently

slick  with  wet  leaves  or  mushy  fruit  from  the  row  of

apple  trees  running  diagonally  down  the  courtyards

center. Each tree sits in a raised bed of earth about 4 feet

square. Airees planted the trees when the Hollow was

built  to  provide  shade,  privacy,  spring  blossoms,  and

edible fruit. He is knowledgeable about trees and the

like but a little short on practical upkeep. He isnt very

conscientious about keeping the trees trimmed, and they

look it. Their beds are overgrown with weeds and their

branches entwine overhead, all of which makes the row

resemble a bit of tangled forest more than an orchard.

The courtyard is a pleasant place to visit, especially on

warm spring days when the trees are in bloom. Airees

and other members of the household often spend some

time each day relaxing on one of its many benches and

enjoying the atmosphere.

2A. Beehives

These conical wooden structures house a thriving colony

of honeybees that find plenty of nectar in the Hollows

fruit trees and garden. The hives are another of Aireess

projects,  and  he  manages  to  harvest  a  few  pounds  of

honey now and then.

2B. Main Entrance

This short flight of stone steps leads up about 3 feet from

the courtyard to the Hollows front door.

3. Stable

This structure is an open leanto built against the court-

yards west wall. Its roof is about 12 feet high where it

meets the courtyard wall, sloping down to about 7 feet at

its eastern end. This might make a handy ramp for cat

burglars trying to scale the outer wall and gain access to

the courtyard, so Benay keeps a permanent alarm spell

centered 35 feet above the ground over the stable. The

shaded  circle  on  the  map  shows  the  area  the  spell

covers. Any burglar who braves the stable roof also has

slippery slates (see the Roofs entry above) to worry

about.

Inside the stable are two box stalls and a pair of smaller

stalls. The doors to the box stalls have latches but not

locks. A light warhorse lives in each box stall (mounts for

Benay  and  Airees). The  smaller  stalls  are  for  visitors

mounts and usually remain empty. A loft overhead exists

to store feed and bedding for the horses.

The Ahollows employ Morna, a human girl about 14

years  old,  to  tend  the  horses  and  stables.  She  spends

most of the daylight hours here. It takes her only a few

hours each day to see to the horses needs, so she has

plenty of time to loaf up in the loft.

DLight  Warhorses  (2):  hp  22  each  (see  Monster

Manual, page 197).

4. Storehouse.

This small stone building abuts the courtyards west wall.

The top of its peaked roof is 20 feet high. Like the stable

roof,  the  storehouse  roof  offers  an  inviting  path  ???

burglars  trying  to  get  over  the  outer  wall,  so  Benays

alarm spell (see area 3 above) also covers this area.

Inside the storehouse, Benay and Airees keep an assort-

ment of tools and goods hanging from the rafters ???

sitting on shelves along the walls: gardening implement

spare parts for beehives, seeds, tack and harness for the

horses, extra roof slates, and other mundane objects ???

low  mound  of  earth  against  the  west  wall  serves  as  a

storage area for root vegetables from the garden (mostly

turnips and carrots); they keep well in the cool, dry earth.

5. Well House

The well house is a freestanding stone building 8 feet

high. A short flight of steps leads down to the building's

cool interior. A wellthe Hollows water supplylies in

the center of the floor, with a windlass with a rope and a

bucker  for  drawing  out  water.  Benay  and  Airees  take

advantage of the well houses cool interior to store barrel

of  apples  from  their  trees  and  bunches  of  dried  herb

from the garden. The apple barrels stand in the corner,

while the herbs hang from the rafters.

6. Garden

The Ahollows grow herbs, vegetables, and flowers in the

unpaved area around the well house. Each spring, they

plant everything in neat rows. As the season progress

the garden tends to go wild, as neither Benay nor Airee

is particularly studious about weeding or pruning.

7. Entrance Hall

The  5-foot  alcove  leading  to  the  inner  door  to  the

entrance hall contains a thick mat embroidered with the

poem, Welcome to the Hollow (a 30-word ditty writen

by Airees in a light-hearted moment; DMs are encour-

aged to create their own poems here). Benay and Airee

have two such mats, and one of them bears a sepia snake

sigil  spell.  Normally,  the  latter  is  kept  tucked  away

during the day (members of the household might inad-

vertently  read  it  when  passing  in  and  out).  Airee

unrolls the enspelled mat each evening, when he also

places  a  torch-sized  iron  rod  bearing  a  continual  flame

spell in a sconce on the north wall.

The entrance hall itself is always kept lit with continual

flame spells cast on iron rods permanently attached to the

west, east, and south walls. The stone floor is bare, though

there usually are a few stray reeds lying near the door to

the kitchen (area 9). A small cabinet on the west wall

holds  whatever  welcome  mat  is  not  currently  in  use,

plus two more iron rods with continual flame spells.

A flight of stairs leads up to the sitting room (area 16).

Sepia Snake Sigil: CR 3; Ref save (DC 18) on reading

text or be immobilized until released by Benay's command

or  after  1d4+14  days;  Search  (DC  28);  Disable  Device

(DC 28).

32

CHAPTER  1:  ARCANE  LORE

8. Receiving Room

This chamber is supposed to serve as the Hollows dining

room and a place to entertain visitors whom Benay and

Airees  dont  know  necessarily  well,  such  as  strangers

seeking magical services, fellow spellcasters known only

by reputation, and the like. Benay and Airees seldom

use the room, however, since most visitors to the Hollow

these days are well known to them (usually adventuring

companions and other old chums). Consequently, the

room is dark, dusty, and stuffy.

Although a fire is seldom burning in the chambers

fireplace, its back is open to the kitchen (area 9), whose

fire casts a dim orange glow over the room. An elaborate

oriental rug covers most of the stone floor, and an over-

stuffed sofa sits in front of the fireplace. A magnificent,

round oak table stands to the southwest, and eight high-

backed chairs surround it. Shelves are packed with books,

scrolls, odd glassware, and an incredible variety of bric-a-

brac line the walls. Among the items on display are

several  skulls,  a  stuffed  stirge,  an  authentic-looking

homunculus (just a replica), and several depleted wands

(Benay  and  Airees  bought  them  cheaply  when  their

charges were running low and used them up).

Lately,  this  room  has  become  the  repository  for

anything  the  Ahollows  dont  want  lying  around  the

house. A collection of dusty wine bottles-some full,

some empty-occupy quite a bit of shelf space. Theres a

crate of old bones intended as the skeleton for a flesh

golem Airees plans to make someday (courtesy of the

flesh golem manual stored in area 18), a big collection of

dented armor and rusty weapons (trophies Benay and

Airees have dragged home from their adventures), and

a small boat (used once to navigate an underground river)

with a pair of oars.

9. Kitchen

The atmosphere in here always seems warm and cozy,

and the chamber is filled with the smell of fragrant

herbs, good cooking, fresh bread, or all three. All the

households meals are prepared here, and most are served

here as well. A big fireplace, a row of shelves packed with

foodstuffs and dinnerware, and a long, sturdy high table

with a marble top that doubles as workspace and dinner

table occupy this room. The table is about chest high for a

human, which allows most people to stand and work at

the table without stooping. Six tall stools allow diners to

sit comfortably.

A wide assortment of cast-iron and copper pots, pans,

and kettles dangle from hooks in the ceiling. The cham-

bers big fireplace is fitted with spits, hooks, and racks for

cooking. A door in the northwest corner gives access to

stairs leading down into the cellar. Three iron rods with

continual flame spells provide light, one on either side of

the fireplace and one in the middle of the north wall.

The  kitchen  floor  is  covered  with  a  mixture  of  dry

reeds gathered outside the city and dried herbs taken

from the garden. The mixture serves to soak up spills

and  crumbs  and  is  changed  about  every  two  weeks,

keeping the whole chamber clean and fresh.

The  cook,  an  elderly  human  man  named  Carver,  is

usually here, either preparing something for the next

meal or dozing by the fire. Benays cat familiar, Shamus,

also likes to curl up in front of the fire.

10. Back Hall

Numerous crates and barrels line the west wall of this

short corridor, which has a bare stone floor. The contai-

ners hold mostly nonperishable food items: flour, salted

meat and fish, dried fruit, and the like. All this material is

supposed to be stored in the pantry (area 11), but Benay

and Airees are somewhat overstocked with supplies. In

warm weather, the braziers used to warm the Hollows

unheated areas are stacked at the north end of the corri-

dor.  A  single  iron  rod  bearing  a  continual  flame  spell

provides light.

11. Pantry

This small, dark chamber gets light only when the door

leading from the back hall (area 10) is open. A neat pile of

firewood lines the whole north wall. The rest of the room

is crammed with crates and barrels similar to those in the

hall, plus a loose pile of charcoal. The floor is bare stone,

but almost none of it is visible.

12. Edwins Room

Edwin, the Ahollows apprentice, sleeps and works here,

though he usually is busy in the courtyard, study, or lab

during the day.

The chamber was originally intended as a storage area

and isnt very cheery. When Edwin moved in, the Ahol-

lows  built  a  fireplace  in  the  northeast  corner  to  help

drive  away  the  damp  and  chill. They  also  provided  a

colorful woolen rug and wainscoting on the walls.

Edwin has a comfortable bed. He also has a writing

desk, a set of shelves, and a chest for holding clothing

and equipment. A sturdy hutch under the bed is home

to Hildee, a weasel and Edwins future familiar.

The  shelves  hold  Edwins  spellbook  and  few  other

volumes  borrowed  from  the  study  (area  13),  plus  a

wooden box filled with spell components (enough for at

least three of each entry in his spellbook) and another

box filled with bits of dried meat (treats for Hildee). The

desk has one drawer, which is filled with writing supplies

(ink,  quills,  parchment,  paper,  and  rulers)  and  a  few

paperweights.

Edwin

A local boy with a serious, forthright manner, Edwin is

seventeen years old and hopes to strike off on his own

soon. He jumped at the chance to serve the Ahollows in

return  for  magical  training,  and  soon  found  he  had  a

talent for Abjuration spells. He now feels he has mastered

at least the basics of the magical arts. Benay and Airees

agree, and have begun to pay him a small stipend, which

Edwin is saving up to buy equipment and the material he

needs to bind with his intended familiar. Edwin would

like nothing better than to use a spell in a real battle.

DEdwin: Male human Abj1; CR 1; Medium-size huma-

noid  (human);  HD  1d4+1;  hp  5;  Init  +6;  Spd  30  ft.;

33

CHAPTER  1:  ARCANE  LORE

AC 12 (touch 12, flat-footed 10); Atk -1 melee (1d61,

quarterstaff ) or 1 melee (1d4-1/19-20, dagger); AL NG;

SV Fort +1, Ref +2, Will +3; Str 8, Dex 14, Con 13, Int 15,

Wis 12, Cha 10.

Skills and Feats: Concentration +5, Knowledge (arcana)

+6,  Listen  +3,  Scry  +6,  Spellcraft  +6;  Combat  Casting,

Improved Initiative, Scribe Scroll.

Spells Prepared: (4/3): 0detect magic, flare, prestidigita-

tion, resistance*; 1stburning hands, hold portal*, mage

armor.

Spellbook: 0arcane mark, dancing lights, daze, detect

magic, flare, ghost sound, light, mage hand, mending, open/

close, prestidigitation, ray of frost, read magic, resistance;

1stalarm, burning hands, expeditious retreat, hold portal,

mage armor.

Abjuration  school  (specialty).  Prohibited  schools:

Divination and Necromancy.

Possessions: Partial set of keys to the Hollow, 15 gp.

DHildee the Weasel: hp 2 (see Monster Manual, page

203).

13. Study

Benay and Airees spend many of their waking hours in

here. The chamber serves as their workroom for most

tasks that dont require the equipment in the laboratory

(area 21).

The room contains a fireplace, a sofa, an armchair, and

a heavy table that is both writing desk and workbench.

The  table  overflows  with  odds  and  ends,  including  a

crystal ball, rolls of paper and parchment, an ink well,

some quills, a small brass telescope, a few wands, and a

cage containing a homunculus (see below). An oriental

rug covers most of the floor, and shelves that run from

floor to ceiling line the chambers curving walls. Also, a

small stepladder is here to help reach the upper shelves.

Six  freestanding  brass  candlesticks,  8  feet  high  and

bearing continual flame spells, provide light.

Airees made the homunculus as practice for building a

golem or two someday. Unfortunately, he doesnt have

the right selection of spells for golem construction (he

had to cast the mirror image and arcane eye spells required

for  the  homunculus  from  scrolls  Benay  prepared  for

him). The  homunculus  is  charged  with  telepathically

warning  Airees  if  any  intruders  enter  the  study. The

cage actually protects its occupant from attack. It has two

doors, both of which the homunculus can open should it

need to flee the room. The door leading to the entrance

hall (area 7) is fitted with a small hatch at the bottom that

the  homunculus  can  use.  It  also  allows  Benays  and

Aireess familiars easy access to the study.

The collection of wands includes three wand-sized,

nonmagical sticks, two wand-size sticks that bear Nystuls

magic aura spells, and a fully charged wand of arcane lock

(l4th-level  caster,  50  charges).  Benay  created  this  last

wand for locking the Hollows doors in the event of an

attack.

The rooms shelves hold many books, but equal space

is given to vials and flasks of all kinds. Most of these

containers  hold  odd  itemseverything  from

hummingbird  tongues  to  dragon  scalesthat  the

Ahollows have collected over the years. The collection

area holds five or six sets of material components for

each spell that Benay or Airees knows. Three of the bodies

contain explosive runes and three of the containers have

fire trap spells cast on them. There also is a small wooden

box,  badly  scarred  and  overflowing  with  pebbles  and

rocks. So many are crammed inside that the container

wont close. Most of the stones are worthless, but one, a

stone of controlling earth elementals that has received a Nystuls

undetectable aura spell. If trouble arises, Benays or Airees

can use the stone to summon an earth elemental from

the garden.

In  keeping  with  the  Ahollows  penchant  for  using

every bit of storage space, all manner of crystals, small

bags, and bundles of dried herbs hang from the ceiling.

Stairs lead down to a door into the garden (area 6) and

are covered with a fine rug. This is a rug of welcome set to

entrap anyone who sets foot on the stairs.

DHomunculus: hp 11 (see Monster Manual, page 120)

Explosive  Runes:

Explosive  Runes:

Explosive  Runes: CR  3;  reader  and  object  take  6d6

Explosive  Runes:

Explosive  Runes:

points of damage (no save), others within 10 feet can

make Ref save (DC 18) for half; Search (DC 28); Disable

Device (DC 28). Benay, Airees, and Edwin can read the

runes without triggering them.

FFFFFiririririre e e e e  TTTTTrrrrrap:ap:ap:ap:ap: CR 4; 5-foot-radius flames around spells

center  when  item  opened,  1d4+14  fire  damage,  item

undamaged; Ref save (DC 19) halves; Search (DC 29),

Disable  Device  (DC  29).  Benay  can  open  the  warded

item without triggering the spell.

elcome:

elcome:

ug of WWWWWelcome:

ug of

ug of

RRRRRug of

elcome: CR 5; transforms into animated object

elcome:

ug of

and makes a grapple attack against anyone not uttering

the password (see Chapter 4: Tools of the Trade); Search

(DC 32); Disable Device (DC 32). The current password

is: Whats up, honey?, but Airees changes it every two

weeks or so.

14. Cellar

This tiny, dark space has a ceiling barely high for an aver-

age human to stand upright. It holds nothing but a couple

of casks of wine, brandy, and other potables. The corner

are thick with dust and spider webs.

The door leading to the summoning room (area 15) is

always kept locked.

15. Summoning Room

The door leading into this room is made of iron with a 3-

inch-thick core of lead. It is always kept locked. Despite

its great weight, it is well balanced and opens easily when

unlocked.

A 3-inch-thick layer of lead lies sandwiched within the

chambers walls, floor, and ceiling. The floor is smooth

finished marble, with walls and ceiling to match. The

circular diagrams are engraved in the floor and inlaid

with silver. The larger of the two is about 20 feet in diam-

eter and fills the eastern half of the room. This is simply

a  permanent  version  of  a  summoning  diagram  (as

described  on  page  157  of  the  Players  Handbook). The

34

CHAPTER  1:  ARCANE  LORE

smaller diagram is about 10 feet in diameter. It is a magic

item (albeit one thats permanently affixed to the floor)

that creates a magic circle against evil effect emanating from

the center of the circle.

Benay uses this room to summon extraplanar aid

when necessary, The room is currently unoccupied,

but if Benay expects trouble she often uses a planar

binding spell to call in a pair of invisible stalkers that

help protect the Hollow.

d Iron and Lead Door: 6 in. thick; hardness 10; hp

135; break DC 28; Open Lock DC 25.

19. Servants Rooms

These  rooms  each  contain  a  bed  and  a  small  chest  of

drawers. In cold weather, each chamber also has a char-

coal  brazier  for  heat.  Currently  the  cook,  Carver  (see

area 9), occupies one room. Morna, the groom, has the

other (see area 3).

20. Washing Room

This room has a tile floor and a variety of tubs and basins

for bathing and washing. Theres usually plenty of wet

laundry hanging up to dry.

16. Sitting Room

This spacious chamber is airy and very pleasant when

morning light floods in through the large oriel window

in the east wall. Stairs at the north end curve down to the

entrance hall (area 7), and an open area in the floor near

the stairs gives a good view of anything happening in the

hall below.

The rooms furnishings include a long wooden bench

set in the window alcove, two sofas, and a fine woolen

rug. The chamber has no fireplace, but the Ahollows

warm it with large charcoal braziers in cold weather.

17. Lumber Room

This small storage area is crammed with linens, chamber

pots, old clothes, brooms, and all manner of mundane

household goods. A few items are likely to tumble out if

someone opens the door too quickly.

18. Master Bedroom

Benay and Airees share this chamber. It contains a fire-

place, a huge bed with a canopy and curtains, two trunks,

a sofa, four wardrobes, and a desk with space for two to

work facing each other. Two woolen rugs cover most of

the floor. A rack over the fireplace holds Benays quarter-

staff,  Aireess  shortspear,  and  the  couples  crossbows

whenever  their  owners  arent  carrying  or  using  them

(which is most of the time theyre at home, unless theyre

expecting trouble). An oriel window to the west looks

out over the courtyard (area 2), and a bench placed in the

windows alcove allows one to sit facing either outside or

into the room.

The bed is well made but nothing special. The sofa is

worn  but  comfortable. The  wardrobes  hold  normal

clothing. The trunks are locked and contain ordinary

(and  much-used)  adventuring  gear.  Unless  theyre

expecting  trouble  or  an  important  visitor,  Benay  and

Airees  usually  keep  their  potions  and  scrolls  in  their

trunks as well.

The top of the desk is usually empty (neither Benay

nor Airees uses it much). Benay keeps a duplicate set of

her spellbooks at one end of it, using a pair of dragons

teeth as bookends. The row of books also contains a few

volumes borrowed from the study (area 13) for late night

reading, and a flesh golem manual (see Chapter 4: Tools of

the Trade). The desks drawers are full of neatly stored

writing supplies, most of which go unused. One drawer

also holds a crystal ball.

21. Laboratory

Benay and Airees do most of their serious magical work

in here, including scroll scribing and potion brewing.

The labs windows provide plenty of light during the day,

but twelve candlesticks like those in the study (area 13)

also  provide  ample  light  at  any  time  of  day. The  bare

stone floor is clean but bears a few scorch marks and

stains.

The chamber is equipped with everything needed to

tackle  just  about  any  magical  project  except  spell

research,  for  which  the  study  (area  13)  is  more  than

adequate.  Among  other  things,  a  small  forge,  several

braziers, a chest full of glassware, assorted chemicals

and unusual materials (everything from demon blood

to hairs from a unicorns tail), a stock of empty potion

vials, a balance and a set of weights, and a telescope

even bigger and finer than the one in the study are

here.  Airees  plans  to  build  his  flesh  golem  in  here

eventually.

Benay Ahollow

Benay is young for someone other magical prowess, only

thirty years old. Until a few years ago, she was an active

adventurer, but since building the Hollow with Airees,

she has become semiretired. Now she is content to cast a

few spells for hire, scribe a scroll or two, and attempt to

fill the hollow heads of her apprentices with a modicum

of magical knowledge.

DBenay  Ahollow:  Female  human  Wiz14;  CR  14;

Medium-size humanoid (human); HD 14d4+14; hp 51;

Init +3; Spd 30 ft.; AC 19 (touch 15, flat-footed 16); Atk

+8/+3 melee (1d6+1, +1 quarterstaff ) or +7/+2 melee

(1d4/19-20, dagger); SQ Cat familiar (see below); AL CG;

SV Fort +7, Ref +11, Will +14; Str 10, Dex 16 (14), Con 13,

Int 20 (18), Wis 13, Cha 10. Height 5 ft. 5 in.

Skills and Feats: Concentration +18, Heal +3, Knowledge

(arcana)  +15,  Listen  +3,  Move  Silently  +9,  Profession

(herbalist) +11, Scry +22, Search +9, Sense Motive +3,

Spellcraft +22, Spot +7; Alertness, Brew Potion, Combat

Casting,  Craft Wand,  Iron  Will,  Lightning  Reflexes,

Maximize Spell, Quicken Spell, Scribe Scroll.

Spells Prepared: (4/6/5/5/5/4/3/2; base DC 15+ spell

level): 0detect magic (2), light, mage hand, 1stburning

hands, charm person (2), expeditious retreat, magic missile (2);

2ndcats grace, invisibility (2), Melf s acid arrow, see invis-

ibility; 3rddispel magic, displacement, fireball, protection

35

CHAPTER  1:  ARCANE  LORE

from  elements,  summon  monster  III;  4thconfusion,

dimension door, ice storm, Stoneskin, wall of ice; 5thcone of

cold (2), teleport, wall of force; 6thcircle of death, mass

haste, Otilufees freezing sphere; 7thMordenkainens sword,

prismatic spray.

Spellbook: 0arcane mark, dancing lights, daze, detect

magic, detect poison, disrupt undead, flare, ghost sound, light,

mage hand, mending, open/close, prestidigitation, ray of frost,

read  magic,  resistance;  1stalarm,  burning  hands,  charm

person, enlarge, expeditious retreat, hold portal, lesser cold orb

(see Chapter 5: Spells), mage armor, magic missile, magic

weapon, Nystuls magic aura, Nystuls undetectable aura,

reduce, shield, sleep, summon monster I; 2ndarcane lock,

cat s grace, continual flame, hypnotic pattern, invisibility,

Melfs acid arrow, mirror image, obscure object, see invisibility,

summon monster II, web; 3rdClairaudience / clairvoyance,

dispel magic, displacement, explosive runes, fireball, fly, haste,

protection from elements, sepia snake sigil, slow, summon

monster III; 4tharcane eye, cold orb (see Chapter 5: Spells),

confusion, dimensional anchor, dimension door, fire trap,

ice storm, polymorph self, remove curse, Stoneskin, wall of

ice; 5thcone of cold, dismissal, energy buffer (see Chapter 5:

Spells), Leomunds secret chest, lesser planar binding, perma-

nency, telekinesis, teleport, wall of force; 6thcircle of death,

globe of invulnerability, greater dispelling, guards and wards,

mass haste, Otilufees freezing sphere, planar binding; 7th

limited wish, Mordenkainens sword, power word stun, pris-

matic spray, spell turning.

Possessions: Amulet of natural armor +1, bracers of armor

+3, cloak of resistance +2, gloves of Dexterity +2, headband of

intellect +2, pearl of power (1st-level spell), pearl of power

(2nd-level spell), +1 quarterstaff, ring of protection +2,

scroll of incendiary cloud, scroll of power word stun, scroll of

solid  fog,  wand  of  magic  missile  (caster  level  9,  maxi-

mized,  20  charges),  masterwork  light  crossbow,  20

masterwork bolts, set of keys to the Hollow, 45 gp, 2

100gp gems.

DShamus: Cat familiar; CR ; Tiny magical beast; HD

14; hp 25; Init +2; Spd 30 ft.; AC 21 (touch 14, flat-footed

19);  Atk  +11/+11/+5  melee  (1d2-4,  claws;  1d3-4,  bite);

Face/Reach 2 ft. by 2 ft./0 ft.; SQ Grants +2 to Move

Silently, granted abilities; SR 19; AL CG; SV Fort +4, Ref

+6, Will +10; Str 3, Dex 15, Con 10, Int 12, Wis 12, Cha 7.

Skills and Feats: Listen +4, Move Silently +9, Hide +17/

+21 in tall grass or heavy undergrowth; Weapon Finesse

(claw, bite).

Granted Abilities: Alertness, improved evasion, share

spells, empathic link, touch, speak with master, speak

with cats, scry on familiar (see Familiars on page 51 of the

Players Handbook).

Airees Ahollow

A former adventurer, Airees considers himself retired

enjoys the good life at the Hollow. He has an unhurried

and distracted manner that makes him seem older that

his forty-five years. He spends his days puttering around

the house and courtyard, never staying at one job for too

long. He has little patience for any task that isnt accom-

plished easily.

DAirees Ahollow: Male human Sor15; CR 15; Medium-

size humanoid (human); HD 15d4+15; hp 54; Init +7; Spd

30 ft.; AC 19 (touch 15, flat-footed 16); Atk +7/+2 melee

(1d8+1/X3, +1 shortspear) or +7/+2 (1d4/19-20, dagger);

SQ Raven familiar (see below); AL CG; SV Fort +8, Ref

+12, Will +14; Str 10, Dex 16 (14), Con 13, Int 12, Wis 12,

Cha 22 (18). Height 5 ft. 9 in.

Skills and Feats: Concentration +19, Knowledge (nature)

+19, Listen +3, Scry +19, Spellcraft +19, Spot +2; Alertness

Craft Wondrous Item, Energy Substitution (see Chapter

2:  Feats),  Improved  Initiative,  Iron  Will,  Lightning

Reflexes, Scribe Scroll.

Spells Per Day (6/8/8/7/7/7/7/4; base DC = 16+ spell

level): 0detect magic, flare, ghost sound, light, mage hand,

mending, open/close, prestidigitation, read magic; 1stburn-

ing hands, charm person, magic missile, sleep, unseen servant;

2ndhypnotic pattern, knock, Melfs acid arrow, minor image,

see invisibility; 3rdblink, displacement, flame arrow, haste;

4thdimension door, emotion, ice storm, polymorph self;

5thcone of cold, energy buffer (see Chapter 5: Spells),

shadow evocation, wall of stone; 6thacid fog, eyebite, true

seeing; 7thdelayed blast fireball, prismatic spray.

Possessions: amulet of natural armor +1, bracers of armor +3,

cloak of Charisma +4, gloves of Dexterity +2, ring of protection,

+2, scroll of incendiary cloud, scroll of power word stun, scroll of

solid fog, +1 shortspear, vest of resistance +2, wand of magic

missile (caster level 9, maximized, 42 charges), wand of

lighting bolt (caster level 10, 30 charges), masterwork light

crossbow, 20 masterwork bolts, set of keys to the Hollow

21 gp, 3 100gp gems.

DCeirian: Raven familiar; CR ; Tiny magical beast;

HD 15; hp 27; Init +2; Spd 10 ft. fly 40 ft. (average); AC: 22

(touch 14, flat-footed 20); Atk +11/+6 (1d2-5, claw);

Face/Reach 2  ft. by 2  ft./0 ft.; SQ Speak Common,

granted abilities; SR 20; AL CG; SV Fort +5, Ref +7, Will

+11; Str 1, Dex 15, Con 10, Int 13, Wis 14, Cha 6

Skills and Feats: Listen +6, Spot +6; Weapon Finesse (claw)

Granted Abilities: Alertness, improved evasion, share

spells, empathic link, touch, speak with master, speak

with birds, scry on familiar (see Familiars on page 51 of

Players Handbook).

36

CHAPTER  2:  FEATS

CHAPTER 2:

FEATS

Feats  provide  your  character  with  new  capabilities  or

improve ones she already has.

The  Players Handbook presents  a base assortment  of

feats. This  chapter  offers  several  new  feat  options,

designed specifically for arcane spellcasters (although

anyone who qualifies can take them).

ACQUIRING  FEATS

You choose feats according to the schedule described in

the Players Handbook: Each character gets one feat when

first created, another at 3rd level, and one every three

levels thereafter. Race, class, and prestige class selection

also have an impact on how quickly you can acquire new

feats.

These new feats have prerequisites, which can be a

minimum ability score, another feat or feats, a minimum

base attack bonus, ability to cast certain spells, or a special

condition that a character must meet.

Virtual Feats

If you have a feat as a class feature or special ability,

then you can use that "virtual feat" as a prerequisite for

other feats. For instance, if you have some class feature

or ability that says, "This is the same as Still Spell, then

you are considered to have the Still Spell feat for purposes

of acquiring the Innate Spell feat detailed below. You are

also  treated  as  having  any  prerequisites  of  the  virtual

feat, but only for purposes of acquiring other feats. If

you ever lose the virtual prerequisite, you also lose access

to any feats you acquired through its existence.

Feats and Weaponlike Spells

Any spell that requires an attack roll and deals damage

can be treated much as a weapon (see Chapter 5: Spells

for  a  detailed  discussion).  Several  feats  that  improve

combat performance can be used to enhance Weaponlike

spells, as noted here.

Weaponlike Spell Categories

For purposes of combat-enhancing feats, weaponlike spells

fall into three categories: ray, energy missile, and touch spell.

Ray: Such spells produce a ray effect and require a

ranged touch attack (see Aiming a Spell on page 148 of

the Players Handbook).

Energy Missile: The spell creates something physical

as a projectile or that the caster can hurl, such as Melf s

acid arrow or produce flame.

Touch Spell: Any damage-dealing spell that has a range

of touch (see Range on page 148 of the Players Handbook).

37

CHAPTER  2:  FEATS

2-1: F

2-1: F

TTTTTABLE

2-1: FEATS

2-1: F

ABLEABLE 2-1: F

ABLEABLE

EATS

EATS

EATS

EATS

General  Feats

General  Feats

General  Feats

General  Feats

General  Feats

Arcane  Defence

Arcane  Preparation*

Prerequisite

Prerequisite

Prerequisite

Prerequisite

Prerequisite

Spell  Focus

Able  to  cast  arcane  spells  without

preparation

Spellcaster  level  2nd+

Spellcaster  level  4th+

Spellcaster  level  3rd+

Spell  Focus

Augmented  Summoning

Extra  Slot

Extra  Spell

Greater  Spell  Focus*

Greater  Spell  Penetration* Spell  Penetration

Improved  Familiar*

Innate  Spell*

Spell  Specialization

Special

Quicken Spell, Silent Spell, Still Spell

Weapon Focus, Spellcaster Level 4th+

Metamagic  Feats

Metamagic  Feats

Metamagic  Feats

Metamagic  Feats

Metamagic  Feats

Chain  Spell

Cooperative  Spell

Delay  Spell*

Energy  Admixture

Energy  Substitution

Eschew  Materials

Persistent  Spell*

Repeat  Spell

Sanctum  Spell

Sculpt  Spell

Split  Ray

Subdual  Substitution

Prerequisite

Prerequisite

Prerequisite

Prerequisite

Prerequisite

Any  other  Metamagic  feat

Any  other  metamagic  feat

Any  other  Metamagic  feat

Energy  Substitution,  any  other

metamagic feat, 5 ranks in

Knowledge  (arcana)

Any other Metamagic feat, 5 ranks

in  Knowledge  (arcana)

Any  other  metamagic  feat

Extend  Spell

Any  other  metamagic  feat

Any  other  Metamagic  feat

Any  other  metamagic  feat

Any  other  Metamagic  feat

Any other metamagic feat, 5 ranks

in  Knowledge  (arcana)

Any  other  Metamagic  feat

Any  other  Metamagic  feat

Twin  Spell*

Widen  Spell

First  appeared  in  the Forgotten Realms Campaign Setting.

feet or less. The extra damage is of the same type as the

spell deals. However, spells that inflict energy drain or

ability  damage  deal  1  extra  point  of  negative  energy

damage, not an extra negative level or point of ability

damage.

Precise Shot: You can fire a ray or energy missiles into

melee without suffering the usual 4 penalty to ranged

attacks.

Stunning  Fist: You  can  deliver  a  touch  spell  with

unarmed  strike  as  described  in  Improved  Unarmed

Strike, above. A hit produces the normal chance to strike

the foe along with damage from the strike, and it also

discharges the spell effect.

Two-Weapon Fighting: You can use a touch spell as

part of a two-weapon attack. You must already have a

weapon in one hand while casting the touch spell, hold

the charge, and then attack with both spell and weapon

during a later action. If you cast the spell and then draw

a weapon, the spell discharges and is wasted.

The hand used to deliver the touch spell is considered

a light weapon and uses the appropriate attack modifier

(see Attacking with Two Weapons on page 124 of the

Players Handbook).

Weapon Finesse: You can designate touch spells as

light weapons so as to add your Dexterity modifier to

your melee attack rolls with such spells.

Weapon Focus: Choose one category of weapon or

spell (ray, energy missile, or touch spell). You add +1 to

attack rolls made with such spells. You can gain this feat

multiple times, choosing a different weapon or category

of Weaponlike spell each time.

Just watch me.

NEW FEAT

Henri

Eligible  Feats

The  following  feats  can  be  chosen  to  enhance  the

performance of Weaponlike spells in combat.

Improved Critical: Choose one category of weapon-

like spell (ray, energy missile, or touch spell). When you

use a spell of the selected category, the threat range is

doubled. A spell normally threatens a critical on a 20; this

feat increases that range to 19-20. You can gain this feat

multiple times, choosing a different weapon or category

of Weaponlike spell each time.

Improved Two-Weapon Fighting: See the notes on

Two-Weapon Fighting, below.

Improved Unarmed Strike: You can use an unarmed

strike to deliver a touch spell and are considered to be

armed. You make a normal melee attack (the defender

gets the full benefit of armor and shield). If the attack

hits, the unarmed strike deals its normal damage and

the spell is discharged against the defender. Only the

unarmed strike can inflict a critical hit.

A character without this feat also could deliver a touch

spell with an unarmed strike, but doing so would provoke

an  attack  of  opportunity  from  the  target,  and  the

unarmed strike would deal subdual damage.

Point Blank Shot: You gain a +1 modifier on attack

and damage with rays and energy missiles at ranges of 30

Arcane  Defense [General]

Choose a school of magic, such as Illusion. You can resist

spells from that school better than normal.

Prerequisites: Spell Focus in the school chosen.

Benefit: Add +2 to your saving throws against spells

of the chosen school.

Special: You  can  gain  this  feat  multiple  times. The

effects do not stack. Each time you take the feat, it applies

to a new school of magic.

Arcane  Preparation  [General]

You can prepare an arcane spell ahead of time as a wizard

does.

Prerequisite: You must be able to cast spells as a bard

or sorcerer before you can take this feat.

Benefit: Each day, you are able to prepare one or

more spells as a wizard does. If you are a sorcerer or a

bard, this means that you can prepare a spell with a

metamagic feat ahead of time, instead of casting it as a

full-round action.

The prepared spell remains in your mind and occupies

one of your spell slots until you cast it or change it. A

prepared spell uses a spell slot of the spells normal level,

modified by any other metamagic feats.

38

Augment  Summoning  [General]

Your summoned creatures are better than normal.

Prerequisites: Spellcaster level 2nd+.

Benefit: Creatures you conjure with any summon spell

gain +1 hit point per Hit Die and a +1 competence modifier

on attack and damage rolls.

Chain  Spell [Metamagic]

You can cast spells that arc to other targets in addition to

the primary target.

Prerequisites: Any other metamagic feat.

Benefit: You can chain any spell that specifies a single

target and has a range greater than touch. The chained

spell affects that target (the primary target) normally, then

arcs to a number of secondary targets equal to your caster

level. Each arc affects one secondary target. You choose

the secondary targets as you like, but they must all be

within 30 feet of the primary target, and no target can be

affected more than once. You can affect fewer secondary

targets than the maximum.

If the chained spell deals damage, the secondary targets

each  take  half  as  many  dice  of  damage  as  the  primary

target  (rounded  down)  and  can  attempt  Reflex  saving

throws for half of the secondary damage. For spells that do

not deal points of damage, the save DCs against arcing

effects are reduced by 4. For example, a 10th-level wizard

casts a chained cause fear on a nearby goblin and can specify

up to ten secondary targets. The goblin, as primary target,

must make a Will save against DC 14, while those affected

by the secondary arcs save against DC 10.

A chained spell uses up a spell slot three levels higher

than the spells actual level.

Cooperative  Spell [Metamagic]

You can cast spells to greater effect in conjunction with

the same spell cast by another.

Prerequisites: Any other metamagic feat.

Benefit: You and another spellcaster with the Coopera-

tive Spell feat can simultaneously cast the same spell (at the

same time in the round). You must be adjacent to one another

when casting cooperatively. Add +2 to the save DC against

cooperatively cast spells and +1 to caster level checks to beat

the targets spell resistance (if any). Use the base DC and

level check of the better caster. A cooperative spell uses up

a spell slot of the same level as the spells actual level.

Special: For each additional caster with this feat cast-

ing the same cooperative spell simultaneously, the spells

save DC and caster level check both increase by +1. When

more than two spellcasters cooperatively cast a spell, each

must be adjacent to at least two other casters.

For example, four spellcasters (two wizards and two sor-

cerers) standing in a circle all possess Cooperative Spell.

Three of them ready an action to cast fireball when the

member with the lowest initiative takes her action, also cast-

ing fireball. The base DC of the Reflex save is equal to the

highest individual save DC among the cooperative casters,

as determined by their relevant ability scores or other feats

(such as Spell Focus), special abilities, or items. In this case,

one wizard has Intelligence 18, which ties with a sorcerers

CHAPTER  2:  FEATS

Charisma 18, so the base DC is 17 (10+3 for the spells level

+4 for the ability score modifier). The final save DC of the

cooperatively cast fireball is 17+2+1+1 or 21. Whoever has

the highest caster level determines the base

caster level check, which gains a +4 modifier.

Substituting and

Substituting and

Substituting and

Substituting and

Substituting and

Admixing Energy

Admixing Energy

Admixing Energy

Admixing Energy

Admixing Energy

Delay  Spell [Metamagic]

You can cast spells that take effect after a

short delay of your choosing.

Prerequisite: Any other metamagic feat.

Benefit: A delayed spell doesnt activate

until 1 to 5 rounds after you finish casting

it. You determine the delay when casting

the spell, and it cannot be changed once

set. The spell activates just before your

turn on the round you designate. Only area,

personal, and touch spells may be affected

by this feat.

Any decisions you would make about

the spell, including attack rolls, designat-

ing targets, or determining or shaping an

area, are decided when the spell is cast.

Any effects resolved by those affected by

the  spell,  including  saving  throws,  are

decided when the spell triggers. If condi-

tions change between casting and effect in

such a fashion as to make the spell impos-

siblefor example, the target you desig-

nate  leaves  the  spells  maximum  range

before it goes offthe spell fails.

A  delayed  spell  may  be  dispelled

normally  during  the  delay,  and  can  be

detected normally in the area or on the

target with spells such as detect magic. A

delayed  spell  uses  up  a  spell  slot  three

levels higher than the spells actual level.

Energy  Admixture

[Metamagic]

You can modify a spell that uses one type of

energy to mix in an equal amount of another

type of energy.

Prerequisite: Energy Substitution, one

other  metamagic  feat,  5  ranks  in  Knowl-

edge (arcana).

When you alter a spell with the

Energy  Substitution  or  Energy

Admixture  feats,  the  spell

behaves  exactly  as  the  normal

version does, expect for the type

of damage dealt. For example, a

fireball  with  acid  energy

substituted  for  fire  or  admixed

with add still deals damage in a

20-foot spread.

If a spell has 3 secondary effect,

so does the altered version. For

example,  a  shout spell  can

deafen creatures and deals extra

damage to crystalline creatures.

If  fire  is  substituted  for  sonic

energy,  the  altered shout spell

still has these effects, but deals

fire  damage  instead  of  sonic.

Sometimes,  however,  a  spells

minor effects are directly related

to its energy type: for example,

a fireball can  set  things  alight,

but  a  sonic or  acid fireball

cannot.

When  a  spell  deals  some

damage  that  is  not  energy-

based, that portion of the spell

cannot  be  affected  by  Energy

Admixture  or  Energy  Substi-

tution.  For  example, ice storm

deals  3d6  points  of  impact

damage and 2d6 points of cold

damage. Substituting electricity

for  cold  produces  an  electric

storm that  deals  3d6  points  of

impact damage and 2d6 points

of  electricity  damage.  Energy

Admixture, however, matches the

full amount of damage dealt by

the  spell.  For  example,  an

electric ice storm would deal 3d6

points  of  impact  damage.  2d6

points of cold damage, and 5d6

points of electricity damage.

Benefit:  Choose  one  type  of  energy:

acid, cold, electricity, fire, or sonic. You can

modify a spell with an energy designator

to add an equal amount of the chosen type

of energy. The altered spell works normally

in all respects except the type of damage dealt (see side-

bar). Thus, an acid fireball cast at 6th level deals 6d6 fire

damage and 6d6 acid damage (roll each set of dice sepa-

rately). The damage cap for a spell cast using this feat

remains the same as the base spell but counts separately

for each type of energy. So an acid fireball cast at 10th level

or higher deals 10d6 fire damage and 10d6 acid damage.

Even opposed types of energy, such as fire and cold, can

be combined using this feat. An admixed spell uses up a

spell slot four levels higher than the spells actual level.

39

CHAPTER  2:  FEATS

Special: You can gain this feat multiple times, choos-

ing a different type of energy each time. You can use

Energy Admixture to further alter a spell that has already

been modified with Energy Substitution. You can also

use Energy Admixture to include your chosen energy

type  with  a  spell  that  already  uses  the  same  type,  in

effect doubling the damage dice.

Energy  Substitution  [Metamagic]

You can modify a spell that uses one type of energy to

use another type of energy.

Prerequisite: Any other metamagic feat, 5 ranks in

Knowledge (arcana).

Benefit: Choose one type of energy: acid, cold, elec-

tricity, fire, or sonic. You can modify a spell with an

energy  designator  to  use  the  chosen  type  of  energy

instead. A substituted spell works normally in all respects

except the type of damage dealt (see sidebar).

A substituted spell uses a spell slot of the spells normal

level, modified by any other metamagic feats.

Special: You can gain this feat multiple times, each

time it applies to a different type of energy.

Eschew  Materials  [Metamagic]

You can cast spells without material components.

Prerequisites: Any other metamagic feat.

Benefit: An eschewed spell can be cast with no material

components. Spells without material components or whose

material components cost more than 1 gp are not affected

by this feat. An eschewed spell uses up a spell slot of the

spells normal level, modified by any other metamagic feats.

Extra  Slot [General]

You can cast an extra spell.

Prerequisites: Spellcaster level 4th+.

Benefit: You gain one extra spell slot in your daily allot-

ment. This extra slot can be at any level up to one level

lower than the highest-level spell you can cast. For example,

a 4th-level sorcerer gains either an extra 0-level or 1st-level

slot, allowing him to cast any known spell of the chosen

level one more time each day. A 4th-level wizard can prepare

any extra 0-level or 1st-level spell she knows. Once selected,

the extra spell slot never migrates up or down in level.

Special: You can gain this feat multiple times. Each

time, you gain an extra spell slot at any level up to one

level lower than the highest-level spell you can cast.

Extra  Spell [General]

You can learn one more spell.

Prerequisites: Spellcaster level 3rd+.

Benefit: You learn one additional spell at any level up

to one level lower than the highest-level spell you can

cast. Thus, a 4th-level sorcerer gains a new 0-level or 1st-

level spell, expanding his repertoire. A 4th-level wizard

can likewise learn an extra 0-level or 1st-level spell, but

since wizards learn spells far more easily than sorcerers,

this feat is of less use to her.

Special: You can gain this feat multiple times. Each

time, you learn a new spell at any level up to one lower

than the highest-level spell you can cast.

Greater  Spell  Focus  [General]

Choose a school of magic to which you already have

applied the Spell Focus feat. Your magic spells of that

school are now even more potent than before.

Prerequisite: Spell Focus.

Benefit: Add +4 to the DC for all saving throws against

spells from the school of magic you select to focus on.

This supersedes (does not stack with) the bonus from

Spell Focus.

Special: You  can  gain  this  feat  multiple  times.  Its

effects do not stack. Each time you take the feat, it applies

to a new school of magic.

Greater  Spell  Penetration  [General]

Your spells are especially potent, defeating spell resist-

ance more readily than normal.

Prerequisite: Spell Penetration.

Benefit: You get a +4 modifier on caster level check to

beat a creatures spell resistance. This supersedes (does

not stack with) the bonus from Spell Penetration.

Improved  Familiar  [General]

As long as you are able to acquire a new familiar, you may

choose your new familiar from a nonstandard list.

Prerequisite:  Ability  to  acquire  a  new  familiar,

compatible alignment.

Benefit: When choosing a familiar, the following crea-

tures are also available to you. You may choose a familiar

with an alignment up to one step away on each of the align-

ment axes (lawful through chaotic, good through evil).

MPROVED F F F F FAMILIARS

2-2: I

2-2: I

TTTTTABLE

2-2: IMPROVED

2-2: I

ABLEABLE 2-2: I

AMILIARS

AMILIARS

MPROVED

MPROVED

ABLEABLE

AMILIARS

AMILIARS

MPROVED

Familiar

Familiar

Familiar

Familiar

Familiar

Shocker  lizard

Stirge

Formian  worker

Imp

Pseudodragon

Quasit

Alignment

Alignment

Alignment

Alignment

Alignment

Neutral

Neutral

Lawful  neutral

Lawful  evil

Neutral  good

Chaotic  evil

Arcane  Spellcaster

Arcane  Spellcaster

Arcane  Spellcaster

Arcane  Spellcaster

Arcane  Spellcaster

Level

Level

Level

Level

Level

5

5

7

7

7

7

These  creatures  are  described  fully  in  the  Familiars  section  in

Chapter  1.

The improved familiar is magically linked to its masters

like a normal familiar. The familiar uses the basic statis-

tics  for  a  creature  of  its  kind,  as  given  in  the  Monster

Manual.

Hit Dice: Treat as the masters level (for effects related

to Hit Dice). Use the familiars normal total if it is higher.

Hit Points: One-half the masters total or the familiar's

normal total, whichever is higher.

Attacks:  Use  the  masters  base  attack  bonus  or  the

familiars, whichever is better. Use the familiars Dexterity

or Strength modifier, whichever is greater, to get the

familiars  melee  attack  bonus  with  unarmed  attacks.

Damage equals that of a normal creature of that kind.

Special Attacks: The familiar has all the special attacks of

its kind.

40

CHAPTER  2:  FEATS

Persistent  Spell  [Metamagic]

You make one of your spells last all day.

Prerequisite: Extend Spell.

Benefit: A persistent spell has a duration of 24 hours.

The  persistent  spell  must  have  a  personal  or  a  fixed

range  (for  example,  comprehend  languages  or  detect

magic).  Spells  of  instantaneous  duration  cannot  be

affected  by  this  feat,  nor  can  spells  whose  effect  is

discharged. You need not concentrate on spells such as

detect magic and detect thoughts to be aware of the mere

presence or absence of the thing detected, but you must

still  concentrate  to  gain  additional  information  as

normal. Concentration on such a spell is a standard

action that does not provoke an attack of opportunity. A

persistent spell uses up a spell slot four levels higher

than the spells actual level.

Repeat  Spell [Metamagic]

You can cast a spell that repeats the following round.

Prerequisites: Any other metamagic feat.

Benefit: A repeated spell is automatically cast again at

the beginning of your next turn in the round. No matter

where you are, the second spell originates from the

same location and affects the same area as the original

spell. You cannot use this feat on spells with a touch

range.  If  the  original  spell  designates  a  target,  the

repeated spell affects the same target if it is within 30

feet of its original position; otherwise the second spell

fails. A repeated spell uses up a spell slot three levels

higher than the spells actual level.

Sanctum  Spell [Metamagic]

Your spells have a home ground advantage.

Prerequisites: Any other metamagic feat.

Benefit: A sanctum spell has an effective spell level

one level higher than normal if cast in your sanctum

(see Special, below)but if not cast in the sanctum, it

has an effective spell level one level lower than normal.

All effects dependent on spell level (such as save DCs

or the ability to penetrate a minor globe of invulnerability)

are calculated according to the adjusted level. A sanctum

spell uses a spell slot of the spells normal level, modified

by any other metamagic feats.

Special: Your sanctum is an area you have previously

designated  within  a  10-foot/level  radius  from  the

center. This area can be a particular site, building, or

structure. A sanctum can be designated within a larger

structure, but its special advantages cut off beyond the

maximum  area. The  designated  area  must  be  a  site

where you have spent a cumulative period of at least

three months. Once designated, it takes seven days for

the site to become a sanctum. If you designate a new

area  to  be  your  sanctum,  the  benefits  of  the  old  one

immediately fade. You may have only a single sanctum

at one time.

Special Qualities: The familiar has all the special qualities

of its kind.

Saving Throws: The familiar uses the masters base save

bonuses if they are better than the familiars.

Skills: Use the normal skills for a creature of the its kind.

Familiar Special Abilities: Use Table 3-19 in the Players

Handbook to determine additional abilities as you would

for a normal familiar.

Alternate  Improved  Familiars

The  list  in Table  2-2  presents  only  a  few  possible

improved familiars. Almost any creature of the same

general size and power as those on the list makes a

suitable familiar. Nor is the masters alignment the

only factor; for example, improved familiars could be

assigned by the masters creature type or subtype, as

shown in the examples below.

TABLE 2-3: ALTERNATE IMPROVED FAMILIARS

Familiar

Familiar

Familiar

Familiar

Familiar

Celestial  hawk*

Fiendish  viper**

Air  elemental,  small

Earth  elemental,  small

Fire  elemental,  small

Shocker  lizard

Water  elemental,  small

Homunculus

Ice  mephit

TTTTType/Subtype

ype/Subtype

ype/Subtype

ype/Subtype

ype/Subtype

Good

Evil

Air

Earth

Fire

Electricity

Water

Undead

Cold

Arcane  Spellcaster

Arcane  Spellcaster

Arcane  Spellcaster

Arcane  Spellcaster

Arcane  Spellcaster

Level

Level

Level

Level

Level

3

3

5

5

5

5

5

7

7

Or  other  celestial  animal  from  the  standard  familiar  list.

*  Or  other  fiendish  animal  from  the  standard  familiar  list.

     The  master  must  first  create  the  homunculus,  substituting

ichor or another part of the masters body for blood if necessary.

Innate  Spell [General]

You have mastered a spell so thoroughly you can now

cast it as a spell-like ability.

Prerequisites: Quicken Spell, Silent Spell, Still Spell.

Benefit: Choose a spell you can cast. You can now cast

this spell at will as a spell-like ability once per round,

without needing to prepare it. One spell slot eight levels

higher than the innate spell is permanently used to

power it. If the innate spell has an XP component, you

pay the XP cost each time you use the spell-like ability. If

the innate spell has a focus, you must have the focus to

use the spell-like ability. If the innate spell has a costly

material component (see the spell description) you use

an item worth 50 times that cost to use as a focus for the

spell-like ability.

Since an innate spell is a spell-like ability and not an

actual spell, a cleric cannot convert it to a cure or an inflict

spell.  Divine  spellcasters  who  become  unable  to  cast

divine spells cannot use divine innate spells.

Special: You  can  choose  this  feat  more  than  once,

selecting another spell each time. You have to pay the

costs in spell slots, focuses, and material components for

each innate spell you acquire.

41

CHAPTER  2:  FEATS

Sculpt  Spell [Metamagic]

You can alter the shape of a spells area.

Prerequisite: Any other metamagic feat.

Benefit: You can modify a an area spell by changing the

areas shape. The new area must be chosen from the follow-

ing list: cylinder (10-foot radius, 30 feet high), 40-foot

cone, four 10-foot cubes, or a ball (20-foot-radius spread).

The sculpted spell works normally in all respects except

for its shape. For example, a lightning bolt spell whose

area is changed to a ball deals the same amount of damage,

but the lightning ball affects a 20-foot-radius spread.

damage can be affected by this feat. The split ray affect

any two targets that are both within the spells range and

within 30 feet of each other. Each target takes half as

much damage as normally indicated (round down). If

desired, you can have both rays attack the same target. A

split ray uses up a spell slot of the spells normal level,

modified by any other metamagic feats.

Subdual  Substitution  [Metamagic]

You can modify a spell that uses energy to deal damage

to deal subdual damage instead.

Prerequisite: Any other metamagic feat, 5 ranks in

A sculpted spell uses a spell slot one level higher than

Knowledge (arcana)

the spells actual level.

Spell  Specialization [General]

You deal more damage with ray or energy missile spells.

Prerequisites: Weapon Focus (ray or energy missile

spells), spellcaster level 4th+.

Benefit: Your  damage-dealing  spells  that  make  a

ranged  touch  attack  gain  a  +2  damage  modifier. The

damage bonus only applies if the target is within 30 feet,

because only at that range can you strike precisely

enough to hit more effectively.

Special: You can gain this feat twice: once for ray spells

and once for energy missile spells. Its effects do not stack.

Split  Ray [Metamagic]

You can affect two targets with a single ray.

Prerequisites: Any other metamagic feat.

Benefit: You can split spells that specify a single target

and make a ranged touch attack. Only spells that deal

42

Benefit:  Choose  one  type  of  energy:  acid,  cold,

electricity, fire, or sonic. You can modify a spell with the

chosen designator to inflict subdual damage instead of

energy damage. The subdual spell works normally in

all  respects  except  the  type  of  damage  dealt.  For

example, a subdual fireball spell works in the usual way,

but the subdual fireball deals subdual damage instead of

fire damage.

A subdual spell uses a spell slot of the spells normal

level, modified by any other metamagic feats.

Twin  Spell  [Metamagic]

You can cast a spell simultaneously with another spell

similar to it.

Prerequisite: Any other metamagic feat.

Benefit: Casting a spell altered by this feat causes the

spell to take effect twice on the target, as if you were

simultaneously casting the same spell two times on the

same location or target. Any variables in the spell (such

as targets, shaping an area, and so on) apply to both of

the resulting spells. The target suffers all the effects of

both spells individually and receives a saving throw for

each (if applicable).

In  some  cases,  failure  of  both  of  the  targets  saving

throws results in redundant effects, such as a twinning

charm person (see Combining Magical Effects on page

153 of the  Players Handbook), although any ally of the

target would have to succeed at two dispel attempts in

order to free the target from the charm. As with other

metamagic  feats,  twinning  a  spell  does  not  affect  its

vulnerability to counterspelling (for example, using an

untwinned form of the spell doesnt negate only half of

the twinned spell).

A twinned spell uses up a spell slot four levels higher

than the spells actual level.

Widen  Spell  [Metamagic]

You can increase the area of your spells.

Benefit: You can alter a burst, emanation, or spread

spell to increase its area. Spells that do not have an area

of one of these three sorts are not affected by this feat.

Any numeric measurements of the spells area increase

by one-half. For example, a widened fireball spell (which

normally produces a 20-foot-radius spread) now fills a

30-foot-radius spread. A widened spell uses up a spell

slot three levels higher than the spells actual level.

CHAPTER 3:

PRESTIGE

CLASSES

The  DUNGEON MASTERS Guide  contains  several  prestige

classes. Those presented here are specifically tailored to

arcane spellcasters (although they are open to anyone

who qualifies). Characters must qualify for a prestige class

before  they  can  take  any  levels  in  such  a  class. These

classes are special, optional roles that offer abilities and

powers otherwise inaccessible to PCs, and focus them in

specific, interesting directions.

ACQUIRING  A

PRESTIGE  CLASS

A character who meets the requirements of a particular

prestige class can multiclass into it. However, the DM has

final say as to whether a particular prestige class is allowed

in the campaign for PCs, for NPCs only, or not at all.

PRESTIGE  CLASS

DESCRIPTIONS

Here follows several new prestige classes. Unless noted

otherwise, follow the normal multiclassing rules when

taking levels using the prestige class format of DUNGEON

MASTERS Guide.

RESTIGE C C C C CLASSES

3-1: P

3-1: P

TTTTTABLE

3-1: PRESTIGE

3-1: P

ABLEABLE 3-1: P

LASSES

LASSES

RESTIGE

RESTIGE

ABLEABLE

LASSES

LASSES

RESTIGE

At  a  Glance

At  a  Glance

Prestige  Class

Prestige  Class

At  a  Glance

Prestige  Class

Prestige  Class

At  a  Glance

At  a  Glance

Prestige  Class

Acolyte  of  the  Skin More than one way to skin a demon

Deals  with  pseudonatural  creatures

Alienist

Rogue/mage

Arcane  trickster

Elf  fighter/mage

Bladesinger

Blood  energizes  special  abilities

Blood  magus

Enchants  candles

Candle  caster

Latent  dragon  blood

Dragon  disciple

Master  of  one  element

Elemental  savant

Fatespinner

Takes reins of fate

Mage  of  the  Arcane Guildmage

Order

Mindbender

Pale  master

Spell  Sword

True  necromancer

Wayfarer  guide

Mind-control  specialist

Unique  necromantic  spellcaster

Fighter/mage

Arcane  and  clerical  control  of  death

Teleportation  expert

CHAPTER  3:  PRESTIGE  CLASSES

Acolyte of the Skin

"No pain, no gain".

See Complete Arcane

The temptation of power drives some people to extreme

lengths, regardless of the consequences. Replacing your

own skin with that of a living demon is a goal that most

couldnt even conceive of, let alone consider. But this

ghastly fate is exactly what some spellcasters seek in their

desperate  quest.

The Ritual of Bonding is a blasphemy that was long

ago eradicated from most arcane libraries, but a few

barely  legible  copies  surviveor  at  least  references

theretoalong  with  promises  of  great  power.  Spell-

casters who happen upon such documents can choose

to destroy or ignore the find, but the temptation has

already  occurred. Those  who  give  in  can  eventually

stumble  upon  the  complete  ritual,  usually  through

extended contact with one or more summoned fiends

who are all too eager to share their terrible knowledge.

Acolytes of the skin are ill-suited to any position other

than one that wields temporal power. Although NPC

acolytes may sometimes serve more powerful evil char-

acters as sinister captains, they would rather be calling

the shots. They prefer to remain safely ensconced in well-

defended fortresses of evil, though sometimes an acolyte

may lead an expedition to retrieve a rumored tome of

evil arcane magic or other artifact of malign power.

Hit Die: d4.

Requirements

To qualify to become an acolyte of the skin, a character

must fulfill all the following criteria.

Alignment: Any nongood.

Knowledge (The Planes [Outer Planes]): 8 ranks.

Spells: Ability to cast 3rd-level arcane spells.

Special: The acolyte of the skin must have made peace-

ful contact with a summoned evil outsider.

Class Skills

The acolyte of the skins class skills (and the key ability

for each skill) are Concentration (Con), Craft (Int), Intimi-

date (Cha), Knowledge (Int), Profession (Wis), Scry (Int,

exclusive skill), and Spellcraft (Int). See Chapter 4: Skills

in the Players Handbook for skill descriptions.

Skill Points at Each Level: 2+Int modifier.

Class Features

All the following are class features of the acolyte of the

skin prestige class.

Weapon and Armor Proficiency: Acolytes of the skin

gain no additional proficiency in any weapon or armor.

Spells per Day: At every second level gained in the

acolyte of the skin class, the character gains new spells

per day as if he had also gained a level in a spellcasting

class he belonged to before adding the prestige class. He

does not, however, gain any other benefit a character of

that  class  would  have  gained  (improved  chance  of

controlling  or  rebuking  undead,  metamagic  or  item

43

CHAPTER  3:  PRESTIGE  CLASSES

creation feats, hit points beyond those he receives from the prestige class, and

so on), except for an increased effective level of spellcasting. If a character had

more than one spellcasting class before becoming an acolyte of the skin, he

must decide to which class he adds the new level for purposes of determining

spells per day.

Wear Fiend (Su): An acolyte of the skin summons the essence of a fiend

to himself and wears it like a second skin. The Ritual of Bonding is painful

and not be undertaken lightly. The ritual requires 10 rounds from initi-

ation to completion, and once begun, nothing can halt its progress.

The fiendish essence subsumes the casters own skin, an agoniz-

ing process that deals 1d4 points of damage each round of the

ritualwise candidates keep some cure potions on hand.

At the end of the rite, the acolytes skin sports an oily,

almost unnoticeable sheen. However, as he gains addi-

tional levels of the prestige class,

his skin darkens, sprouts

spikes,  and  gradually

gives the wearer a fiend-

ish  visage. The  fiendish

essence also begins to whisper

foul secrets to its wearer, urging

him to evil. (The wearer may accept

or ignore this advice according to

his temperament.)

The bonded fiendish skin

is for all intents and purposes

the characters own. It grants

the  acolyte  of  the  skin  a

+1  natural  armor  bo-

nus,  a  +2  inherent

modifier to Dexter-

ity,  60-foot  dark-

vision,  and  the

spell-like ability poi-

son  once  per  day  as

cast by a 16th-level caster.

The DM determines the

actual nature of the skin,

be it demonic, devilish,

or some other fiendish

creature.

Flame Resistant (Ex):

At 2nd level, the fiendish

skin  binds  tighter,

granting  the  acolyte

fire resistance 20.

Fiendish  Glare

(Su): At 3rd level, the

acolyte  of  the  skin

gains the supernatural

ability  to  unnerve  op-

ponents  with  a  ferocious

glare once per day. This is

not a gaze attack, and the

target need not meet the

acolytes eye. Glaring is a

standard action that affects

any  creature  he  can  see

within  100  feet.  Opponents

must succeed at a Will save (DC

44

3-2: THEHEHEHEHE A A A A ACOLCOLCOLCOLCOLYTEYTEYTEYTEYTE OFOFOFOFOF THETHETHETHETHE S S S S SKINKINKINKINKIN

3-2: T

3-2: T

TTTTTABLE

3-2: T

ABLEABLE 3-2: T

ABLEABLE

BaseBaseBaseBaseBase

Attack  Bonus

Attack  Bonus

Class Level

Class Level

Attack  Bonus

Class Level Attack  Bonus

Attack  Bonus

Class Level

Class Level

+0

1st

+1

2nd

+1

3rd

+2

4th

+2

5th

+3

6th

+3

7th

+4

8th

+4

9th

+5

10th

FortFort

FortFort

Fort

SaveSave

SaveSave

Save

+2

+3

+3

+4

+4

+5

+5

+6

+6

+7

RefRefRefRefRef

SaveSave

SaveSave

Save

+0

+0

+1

+1

+1

+2

+2

+2

+3

+3

WillWillWillWillWill

SaveSave

SaveSave

Save

+2

+3

+3

+4

+4

+5

+5

+6

+6

+7

20) or be appalled by the terrible promise of retribution

in  the  acolytes  eyes,  suffering  a  2  morale  penalty  to

attack  rolls,  damage  rolls,  and  saving  throws  for  10

minutes.  A creature with 50 or fewer hit points is also

stunned for 3d4 rounds, one with 51 to 100 hit points is

stunned  for  2d4  rounds,  and  one  with  101  to  150  hit

points is stunned for 1d4 rounds. A creature with 151

hit points or more is not stunned but still suffers the 2

morale penalty if it fails its saving throw.

Fiendish  Knowledge: The  fiendish  skin  whispers

promises of great power, and to prove it, reveals a hitherto

unknown ability. At 4th and 8th level, the acolyte chooses

a bonus feat for which he already meets the prerequisites.

Skin Adaptation (Su): By 5th level, skin and wearer

have grown more comfortable together, as if they had

never been separate. The natural armor bonus granted by

the fiendish skin increases to +2, the acolytes darkvision

improves to a 120-foot range, and he can now use poison

twice per day as cast by a 16th-level caster. In addition,

the acolyte gains an inherent +2 modifier to Constitution.

Cold Resistant (Ex): At 6th level, the fiendish skin

confers cold resistance 20.

Glare of the Pit (Su): At 7th level, the acolyte gains the

supernatural ability to produce fiery rays from his eyes.

Once per day as a standard action, he can project two rays

(one from each eye) with a range of 100 feet. He may aim

both at one target, or one each at two different targets, by

making a ranged touch attack. A ray that hits the target

deals 8d6 points of fire damage. If both rays hit the same

target, the damage is 16d6.

Summon fiend

Summon fiend

Summon fiend (Sp): At 9th level, the acolyte learns to

Summon fiend

Summon fiend

draw on another power of his fiendish skin. If the skin is

TABLE 3-3: THE ALIENIST

BaseBaseBaseBaseBase

Attack  Bonus

Attack  Bonus

Class Level

Class Level

Attack  Bonus

Class Level Attack  Bonus

Attack  Bonus

Class Level

Class Level

+0

1st

+1

2nd

+1

3rd

+2

4th

+2

5th

+3

6th

+3

7th

+4

8th

+4

9th

+5

10th

FortFort

FortFort

Fort

SaveSave

SaveSave

Save

+0

+0

+1

+1

+1

+2

+2

+2

+3

+3

RefRefRefRefRef

SaveSave

SaveSave

Save

+0

+0

+1

+1

+1

+2

+2

+2

+3

+3

WillWillWillWillWill

SaveSave

SaveSave

Save

+2

+3

+3

+4

+4

+5

+5

+6

+6

+7

CHAPTER  3:  PRESTIGE  CLASSES

Spells per Day

Spells per Day

Spells per Day

Spells per Day

Spells per Day

+1  level  of  existing  class

+1  level  of  existing  class

+1  level  of  existing  class

+1  level  of  existing  class

Special

Special

Special

Special

Special

Wear  fiend

Flame  resistant

Fiendish  glare

Fiendish  knowledge

Skin  adaptation

Cold  resistant

Glare of the Pit

Fiendish  knowledge

Summon  fiend

Symbiosis

demonic,  once  per  day  he  can  attempt  to  summon  a

vrock with a 35% chance of success; if devilish, once per

day he can attempt to summon a gelugon with a 35%

chance  of  success. The  summoned  creatures  do  the

acolytes bidding but automatically return whence they

came after 1 hour. A fiend that has just been summoned

cannot use its own summon ability for 1 hour. At the

DMs  discretion,  using  this  power  leaves  the  acolyte

beholden to the summoned fiend.

+1  level  of  existing  class

Symbiosis: At 10th level, the fiendish skin and the

acolyte are one, and only final death can separate them.

His type changes to outsider, which means (among

other things) that he is no longer affected by spells that

specifically target humanoids, such as charm person, but

he can be hedged out by a magic circle spell against his

alignment. Additionally, the acolyte gains damage reduc-

tion 20/+1.

Alienist

"Ahit all becomes clearer now. I can see... I can see!"

See Complete Arcane

Alienists deal with powers and entities from terrifyingly

remote  reaches  of  space  and  time.  For  them,  magical

power is the triumph of the mind over the rude bound-

aries  of  dimension,  distance,  and  often,  sanity.  With

knowledge and determination, they pierce the barrier at

the edge of time itself. In the Far Realm, outside of time,

Herculean minds drift, absorbed in contemplations of

madness. Unspeakable beings whisper terrifying secrets

to those who dare communication. These secrets were

not  meant  for  mortals,  but  the  alienist  plunges  into

Special

Special

Special

Special

Special

Summon  alien

Alien  blessing

Metamagic  secret

Mad  certainty

Pseudonatural  familiar

Extra  summoning

Metamagic  secret

Insane  certainty

Timeless  secret

Transcendence

Spells per Day

Spells per Day

Spells per Day

Spells per Day

Spells per Day

+1  level  of  existing  class

+1  level  of  existing  class

+1  level  of  existing  class

+1  level  of  existing  class

+1  level  of  existing  class

+1  level  of  existing  class

+1  level  of  existing  class

+1  level  of  existing  class

+1  level  of  existing  class

+1  level  of  existing  class

45

CHAPTER  3:  PRESTIGE  CLASSES

abysses of chaos and entropy that would blast a weaker

mind. An alienists mad certainty is sometimes strong

enough  to  sway  others  to  believe  in  her  own  future

transcendence.

Alienists may, on rare occasions, gather in secluded

groups to enact some obscure ritual, but more often they

are encountered singly. NPC alienists sometimes haunt

libraries or specialty bookshops in large cities, skulking

and  mumbling  among  stacks  of  rare  (and  dangerous)

volumes.

Hit Die: d4.

Requirements

To qualify to become an alienist, a character must fulfill

all the following criteria.

Knowledge (Arcana): 8 ranks.

Knowledge (The Planes): 8 ranks.

Feat: Alertness.

Spells: Ability to cast at least one Divination spell and

at least one summoning spell of 3rd level or higher.

Special: Prior contact with an alienist or a pseudonat-

ural creature.

Class Skills

The alienists class skills (and the key ability for each skill)

are  Alchemy  (Int),  Concentration  (Con),  Gather

Information (Cha), Handle Animal (Cha), Knowledge

(Int), Listen (Wis), Profession (Wis), Scry (Int, exclusive

skill), Speak Language, Spellcraft (Int), and Spot (Wis).

See Chapter 4: Skills  in  the  Players Handbook  for  skill

descriptions.

Skill Points at Each Level: 2+Int modifier.

Class Features

All the following are class features of the alienist prestige

class.

Weapon and Armor Proficiency: Alienists gain no

additional proficiency in any weapon or armor.

Spells per Day: When a new alienist level is gained,

the character gains new spells per day as if he had also

gained a level in a spellcasting class he belonged to before

adding the prestige class. She does not, however, gain

any other benefit a character of that class would have

gained  (improved  chance  of  controlling  or  rebuking

undead,  metamagic  or  item  creation  feats,  hit  points

beyond those he receives from the prestige class, and so

on), except for an increased effective level of spellcast-

ing. If a character had more than one spellcasting class

before becoming a alienist, she must decide to which

class  she  adds  each  level  of  alienist  for  purposes  of

determining spells per day.

Summon Alien

Summon Alien

Summon Alien (Sp): When an alienist casts any summon

Summon Alien

Summon Alien

monster spell, she summons a "pseudonatural" version of a

creature chosen from the appropriate list on page 258 of

the Players Handbook. For example, by casting summon

monster VI, she could summon a pseudonatural rast. This

adds the pseudonatural template to the summoned crea-

ture (see Pseudonatural Creatures below). If the selected

creature  would  normally  be  celestial  or  fiendish,  the

pseudonatural template replaces that template.

Alien Blessing: An alienist applies a +1 insight bonus

on all saving throws, but she permanently loses 2 points

of Wisdom.

Metamagic Secret: The alienist listens to the secret

voices whispering from beyond times end, and profit

thereby.  At  3rd  and  7th  level,  she  may  choose  any

metamagic feat as a bonus feat.

Mad  Certainty:  At  4th  level,  the  alienists  mad

certainty in the power of entities beyond the reach of

normal space and time lend her an unnatural fortitude.

She gains an additional 3 hit points as though from the

Toughness feat. However, constantly dwelling on such

beings  is  mentally  corrosive,  and  the  alienists  mind

begins to fracture. She develops a phobia against a spec-

ified kind of creature, suffering a 2 penalty to saving

throws, attack rolls, and Charisma-based skill and abil-

ity  checks  in  regard  to  these  creatures. The  selected

creature gains a +2 morale modifier to AC and saving

throws against the phobic alienist. The DM determine

the  creature  feared.  Good  choices  include  spiders,

snakes, birds, or insects. Beings that share attribute

with or those that resemble the selected creature also

trigger the phobia.

Pseudonatural Familiar: On reaching 5th level the

alienists  familiar,  if  any,  gains  the  pseudonatural

template (see Pseudonatural Creatures below) in addi-

tion to the powers and abilities normal for a familiar of

the appropriate level. This does not replace the famil-

iarthe original slowly takes on pseudonatural aspects,

which become fully active at this point. From this point

on,  newly  summoned  familiars  already  possess  the

pseudonatural template.

Extra Summoning: From 6th level on, the alienist

gains one extra spell slot at her highest spell level. This

slot can be used only for a summon monster spell. As the

alienist becomes able to learn higher-level spells, the

extra slot migrates up to the new highest level.

Insane  Certainty:  At  8th  level,  the  alienists  mad

certainty crystallizes into a truly chilling mania. She gain

an additional 3 hit points as though from the Toughness

feat, but her phobia likewise intensifies. All penalties

and bonuses listed under Mad Certainty for the selected

creature increase to 6/+6.

Timeless Body: At 9th level, the alienist learns the

secret of perpetual youth. She no longer suffers ability

penalties for aging and cannot be magically aged (see

Table 6-5: Aging Effects on page 93 of the Players Hand-

book).  Any  penalties  she  may  have  already  suffered,

however, remain in place. Bonuses still accrue, but the

alienist is stolen away by horrible entities when her time

is up, and she is never seen again.

Transcendence  (Su):  At  10th  level,  the  alienist,

through long association with alien entities and intensive

study of insane secrets, transcends her mortal form and

becomes  an  alien  creature.  Her  type  changes  to

"outsider, which means (among other things) that she is

no  longer  affected  by  spells  that  specifically  target

humanoids, such as charm person, but she can be hedged

out by a magic circle spell against her alignment. Addi-

46

tionally, the alienist gains damage reduction 20/+1 and

electricity resistance 20.

Upon achieving transcendence, the alienists appear-

ance undergoes a minor physical change, usually growing

a small tentacle or other strange addition or substitution,

such  as  an  extra  appendage,  organ,  eye,  or  enigmatic

lump. The alienist can hide this abnormality in a robe or

hood,  but  the  alien  growth  is  not  under  the  alienists

control and sometimes moves, twitches, opens, or other-

wise animates of its own accord.

Anyone who shares the alienists predilection for study

of the Far Realms immediately recognizes her transcen-

dent nature, and she gains a +2 circumstance modifier

on all Charisma-based skill and ability checks when inter-

acting with such beings. She gains a +2 circumstance

modifier on Intimidation checks against all other crea-

tures to whom she reveals her abnormal nature.

Pseudonatural Creatures

Pseudonatural  creatures  dwell

past the eons that lie between the

stars,  beyond  the  planes  as  we

know them, nestled in far realms

of insanity. When summoned to the

Material  Plane  they  often

take the form of, and emu-

late the abilities of famil-

iar  creatures,  though

they  are  more  grue -

some  in  appearance

than their earthly coun-

terparts.  Alternatively,

they may appear in a manner

more  consistent  with  their

origins:  A  mass  of  writhing

tentacles is a favorite, although

other terrible forms are always

possible.

Creating  a  Pseudo-

natural  Creature:

"Pseudonatural" is a tem-

plate  that  can  be  added  to

any  corporeal  creature  (re-

ferred to hereafter as the base

creature). The  creatures  type

changes to outsider. It uses all the

base  creatures  statistics  and  special  abilities  except  as

noted here.

Special Attacks: A pseudonatural creature retains all

the special attacks of the base creature and also gains the

following.

True Strike (Su): Once per day, the creature can

make a normal attack with a +20 insight modifier on a

single attack roll. The creature is not affected by the

miss chance that applies to attacks against a concealed

target.

Special Qualities: A pseudonatural creature retains

all the special qualities of the base creature and also gains

the following.

CHAPTER  3:  PRESTIGE  CLASSES

Electricity and acid resistance (see the table below).

Damage reduction (see the table below).

SR equal to double the creatures HD (maximum 25).

Hit  Dice

Hit  Dice

Hit  Dice

Hit  Dice

Hit  Dice

1-3

4-7

8-11

12+

,  Acid

,  Acid

Electricity

Electricity

Electricity,  Acid

,  Acid

,  Acid

Electricity

Electricity

Resistance

Resistance

Resistance

Resistance

Resistance

5

1 0

1 5

2 0

Damage  Reduction

Damage  Reduction

Damage  Reduction

Damage  Reduction

Damage  Reduction



5/+1

5/+2

10/+3

If  the  base  creature  already  has  one  or  more  of  these

special qualities, use the better value.

Alternate Form (Su): At

will, a pseudonatural  crea-

ture can take the form of a

grotesque, tentacled mass (or

another appropriately grue-

some form determined by

the DM), but all its abili-

ties  remain  unchanged

despite the alien appear-

ance. Changing shape is

standard  action.  Other

creatures receive a 1 morale

penalty  to  their  attack  rolls

against pseudonatural creatures

in this alternate form.

Saves: Same as the base creature.

Abilities: Same as the base crea-

ture, but Intelligence is at least 3.

Skills: Same as the base creature.

Feats: Same as the base creature.

Climate/Terrain: Any land and

underground.

Organization:  Same  as

the base creature.

Challenge Rating:

Up  to  3  HD,  as  base

creature;

4  HD  to  7  HD,  as  base

creature +1;

8+HD,  as  base  creature

+2.

Treasure: Same as the

base creature.

Alignment: Same as base creature.

Advancement: Same as the base creature.

Arcane Trickster

"Got it!"

See Dungeon Master's Guide

Arcane tricksters combine their knowledge of spells with

a taste for intrigue, larceny, or just plain mischief. They

are among the most adaptable of adventurers.

Arcane spellcasting and the sneak attack ability are

needed to qualify for this class, making it a natural choice

for multiclassed wizard/rogues or sorcerer/rogues. Assas-

47

CHAPTER  3:  PRESTIGE  CLASSES

sins occasionally opt for this class, but usually only if they

already have wizard or sorcerer levels.

Arcane  tricksters  tend  to  use  a  seat-of-the-pants

approach  to  adventuring,  loading  up  on  spells  that

improve their stealth and mobility. NPC arcane tricksters

are the sort of people who might bump into you in a

crowded tavern. (Check your pockets.)

Direction  (Wis),  Jump  (Str),  Knowledge  (Int),  Listen

(Wis), Move Silently (Dex), Open Lock (Dex), Pick Pocket

(Dex), Profession (Wis), Scry (Int, exclusive skill), Sense

Motive (Wis), Search (Int), Speak Language (Int), Spell

craft  (Int), Spot  (Wis), Swim (Str), Tumble  (Dex),  and

Use  Rope  (Dex).  See  Chapter  4:  Skills  in  the  Players

Handbook for skill descriptions.

Hit Dice: d4

Requirements

To qualify to become an arcane trickster a character must

fulfill all the following criteria.

Alignment: Any nonlawful.

Decipher Script: 7 ranks.

Disable Device: 7 ranks.

Escape Artist: 7 ranks.

Knowledge (Arcana): 4 ranks.

Spells: Ability to cast mage hand and at least one arcane

spell of 3rd level or higher.

Special: Sneak attack +2d6.

Class  Skills

The arcane tricksters class skills (and the key ability for

each  skill)  are  Alchemy  (Int),  Appraise  (Int),  Balance

(Dex), Bluff (Cha), Climb (Str), Concentration (Con), Craft

(Int), Decipher Script (Int, exclusive skill), Diplomacy

(Cha), Disable Device (Int), Disguise (Cha), Escape Artist

(Dex),  Gather  Information  (Cha),  Hide  (Dex),  Intuit

Skill Points at Each Level: 4+Int modifier.

Class Features

All the following are class features of the arcane trickster

prestige class.

Weapon and Armor Proficiency: Arcane trickster

gain no additional proficiency in any weapon or armor.

Spells per Day: When a new arcane trickster level is

gained, the character gains new spells per day as if he had

also gained a level in a spellcasting class he belonged to

before adding the prestige class. He does not, however,

gain any other benefit a character of that class would

have gained (improved chance of controlling or rebuk-

ing undead, metamagic or item creation feats, hit points

beyond those he receives from the prestige class, and so

on), except for an increased effective level of spellcast-

ing. If a character had more than one spellcasting class

before becoming an arcane trickster, he must decide to

which class he adds the new level for purposes of deter-

mining spells per day.

48

RefRefRefRefRef

SaveSave

SaveSave

Save

+2

+3

+3

+4

+4

+5

+5

+6

+6

+7

TABLE 3-4: THE ARCANE TRICKSTER

FortFort

FortFort

Fort

SaveSave

SaveSave

Save

+0

+0

+1

+1

+1

+2

+2

+2

+3

+3

BaseBaseBaseBaseBase

Attack  Bonus

Attack  Bonus

Class Level

Class Level

Attack  Bonus

Class Level Attack  Bonus

Attack  Bonus

Class Level

Class Level

+0

1st

+1

2nd

+1

3rd

+2

4th

+2

5th

+3

6th

+3

7th

+4

8th

+4

9th

+5

10th

Ranged Legerdemain (Su): Using his unique talents,

an arcane trickster can perform one of the following class

skills at a range of 30 feet: Disable Device, Open Lock, or

Pick Pocket. Working at a distance increases the normal

skill check DC by 5, and the arcane trickster cannot take

10 on the check. Any object so manipulated must weigh

5 pounds or less.

WillWillWillWillWill

SaveSave

SaveSave

Save

+2

+3

+3

+4

+4

+5

+5

+6

+6

+7

The arcane trickster can use ranged legerdemain only

a certain number of times per day as determined by his

level (see Table 3-4: The Arcane Trickster). He can make

only one ranged skill check each day, and only if he has at

least one rank in the skill being used.

Sneak Attack: This is exactly like the rogue ability of

the same name. The extra damage dealt increases by +1d6

every other level (2nd, 4th, 6th, 8th, and 10th). If the

arcane trickster gets a sneak attack modifier from another

source  (such  as  rogue  levels),  the  bonuses  to  damage

stack.

Impromptu  Sneak  Attack  (Su):  Once  a  day,  the

arcane tricksters unique combination of magical and rogue

skills allows the arcane trickster to declare one melee or

ranged attack the character makes to be a sneak attack

(the target can be no more than 30 feet distant if the

impromptu sneak attack is a ranged attack). The target of

impromptu sneak attack loses any Dexterity bonus to

Armor Class, but only against that attack. The power can

be  used  against  any  target,  but  creatures  that  are  not

subject to critical hits suffer no extra damage (though

they still lose any Dexterity bonus against the attack).

CHAPTER  3:  PRESTIGE  CLASSES

Special

Special

Special

Special

Special

Ranged  legerdemain  1/day

Sneak  attack  +3d6

Impromptu  sneak  attack  1/day

Sneak  attack  +4d6

Ranged  legerdemain  2/day

Sneak  attack  +5d6

Impromptu  sneak  attack  2/day

Sneak  attack  +6d6

Ranged  legerdemain  3/day

Sneak  attack  +7d6

Spells per Day

Spells per Day

Spells per Day

Spells per Day

Spells per Day

+1  level  of  existing  class

+1  level  of  existing  class

+1  level  of  existing  class

+1  level  of  existing  class

+1  level  of  existing  class

+1  level  of  existing  class

+1  level  of  existing  class

+1  level  of  existing  class

+1  level  of  existing  class

+1  level  of  existing  class

Bladesinger

Warfare, like music, is exquisite!

See Complete Warrior

Bladesingers are elves who have blended art, swordplay,

and arcane magic into a harmonious whole. In battle, a

bladesingers lithe movements and subtle tactics are beau-

tiful, belying their deadly martial efficiency.

Multiclassed  fighter/wizards  are  the  most  obvious

candidates for the prestige class, although any elf who

can wield a martial weapon and cast arcane spells can

become  a  bladesinger.  Bladesinger  ranger/wizards,

rogue/wizards, and even bards are not unknown.

Bladesingers  command  great  respect  in  most  elf

communities, and NPC bladesingers usually serve as

itinerant guardians and champions of the elf commu-

nity at large.

Hit Die: d8.

Requirements

To qualify to become a bladesinger, a character must

fulfill all the following criteria.

Race: Elf or half-elf

Base Attack: +5.

Concentration: 4 ranks.

Perform (Dance): 3 ranks.

Perform (Sing): 3 ranks.

Tumble: 3 ranks.

Feats: Combat Casting, Dodge, Expertise, Still Spell,

At 7th level, the arcane trickster can use this ability

Weapon Focus (longsword).

twice a day.

Spells: Ability to cast arcane spells of 1st level or higher.

Special: Proficiency with longsword.

TABLE 3-5: THE BLADESINGER

BaseBaseBaseBaseBase

Attack  Bonus

Attack  Bonus

Class Level

Class Level

Attack  Bonus

Class Level Attack  Bonus

Attack  Bonus

Class Level

Class Level

+1

1st

+2

2nd

+3

3rd

+4

4th

+5

5th

+6

6th

+7

7th

+8

8th

+9

9th

+10

10th

FortFort

FortFort

Fort

SaveSave

SaveSave

Save

+0

+0

+1

+1

+1

+2

+2

+2

+3

+3

RefRefRefRefRef

SaveSave

SaveSave

Save

+2

+3

+3

+4

+4

+5

+5

+6

+6

+7

WillWillWillWillWill

SaveSave

SaveSave

Save

+2

+3

+3

+4

+4

+5

+5

+6

+6

+7

Special

Special

Special

Special

Special

Bladesong  style

Bonus  feat

Bonus  feat

Bonus  feat

Spells per Day

Spells per Day

Spells per Day

Spells per Day

Spells per Day

2nd2nd2nd2nd2nd



0

1

2

2

3

3

3

4

4

3rd3rd3rd3rd3rd







0

1

2

2

3

3

3

1st1st1st1st1st

1

2

2

3

3

3

4

4

4

4

4th4th4th4th4th











0

1

2

2

3

49

CHAPTER  3:  PRESTIGE  CLASSES

Class  Skills

The bladesingers class skills (and the key ability for each

skill) are Balance (Dex), Concentration (Con), Jump (Str),

Knowledge (arcana) (Int), Perform (Cha), Spellcraft (Int),

and Tumble (Dex). See Chapter 4: Skills in the Players

Handbook for skill descriptions.

their lives. A blood magus cannot be trained, owing to

the unusual nature of his enlightenment, and is most

likely to be a sorcerer. NPC blood magi are thus rarely if

ever found in groups but are thinly scattered through-

out the population of spellcasters.

Hit Die: d4.

Skill Points at Each Level: 2+Int modifier.

Requirements

Class Features

All the following are class features of the bladesinger

prestige class.

Weapon and Armor Proficiency: Bladesingers gain

no proficiency in any additional weapons. They are profi-

cient with light armor but not with shields.

Bladesong Style: When wielding a longsword in one

hand (and nothing in the other), the bladesinger gains a

dodge bonus to AC equal to his Intelligence modifier.

If the bladesinger wears medium or heavy armor, he

loses all benefits of the bladesong style.

Bonus Feats: At 2nd, 6th, and 10th level, the blade-

singer gains a bonus feat. This must be a metamagic feat

or a feat chosen from the following list: Combat Reflexes,

Improved Critical (longsword), Improved Disarm, Mobil-

ity, Quick Draw, Spring Attack, and Whirlwind Attack.

Bladesinger Spell List

1st levelexpeditious retreat, mage armor, magic weapon,

shield, true strike.

2nd levelblur, bulls strength, cats grace, mirror image,

protection from arrows.

3rd leveldisplacement, greater magic weapon, haste, keen

edge.

4th leveldimension door, fire shield, improved invisibility,

stoneskin.

Blood Magus

One slow red river flows through us all.

See Complete Arcane

Fade to red, then nothing. What happened? Where are

you? No sound, no light, nothing. You cant see or hear,

or  even  feel  your  own  body. The  awful  truth  of  your

plight steals over you... youre dead!

An  eternity  passes,  then  you  feel  a  call  from

beyond this nothingness. Something beckons, and

you  are  drawn  up  out  of  the  endless  gray,  happy

to leave your final fate undecided. A swirl of color

streaks toward you, enveloping, bathing you. You

have come back! A sound breaks into your ears, the

sweetest sound you will ever hear. It is the renewed

pulse of blood through your veinsblood music: the

sound of your life. You can feel it reenergizing every

particle of your form, flushing death from you and

leaving life in its place. It is thick and warm, and you

greedily embrace it.

Blood magi are formerly deceased spellcasters who,

when returned to life, gain an understanding of their

bloods importance, bequeathed by their close call. They

learn to evoke magic from this vital fluid that sustains

To qualify to become a blood magus, a character must

fulfill all the following criteria.

Alignment: Any nonlawful.

Heal: 4 ranks.

Feat: Toughness.

Spells:  Ability  to  cast  arcane  spells  of  3rd  level  or

higher.

Special: The blood magus must have been revived

after death through anothers use of raise dead, resurrection,

or other methods of returning life to a dead body.

Class Skills

The blood maguss class skills (and the key ability for each

skill) are Alchemy (Int), Bluff (Cha), Concentration (Con),

Craft (Int), Heal (Wis), Scry (Int, exclusive skill), and

Spellcraft  (Int).  See  Chapter  4:  Skills  in  the  Players

Handbook for skill descriptions.

Skill Points at Each Level: 2+Int modifier.

Class Features

All the following are class features of the blood magus

prestige class.

Weapon and Armor Proficiency: A blood magus

gains no additional proficiencies in any weapon or

armor.

Spells per Day: At every second level gained in the

blood magus class, the character gains new spells per

day as if he had also gained a level in a spellcasting class

he belonged to before adding the prestige class. He

does not, however, gain any other benefit a character of

that  class  would  have  gained  (improved  chance  of

controlling  or  rebuking  undead,  metamagic  or  item

creation feats, hit points beyond those he receives from

the prestige class, and so on), except for an increased

effective level of spellcasting. If a character had more

than  one  spellcasting  class  before  becoming  a  blood

magus, he must decide to which class he adds the new

level for purposes of determining spells per day.

Blood Component (Su): A blood magus may substi-

tute a drop of his own blood for a spells material compo-

nents, if any. The pinprick or minor knife cut to draw

the  requisite  blood  is  a  free  action  that  becomes  a

normal  part  of  casting  the  spell. The  magus  does  not

need to make a Concentration check to complete the

spell,  despite  the  wound.  Using  this  ability  deals  the

blood magus 1 point of damage but raises the spells save

DC by 1.

Substituting blood for a costly material component

requires  drawing  a  greater  amount. The  blood  magus

deals more damage to himself when doing so, according

to the table below.

50

TABLE 3-6: THE BLOOD MAGUS

BaseBaseBaseBaseBase

Attack  Bonus

Attack  Bonus

Class Level

Class Level

Attack  Bonus

Class Level Attack  Bonus

Attack  Bonus

Class Level

Class Level

+0

1st

+1

2nd

+1

3rd

+2

4th

+2

5th

+3

6th

+3

7th

+4

8th

+4

9th

+5

10th

FortFort

FortFort

Fort

SaveSave

SaveSave

Save

+2

+3

+3

+4

+4

+5

+5

+5

+6

+7

RefRefRefRefRef

SaveSave

SaveSave

Save

+1

+0

+1

+1

+1

+2

+2

+2

+3

+3

Component  Cost  (gp)

Component  Cost  (gp)

Component  Cost  (gp)

Component  Cost  (gp)

Component  Cost  (gp)

150

51300

301750

750+

Damage  Dealt

Damage  Dealt

Damage  Dealt

Damage  Dealt

Damage  Dealt

5

1 1

1 7

2 3

WillWillWillWillWill

SaveSave

SaveSave

Save

+0

+0

+0

+1

+1

+2

+2

+2

+3

+3

Stanch (Ex): The blood magus automatically stabilizes

his wounds when his hit points drop below 0. He still

passes on if he reaches 10 hit points or below.

Scarification (Ex):  At  2nd  level,  the  blood  magus

learns to inscribe spells on his own skin for later use.

This involves deeply scratching the skin (which deals no

damage  but  often  leaves  scars). The  scratches  remain

fresh until the inscribed spell is cast, at which time the

minor wound heals normally. Effectively, the blood magus

gains the Scribe Scroll feat using an alternative

medium  (see  page  84  of  the  Player s

Handbook). All rules,

XP

and

costs,

expenses that apply

to Scribe Scroll also

apply  to  this  ability.

Likewise, reading a scar

follows  the  same  rules  as

reading  a  scroll,  but  only  the

blood magus can decipher his own

scars.

Ones  own  skin  leaves  a  limited

amount of room to easily inscribe and

CHAPTER  3:  PRESTIGE  CLASSES

Spells per Day

Spells per Day

Spells per Day

Spells per Day

Spells per Day

+1  level  of  existing  class

+1  level  of  existing  class

Special

Special

Special

Special

Special

Blood  component,  stanch

Scarification

Death  knell

Blood  draught

Infusion

Gore

Thicker  then  water

Awaken  blood

Homunculus

Bloodwalk

later read, magical scars. Thus, a blood magus can have

only six active scars at any one time.

+1  level  of  existing  class

+1  level  of  existing  class

+1  level  of  existing  class

Death Knell

Death Knell

Death Knell (Sp): At 3rd level, the blood magus gains

Death Knell

Death Knell

the spell-like ability to use death knell as the spell once

per  day.

Blood Draught (Ex): At 4th level, the blood magus

learns how to store spells of up to 3rd level in his own

blood. Effectively, he gains the Brew Potion feat using an

alternative medium (see page 80 of the Players Handbook).

All rules, XP costs, and expenses that apply to Brew Potion

also apply to this ability, with the following exceptions.

Once brewed, a blood draught remains in circulation

within  the  maguss  body. The  maximum  number  of

draughts stored at one time is equal to his levels of blood

magus plus his Constitution score, but if he is ever slain,

51

CHAPTER  3:  PRESTIGE  CLASSES

they are all immediately ruinedeven if the blood magus

is subsequently returned to life. Blood draughts are never

accidentally lost through major blood loss or by a blood-

draining attack.

To consume the draught, the blood magus pricks his

skin, automatically bringing forth the desired effect.

This is a standard action that draws an attack of opportu-

nity, like drinking a potion. Others can also partake of a

given blood draught (if they have a strong stomach)

the  blood  magus  concentrates  to  draw  the  desired

draught to the surface.

Infusion (Ex): At 5th level, the blood magus prepares

a special one-time distillation of his own blood. Partak-

ing of the infusion, he permanently gains 2 points of

Constitution.

Gore (Su): At 6th level, a blood magus can draw more

blood with any spell that successfully damages a living

target. This is a supernatural ability. The blood magus

inflicts a minor wound on himself; the pinprick or knife

cut is a free action that becomes a normal part of casting

the spell. Using this ability deals the blood magus 1 point

of damage. The spell becomes blood seeking and deals

1d6 points of damage in addition to the damage the spell

normally deals, as extra blood is drawn from the wound.

The magus does not need to make a Concentration check

to  complete  the  spell,  despite  the  wound. The  blood

magus can use the gore and blood component abilities to

enhance the same spell, suffering cumulative damage.

This causes a spell that normally takes 1 action to cast to

become a full-round action.

Thicker Than Water (Su):  At  7th  level,  the  blood

maguss  vital  fluids  are  partially  under  his  conscious

control. When the blood magus is injured, his blood

withdraws from the wound, preventing some damage.

Thus,  he  always  takes  1  less  point  of  damage  than

normally indicated. Effectively, the blood magus gains a

"hardness" of 1.

Awaken Blood (Su): At 8th level, the blood magus

gains  the  supernatural  ability  to  bestow  momentary

consciousness on an opponents blood. Once per day, he

can make a melee touch attack against a living foe. If he

hits, the opponents blood attempts to get freeall at

once. The  hydrostatic  pressure  disrupts  the  victims

tissues, dealing 10d10 points of damage. If he misses, the

blood magus can try again until he is successful against

an opponent. "Conscious" blood returns to its natural

state after 1 round.

Homunculus

Homunculus

Homunculus (Sp): At 9th level, the blood magus uses

Homunculus

Homunculus

his  own  blood  to  give  life  to  a  new  companion  crea-

turea homunculus. The homunculus created by a

blood magus has the same abilities as those on page 120

of the Monster Manual but is more robust. It has 6 Hit

Dice, its bite attack bonus improves to +5, and its Forti-

tude save increases to +2, its Reflex save to +4, and its

Will save to +3.

To build his homunculus, the blood magus does not

use the normal construction rules listed in the Monster

Manual. The only requirements are 1 hour spent in the

ritual and the permanent loss of 1 hit point, as the caster

instills more personal blood in his creation than is usual.

This  stronger  link  provides  a  special advantage: The

blood  magus  can  transfer  his  own  wounds  to  the

homunculus via touch as a supernatural ability. This is a

standard action that allows the blood magus to transfer

1d4 points of damage. No limit exists on the number of

times he can take this action, but the blood magus

should observe caution: If he transfers enough of his

own wounds to his homunculus to kill the creature, its

destruction deals him 2dl0 points of damage (as noted is

the  Monster  Manual).  Damage  transferred  to  the

homunculus can be cured or healed normally. A blood

magus may only have one homunculus created in this

fashion at a time.

Bloodwalk (Su): At 10th level, the blood magus is

perfectly  attuned  to  the  song  of  blood.  He  gains  the

supernatural ability to transport himself great distances

via the blood of living creatures. Once per day as a stan-

dard action, he can seamlessly enter any living creature

whose  size  equals  or  exceeds  his  own  and  pass  any

distance  to  another  living  creature  in  a  single  round,

regardless of the distance separating the two. The blood

magus  merely  designates  a  direction  and  distance  ("a

living  creature  20  miles  due  west  of  here"),  and  the

bloodwalk ability transports him to a destination crea-

ture as close as possible to the desired location. He cant

specify a named individual as the end point unless he

has previously obtained a sample of that creatures blood,

preserved  in  a  small  vial  that  must  be  carried  on  the

blood maguss person.

The entry and destination creatures need not be famil-

iar to the blood magus, but they must be alive and possess

blood in their veins. (Thus, plants and the more bizarre

outsiders are not eligible targets.) The blood magus may

not use himself as an entry creature. If the intended entry

creature is unwilling, he must hit with a melee touch

attack to enter. When exiting a creature, the blood magus

chooses an adjacent square in which to appear. Entering

and leaving a creature is painless, unless the blood magus

wishes  otherwise  (see  below).  In  most  cases,  though,

the destination creature finds being the end point of a

magical portal surprising and quite unsettling.

If he desires, the blood magus can attempt to make a

bloody exit from the destination creature. If the crea-

ture  fails  a  Fortitude  save  (DC  18),  the  exiting  blood

magus takes on solidity a little too soon. He bursts forth

explosively from the creatures body, dealing 16d6 points

of damage. The blood magus must succeed at a Fortitude

save  (DC  13)  or  take  2d4  points  of  damage  from  the

shock of his exit.

Except where noted above, this class feature resembles

the dryads ability to move from tree to tree (see Monster

Manual, page 79).

Candle Caster

"Let your mind attain the perfection of a single, perfect flame".

Flame holds a special attraction to some people. Simply

burning,  a  candle  is  a  work  of  arta  teardrop  of  fire

clinging to the dark wick, itself shrouded in a column of

52

wax  that  is  both  the  flames  base  and  fuel:  a  wonder

indeed. Secrets could be stored in that wax: secrets... or

spells.

Also called spell chandlers, these specialists fill their

time fashioning candles, both for esthetics and for power.

The spells stored therein are revealed as the flame ignites

and disperses the wax medium. Moreover, the wax itself

shapes and molds stored spells so that they are enhanced

by the burning flame.

Candle casters have quicker access to featlike abilities

that enhance the effects of their candle-stored spells, and

so they are often wooed by adventuring

companies  who  have  realized  the

importance of consumable magic

items in the dungeon depths.

NPC  candle  casters  sometimes

appear  in  places  where  magic  is

sold,  attempting  to  sell  their

unfettered candles (which can be

used by anyone) on an equal foot-

ing with potions. However, lighting

a  candle  is  more  difficult  than

drinking a potion and takes longer

to produce an effect, so unfettered

candles are unlikely to ever reach

the popularity that potions enjoy.

Hit Die: d4.

Requirements

To qualify to become a candle caster,

a  character  must  fulfill  all  the

following criteria.

Craft (Candlemaking): 6 ranks.

Feat: Great Fortitude.

Spells: Ability to cast spells of 3rd

level or higher.

Special: The  candle  caster  must

initially possess a supply of at least

100 tindertwigs.

Class  Skills

The candle casters class skills (and the key ability for each

skill) are Alchemy (Int), Concentration (Con), Craft (Int),

Knowledge (Int), Profession (Wis), Scry (Int, exclusive

skill), Search (Int), and Spellcraft (Int). See Chapter 4:

Skills in the Players Handbook for skill descriptions.

TABLE 3-7: THE CANDLE CASTER

BaseBaseBaseBaseBase

Attack  Bonus

Attack  Bonus

Class Level

Class Level

Attack  Bonus

Class Level Attack  Bonus

Attack  Bonus

Class Level

Class Level

+0

1st

+1

2nd

+1

3rd

+2

4th

+2

5th

+3

6th

+3

7th

+4

8th

+4

9th

+5

10th

FortFort

FortFort

Fort

SaveSave

SaveSave

Save

+0

+0

+1

+1

+1

+2

+2

+2

+3

+3

RefRefRefRefRef

SaveSave

SaveSave

Save

+0

+0

+1

+1

+1

+2

+2

+2

+3

+3

WillWillWillWillWill

SaveSave

SaveSave

Save

+2

+3

+3

+4

+4

+5

+5

+6

+6

+7

CHAPTER  3:  PRESTIGE  CLASSES

Skill Points at Each Level: 2+Int modifier.

Class Features

All the following are class features of the candle caster

prestige class.

Weapon  and  Armor  Proficiency:  A  candle  caster

gains no additional proficiency in any weapon or armor.

Spells per Day: When a new candle caster level is

gained, the character gains new spells per day as if she

had  also  gained  a  level  in  a  spellcasting  class  she

belonged to before adding the prestige class. She does

not, however, gain any other benefit a

character of that class would

have  gained  (improved

chance of controlling

or rebuking undead,

metamagic  or  item

creation  feats,  hit

points beyond those

he  receives  from

the  prestige  class,

and so on), except for

an  increased  effective

level of spellcasting. If a

character had more than

one  spellcasting  class

before  becoming  a

candle  caster,  she

must  decide

to

which class she adds

the  new  level  for

purposes  of  deter-

mining spells per day.

Scribe Candle: The

candle caster can store

spells  in  candles.  Each

candle  holds  one  spell.

Effectively, the candle caster

gains  the  Scribe  Scroll  feat

using an alternative medium

(see  page  84  of  the  Player s

Handbook). All rules, XP costs,

and expenses that apply to Scribe

Scroll also apply to this ability. A candle normally illu-

minates a 5-foot-radius and burns for 1 hour, but a scribed

candle burns as noted below. A burning candle cannot be

Special

Special

Special

Special

Special

Scribe  candle

Extend  candle

Unfettered  candle

Enlarge  candle

Dipped  candle

Empower  candle

Quick  light

Heighten  candle

Striped  candle

Maximize  candle

Spells per Day

Spells per Day

Spells per Day

Spells per Day

Spells per Day

+1  level  of  existing  class

+1  level  of  existing  class

+1  level  of  existing  class

+1  level  of  existing  class

+1  level  of  existing  class

+1  level  of  existing  class

+1  level  of  existing  class

+1  level  of  existing  class

+1  level  of  existing  class

+1  level  of  existing  class

53

CHAPTER  3:  PRESTIGE  CLASSES

extinguished unless the candle caster wills it (although

dispel magic still suppresses the effect as it would for any

other magic item).

To have any chance of activating a stored spell, the

candle  caster  must  meet  the  usual  requirements  for

successfully reading a scroll. The stored spell must be of a

type she can cast and on her class list, and she must have

the requisite ability score to cast the spell (for example,

Intelligence 15 for a wizard casting a 5th-level spell).

Even then, she must make a caster level check (DC =

scribed candles caster level +1) to cast the spell correctly.

If she fails, the spell is lost, and she must make a Wisdom

check (DC 5) to avoid a mishap (see page 203 of DUNGEON

MASTERS Guide ).

andle:

andle:

IIIIIdentify the C

dentify the C

dentify the C

andle: To activate a prepared candle, the

dentify the Candle:

andle:

dentify the C

candle caster must first identify it. This requires a Spell-

craft check against a DC of 15+ spell level. (If it is a candle

she scribed, this step is unnecessary).

Light the Candle: Lighting the candle is best done using

a  tindertwig.  Doing  so  is  a  standard  action,  which  is

subject to disruption just as casting a spell would be.

Lighting the candle by a slower method, such as flint and

tinder or even a magnifying glass, is a full-round action

under the best of circumstances, and definitely draws an

attack of opportunity.

A candle caster can "light defensively" by making a

successful Concentration check (DC 15). This preempts

an attack of opportunity, but if she fails the check she

does not light the candle. Alternatively, the candle caster

can suffer the attack of opportunity, and if hit, attempt a

Concentration check (DC 10+points of damage taken) to

light the candle anyway.

Candle Effect: A successfully lit candle automatically acti-

vates the stored spell at the beginning of the candle casters

action in the next round (which does not draw an attack of

opportunity). It works exactly like a spell prepared and cast

the normal way. However, since she lit the candle during

the previous round, the candle caster can take normal

actions on the same round the candles spell takes effect.

The flame of the burning candle mimics the triggered

spells duration. Thus, an instantaneous spell causes the

candle to flare and burn out immediately, while a candle

scribed with a spell having a longer duration burns for

that  length  of  time.  However,  if  the  flame  is  extin-

guished before the spell expires, the spells duration is

cut short.

A scribed candle may incorporate any number of the

special  enhancements  noted  below,  as  long  as  their

combined requirements do not make the spell take up a

spell slot higher than the casters normal maximum.

Extend Candle: At 2nd level, the candle caster can

extend the duration of spells stored in a candle. Effec-

tively, she gains the Extend Spell metamagic feat (see

page 82 of the Players Handbook), but only when scribing

candles. All the rules that apply to using Extend Spell

also  apply  to  extended  candles,  and  the  scribed  spell

takes  up  a  spell  slot  one  level  higher  than  the  spells

actual level.

Unfettered Candle: At 3rd level, the candle caster

learns how to store spells in candles that can be triggered

by people other than herself. Effectively, she gains the

Brew Potion feat using an alternative medium (see page

80  of  the  Players  Handbook).  All  rules,  XP  costs,  and

expenses that apply to Brew Potion also apply to this

abil-ity. Like a potion, only spells of 3rd level and lower

can  be  scribed  in  an  unfettered  candle.  Any  creature

who successfully lights the unfettered candle, following

the procedure described above, is targeted by the candles

stored spell at the beginning of the creatures next turn

in  the  round.  An  unfettered  candle  otherwise  works

exactly like a normally scribed candle.

Enlarge Candle: At 4th level, the candle caster can

double the range of spells she stores in a candle. Effec-

tively, she gains the Enlarge Spell metamagic feat (see

page 82 of the Players Handbook), but only when scribing

candles. All the rules that apply to using Enlarge Spell

also apply to enlarged candles, and the scribed spell takes

up a spell slot one level higher than the spells actual level.

Dipped Candle: At 5th level, the candle caster refines

her chandlers craft to the point where she can store two

spells in the same candle. She must scribe each spell sepa-

rately, paying full XP and gp costs for both, and must

specify the order in which the spells take effect. The first

spell is triggered normally by successfully lighting the

scribed candle; when the duration of the first spell ends,

the second power stored in the candle automatically trig-

gers. If the first spell is suppressed by dispel magic, or

the candle caster ends the effect voluntarily, the second

effect does not trigger but is not lost. The candle caster

can trigger the second effect by relighting the candle. If

the second spell requires a target, the candle caster can

target the effect when it activated as if casting the spell

normally, as long as she is within 30 feet of the lit candle.

Otherwise, the candle is the default center of effect. The

two spells maybe differentiated by color; for example, the

top half of the candle is yellow while the bottom is blue.

Empower Candle: At 6th level, the candle caster can

increase all variable, numeric effects of a spell she stores

in  a  candle.  Effectively, she  gains  the  Empower  Spell

metamagic feat (see page 82 of the Players Handbook), but

only when scribing candles. All the rules that apply to

using Empower Spell also apply to empowered candles,

and  the  scribed  spell  takes  up  a  spell  slot  two  levels

higher than the spells actual level.

Quick Light: At 7th level, the candle caster learns to

activate her candles more quickly. The act of lighting

the candle takes no less time, but the stored spell takes

effect as soon as the candle is lit (not on the candle

casters next turn).

Heighten  Candle:  Upon  reaching  8th  level,  the

candle caster can increase the effective level of a spell

stored in a candle. Effectively, she gains the Heighten

Spell metamagic feat (see page 82 of the Players Hand-

book), but only when scribing candles. All the rules that

apply to using Heighten Spell also apply to heightened

candles, and the scribed spell takes up a spell slot at the

new level.

Striped  Candle:  At  9th  level,  the  candle  caster

further refines her ability to store two spells in the

same candle. She must still scribe each spell separately,

54

CHAPTER  3:  PRESTIGE  CLASSES

paying full XP and gp costs for both. Successfully light-

ing  the  scribed  candle  triggers  both  stored  spells

simultaneously,  and  the  candle  caster  chooses  any

targets  for  both  effects. The  two  spells  may  be  differ-

entiated by color; for example, the left half of the candle

is green while the right is red.

Maximize Candle: At 10th level, the candle caster

reaches the pinnacle of her craft, gaining the ability to

maximize all variable, numeric effects of spells she stores

in a candle. Effectively, she gains the  Maximize Spell

metamagic feat (see page 83 of the Players Handbook), but

only when scribing candles. All the rules that apply to

using Maximize Spell also apply to maximized candles,

and the scribed spell takes up a spell slot three levels

higher than the spells actual level.

Dragon disciples prefer a life of exploration to a clois-

tered existence. Most are sorcerers, but bards sometimes

follow the path. Already adept at magic, many pursue

adventure, especially if it furthers their goal of finding

out more about their draconic heritage. All dragon disci-

ples are drawn to areas known to harbor dragons.

Hit Die: Special (see below).

Requirements

To qualify to become a dragon disciple, a character must

fulfill all the following criteria.

Race: Any nondragon (cannot already be a half-dragon).

Knowledge (Arcana): 8 ranks.

Languages: Draconic.

Spells: Ability to cast arcane spells without prepara-

tion.

Dragon Disciple

My heart is ancient.

See Dungeon Master's Guide

Special: The player chooses a dragon type when taking

the first level of this prestige class, subject to the DMs

approval.

A dragon disciple is different. He always suspected, but

the flying dreams confirm it. The experience is so vivid

and  real  that  other  dreams  are  as  dusty  cinders  in

comparison. Hurtling through the sky, unfettered by

the earth, the dreamer exults in his beautifully scaled

wings pulling him through the clouds. His senses are

alive as never before, allowing him to smell, hear, and see

with a terrible clarity no mere human can ever really

comprehend.  A  volatile  power  burns  in  his  lungs,  a

potency he knows he could unleash with a mere breath.

Its almost . . .  draconic.

It is known that certain powerful dragons can take

humanoid form and even have humanoid lovers. Some-

times a child is born of this union, and every child of that

child  unto  the  thousandth  generation  claims  a  bit  of

dragon blood, be it ever so small. Usually, little comes of

it,  though  mighty  sorcerers  occasionally  credit  their

powers to draconic heritage. For some, however, dragon

blood beckons irresistibly. First come the dreams. Many

dismiss them as nothing more than wish fulfillment (or

even  nightmares),  and  thats  the  end  of  it.  But  a  few

embrace the dreams, recognizing their allure as a prom-

ise. These become dragon disciples, who use their magi-

cal power as a catalyst to ignite their dragon blood, realiz-

ing its fullest potential.

Class Skills

The dragon disciples class skills (and the key ability for

each skill) are Concentration (Con), Craft (Int), Diplo-

macy  (Cha),  Escape  Artist  (Dex),  Gather  Information

(Cha), Knowledge (Int), Listen (Wis), Profession (Wis),

Scry (Int, exclusive skill), Search (Int), Speak Language

(Int),  Spellcraft  (Int),  and  Spot  (Wis).  See  Chapter  4:

Skills in the Players Handbook for skill descriptions.

Skill Points at Each Level: 2+Int modifier.

Breath

Breath

Dragon

Dragon

Breath

Dragon Breath

Breath

Dragon

Dragon

Weapon

Weapon

Variety

Variety

Weapon

Variety Weapon

Weapon

Variety

Variety

Line*  of  acid

Black

Line  of  lightning

Blue

Cone**  of  gas

Greed

Cone  of  fire

Red

Cone  of  cold

White

Line of fire

Line  of  lightning

Line  of  acid

Cone  of  fire

Cone  of  cold

Brass

Bronze

Copper

Gold

Silver



*

3rd3rd3rd3rd3rd

Level

Level

Level

Level

Level

2d4

2d8

2d6

2d10

1d6

1d6

2d6

2d4

2d10

2d8

7th7th7th7th7th

Level

Level

Level

Level

Level

4d4

4d8

4d6

4d10

2d6

2d6

4d6

4d4

4d10

4d8

SaveSave

SaveSave

Save

10th10th10th10th10th

Level DCDCDCDCDC

Level

Level

Level

Level

1 7

6d4

1 8

6d8

1 7

6d6

1 9

6d10

1 6

3d6

3d6

6d6

6d4

6d10

6d8

1 7

1 8

1 7

2 0

1 8

A  line  is  always  5  ft.  high,  5  ft.  wide,  and  60  ft.  long

A  cone  is  always  30  ft.  long.

TABLE 3-8: THE DRAGON DISCIPLE

BaseBaseBaseBaseBase

FortFort

FortFort

Fort

SaveSave

SaveSave

Attack  Bonus

Attack  Bonus

Class Level

Class Level

Attack  Bonus Save

Class Level Attack  Bonus

Attack  Bonus

Class Level

Class Level

+2

+0

1st

+3

+1

2nd

+3

+2

3rd

+4

+3

4th

+4

+3

5th

+5

+4

6th

+5

+5

7th

+6

+6

8th

+6

+6

9th

+7

+7

10th

RefRefRefRefRef

SaveSave

SaveSave

Save

+0

+0

+1

+1

+1

+2

+2

+2

+3

+3

WillWillWillWillWill

SaveSave

SaveSave

Save

+2

+3

+3

+4

+4

+5

+5

+6

+6

+7

Special

Special

Special

Special

Special

Hit  Die  increase  (d6),  +1  natural  armor

Claws  and  bite,  ability  boost  (Str  +2)

Breath  weapon  (1/3)

Hit  Die  increase  (d8),  ability  boost  (Str  +2)

Enlargement,  +2  natural  armor

Hit  Die  increase  (d10)

Breath  weapon  (2/3),  ability  boost  (Con  +2)

+3  natural  armor

Wings,  ability  boost  (Int  +2)

Dragon  apotheosis

Bonus

Bonus

Bonus

Bonus

Bonus

Spells

Spells

Spells

Spells

Spells

1

1

None

1

1

1

None

1

1

None

55

CHAPTER  3:  PRESTIGE  CLASSES

Class Features

All the following are class features of the dragon disciple

prestige class.

Weapon and Armor Proficiency: Dragon disciples

gain no additional proficiency in any weapon or armor.

Bonus Spells (Sp): Dragon disciples gain bonus spells

as they gain levels in this prestige class, as if through

having a high ability score, listed in the above table. A

bonus spell can be added to any level of spells the disciple

already has the ability to cast.

If  a  character  had  more  than  one

spellcasting class before becoming a dragon

disciple, he must decide to which class he

adds the bonus spell(s). Once a bonus spell

has been applied, it cannot be shifted.

Hit Die Increase: As a dragon disciple

gains levels in this prestige class, his dragon

nature  expresses  itself  more.  His  base  Hit

Die type increases at 1st, 4th, and 6th level.

This is not a retroactive benefit: Beginning at

the appropriate level, the dragon disciple rolls

for hit points with the increased Hit Die type.

Natural Armor: At 1st, 5th, and 8th level,

a dragon disciple becomes more draconic in

appearance. His skin develops tiny iridescent

scales, nearly invisible at first but becoming more

noticeable at higher levels. This provides increasing

natural armor bonuses to his base Armor Class, as indi-

cated in Table 3-8 (these bonuses do not stack). As his

skin thickens, the dragon disciple takes on more and

more of his progenitors physical aspect.

Claws and Bite: At 2nd level, the dragon disciple gains

claw and bite attacks if he does not already have them.

Use the values below or the disciples base claw and bite

attacks, whichever are greater.

SizeSizeSizeSizeSize

Small

Medium-size

Large

BiteBiteBiteBiteBite

Damage

Damage

Damage

Damage

Damage

1d4

1d6

1d8

ClawClawClawClawClaw

Damage

Damage

Damage

Damage

Damage

1d3

1d4

1d6

Ability Boost: As the dragon disciple gains levels in

this prestige class, his ability scores increase as noted in

Table  3-8. These  increases  stack  and  are  gained  as  if

through level advancement.

Breath Weapon (Su): At 3rd and 7th level, the dragon

disciple begins to develop his ancestors signature ability:

a breath weapon. The type depends on the dragon variety

whose heritage he enjoys. The amount of damage dealt

is one-third of full strength at 3rd level, increases to two-

thirds at 7th level, and reaches full potency at 10th level

(dragon apotheosis). Only the potential damage changes;

the area and the save DC are as the full-strength weapon

(see below). Regardless of its strength, the breath weapon

can be used only once per day. Use all rules for dragon

breath  (see  the  Dragon  entry  in  the  Monster  Manual)

except as specified here.

Enlargement: At 5th level, the dragon disci-

ples size increases one step, from Small to Medium-

56

CHAPTER  3:  PRESTIGE  CLASSES

size or from Medium-size to Large. (A character already

of  size  Large  or  larger  does  not  get  any  bigger.) The

change in size affects the dragon disciples base claw and

bite damage (see above). In addition, he gains a 1 size

modifier to his base attack bonus and Armor Class.

Wings: At 9th level, dragon disciples of size Large and

above grow wings. They can now fly at their normal speed

(average maneuverability). Smaller creatures have wings

only if they already possessed them.

Dragon Apotheosis: At 10th level, the dragon disciple

fully realizes his draconic heritage and takes on the half-

dragon template. His breath weapon reaches full strength,

and he gains an additional 4 points of Strength and 2

points of Charisma. His natural armor bonus increases to

+4, and he acquires low-light vision, darkvision (60-ft.-

range), immunity to sleep and paralysis effects, and an

additional immunity based on the dragon variety (see

page 214 of the Monster Manual for complete details).

Elemental Savant

"O to be the snowflake, the cleansing flame, the ancient stone,

the endless wind!"

See Complete Arcane

Elemental savants study the basic building blocks of exis-

tenceair, earth, fire, and waterlearning to harness

their  powers.  Eventually  they  transcend  their  mortal

forms and become elemental beings.

Most elemental savants start out as wizards, although

clerics and druids are not unknown. Sorcerers occasion-

ally take this prestige class, but since metamagic feats are

of less utility to them, they have difficulty using the

classs strengths to their fullest.

NPC elemental savants usually prefer to pursue their

studies in solitude or in the company of other elemental

savants. Sometimes groups of them gather in places where

an elements majesty and power is on display, such as the

flanks of a volcano, an island, or a high, windy mountain.

Hit Die: d4.

Requirements

To qualify to become an elemental savant, a character

must fulfill all the following criteria.

Knowledge (Arcana): 8 ranks.

Knowledge (The Planes): 8 ranks.

Feat: Energy Substitution (acid, cold, electricity, or fire).

Spells: Ability to cast at least three spells with one of the

acid, cold, electricity, or fire descriptors and at least one

summon spell. At least one of these spells must be 3rd level

or higher. Alternatively, the character must be able to cast at

least one spell of 3rd level or higher and have access to one

of the following clerical domains: Air, Earth, Fire, or Water.

Special: The elemental savant must have made prior

peaceful contact with an elemental or with an outsider

having an elemental subtype (Air, Earth, Fire, or Water).

Class Skills

The elemental savants class skills (and the key ability for

each skill) are Alchemy (Int), Concentration (Con), Craft

(Int), Handle Animal (Cha), Knowledge (Int), Profession

(Wis), Scry (Int, exclusive skill), Speak Language, and

Spellcraft (Int). See Chapter 4: Skills in the Players Hand-

book for skill descriptions.

Skill Points at Each Level: 2+Int modifier.

Class Features

All the following are class features of the elemental savant

class.

Weapon and Armor Proficiency: Elemental savants

gain no additional proficiency in any weapon or armor.

Spells per Day: When a new elemental savant level is

gained (except at 10th level), the character gains new

spells per day as if she had also gained a level in a spell-

casting class she belonged to before adding the prestige

class. She does not, however, gain any other benefit a

character  of  that  class  would  have  gained  (improved

chance of controlling or rebuking undead, metamagic or

item creation feats, hit points beyond those he receives

from the prestige class, and so on), except for an increased

effective level of spellcasting. If a character had more

than one spellcasting class before becoming an elemental

savant, she must decide to which class she adds the new

level for purposes of determining spells per day.

Elemental Transition: Beginning at 1st level, the

elemental savant begins to transcend her mortal form, on

the path toward becoming an elemental creature. On

first taking this prestige class, she chooses an element,

which must be allied with a type of energy she can substi-

tute using Energy Substitution. Each element also has

an opposing element and energy form, as shown below.

The elemental savant cannot use Energy Substitution to

TABLE 3-9: THE ELEMENTAL SAVANT

FortFort

FortFort

Fort

SaveSave

SaveSave

Save

+0

+0

+1

+1

+1

+2

+2

+2

+3

+3

BaseBaseBaseBaseBase

Attack  Bonus

Attack  Bonus

Class Level

Class Level

Attack  Bonus

Class Level Attack  Bonus

Attack  Bonus

Class Level

Class Level

+0

1st

+1

2nd

+1

3rd

+2

4th

+2

5th

+3

6th

+3

7th

+4

8th

+4

9th

+5

10th

RefRefRefRefRef

SaveSave

SaveSave

Save

+0

+0

+1

+1

+1

+2

+2

+2

+3

+3

WillWillWillWillWill

SaveSave

SaveSave

Save

+2

+3

+3

+4

+4

+5

+5

+6

+6

+7

Special

Special

Special

Special

Special

Elemental  transition,  resistance  +5

Elemental  focus  +1

Elemental  penetration  +1

Elemental  transition,  resistance  10

Elemental  focus  +2

Elemental  penetration  +2

Elemental  transition,  resistance  15

Elemental  focus  +3

Elemental  penetration  +3

Elemental  perfection,  immunity

Spells per Day

Spells per Day

Spells per Day

Spells per Day

Spells per Day

+1  level  of  existing  class

+1  level  of  existing  class

+1  level  of  existing  class

+1  level  of  existing  class

+1  level  of  existing  class

+1  level  of  existing  class

+1  level  of  existing  class

+1  level  of  existing  class

+1  level  of  existing  class



57

CHAPTER  3:  PRESTIGE  CLASSES

insert a type of energy opposed to her chosen element.

For example, an air elemental savant can substitute light-

ning for another form of energy in a spell, but she is

prohibited from substituting acid.

Element

Air

Earth

Fire

Water

Allied  Energy

Electricity

Acid

Fire

Cold

Opposing  Element

and  Energy

Acid,  Earth

Air,  Electricity

Cold,  Water

Fire

At 1st level, the elemental savant becomes immune to

magical sleep effects.

At 4th level, she gains darkvision with a range of 60

feet and immunity to paralysis.

At 7th level, she gains immunity to stunning.

Resistance (Ex):  As  the

elemental savant gains levels in

this prestige class, she becomes

more  resistant  to  the  type  of

energy allied with her chosen

element. At 1st level, she gains

resistance 5 against this energy

form. This rises to resistance 10

at 4th level, resistance 15 at 7th

level,  and  complete  immunity

when she becomes an elemental

being (at 10th level).

Elemental Focus(Ex): Begin-

ning at 2nd level, the elemental

savant learns to better manipu-

late  energy  allied  with  her

chosen element. The save DC

for any spell using that type

of energy increases +1. This

rises to +2 at 5th level and +3

at 8th level. These increases

are  cumulative  with  those

granted by the Spell Focus and

Greater Spell Focus feats.

Elemental  Penetration

(Ex): Beginning at 3rd level, the

elemental  savant  further

refines her ability to wield energy

allied with her chosen element. When she

casts a spell using that type of energy, she gains a

+1 competence modifier on caster level checks (1d20

+caster level) to beat a creatures spell resistance. At 6th

level, this modifier increases to +2, and at 9th level it

increases to +3. These increases are cumulative with those

granted  by  the  Spell  Penetration  and  Greater  Spell

Penetration feats.

Elemental Perfection: At 10th level the elemental

savant, through long association with elemental entities

and  extensive  study  of  their  secrets,  completely  tran-

scends her mortal form to become an elemental creature.

Her type changes to elemental, which means (among

other things) that she is no longer affected by spells that

specifically target humanoids, such as charm person. She

gains an elemental creatures immunity to poison, sleep,

paralysis, and stunning and is no longer subject to critical

hits or flanking.

The elemental savant gains the speed and movement

modes, special attacks, and special qualities of a medium

elemental of the appropriate type, as noted in the Monster

Manual, except that the save DC against her elemental

attack form, if any (whirlwind, burn, or vortex) is 20+her

Constitution modifier.

Upon  achieving  this  state,  the  elemental  savants

appearance undergoes a minor physical change, usually

to  the  skin  or  eyes.  An  earth  elemental  savant,  for

example, might acquire gemlike eyes and hard, pebbly

skin.  Anyone  who  shares  the

elemental savants predilection

for  study  of  her  chosen  plane

immediately  recognizes  her

transcendent nature. She gains

a +2 circumstance modifier on

all  Charisma-based  skill  and

ability checks when interacting

with  creatures  having  her

elemental type and with other

elemental  savants  who  have

chosen her element.

Elemental  perfection  is  not

without  cost. The  elemental

savant can be hedged out by a

magic  circle  spell  against  her

alignment. She also takes double

damage  from  energy  attacks

allied  with  her  opposing

element unless the attack allows

a saving throw for half damage, in

which case she takes half damage

even on a successful save.

Immunity (Ex): At 10th level,

the elemental savant is completely

comfortable with energy allied with

her  chosen  element.  She  gains

immunity to that type of energy,

in  addition  to  the  immunities

granted  by  her  elemental  form

(see Elemental Perfection below).

Fatespinner

Keep trying. I have a feeling your luck will changesoon.

See Complete Arcane

Some people are lucky. Others, less so. And a few make

their own luck.

A fatespinner (also called a mage of many fates) has

pulled back the curtain of chance, circumstance, and chaos

to glimpse a deeper truth: probability. When one event

occurs, innumerable possible ones do not, as the universe

blindly  seeks  balance.  Through  his  newfound

understanding, the fatespinner satisfies that unthinking

drivewith prejudice. He can increase the probability

of  events  in  his  favor,  at  the  expense  of  a  greater

probability of undesirable events.

58

Any arcane spellcaster who has cursed his bad luck is

a potential candidate for this prestige class. Who has not

fired off a spell, hoping fervently but impotently for a

particular outcome, or sadly noted the astounding luck

of an enemy who resists spell after spell? The fatespinner

is  all  about  applying  some  control  over  the  seeming

vagaries of chancefortune for himself, misfortune for

his foes.

NPC  fatespinners  are  often  found  in  positions  of

power and authority, as would be expected from those

able to directly affect their own destiny. Others continue

to ply the world, honing their abilities and seeking their

ultimate fortune.

Hit Die: d4.

Requirements

To qualify to become a fatespinner, a character must

fulfill all the following criteria.

Knowledge (arcana): 8 ranks.

Knowledge (any): 8 ranks.

Spells:  Ability  to  cast  arcane  spells  of  3rd  level  or

higher.

Special: The fatespinner must have avoided death (or

severe calamity) by the machinations of fate. For instance,

if he misses a ferry crossing to the nearby Isle of Sadonne

due to a strange premonition that caused him to tarry

overlong at the landing, and learns that the ferry was lost

with all aboard to a sudden storm, it can be said that fate

has spared him.

Class  Skills

The fatespinners class skills (and the key ability for each

skill) are Appraise (Int), Concentration (Con), Craft (Int),

Gather  Information  (Cha),  Intuit  Direction  (Wis),

Knowledge (Int), Profession (Wis), Scry (Int, exclusive

skill), Search (Int), and Spellcraft (Int). See Chapter 4:

Skills in the Players Handbook for skill descriptions.

Skill Points at Each Level: 2+Int modifier

Class Features

All  the  following  are  class  features  of  the  fatespinner

prestige class.

Weapon and Armor Proficiency: A fatespinner gains

no additional proficiency in any weapon or armor.

Spells per Day: At every second level gained in the

TABLE 3-10: THE FATESPINNER

BaseBaseBaseBaseBase

Attack  Bonus

Attack  Bonus

Class Level

Class Level

Attack  Bonus

Class Level Attack  Bonus

Attack  Bonus

Class Level

Class Level

1st

+0

2nd

+1

3rd

+1

4th

+2

5th

+2

6th

+3

7th

+3

8th

+4

9th

+4

10th

+5

FortFort

FortFort

Fort

SaveSave

SaveSave

Save

+0

+0

+1

+1

+1

+1

+2

+2

+3

+3

RefRefRefRefRef

SaveSave

SaveSave

Save

+0

+0

+1

+1

+1

+2

+2

+2

+3

+3

WillWillWillWillWill

SaveSave

SaveSave

Save

+2

+3

+3

+4

+4

+5

+5

+6

+6

+7

CHAPTER  3:  PRESTIGE  CLASSES

fatespinner class, as well as at 7th level, the character

gains new spells per day as if he had also gained a level in

a spellcasting class he belonged to before adding the pres-

tige class. He does not, however, gain any other benefit

a character of that class would have gained (improved

chance of controlling or rebuking undead, metamagic or

item creation feats, hit points beyond those he receives

from the prestige class, and so on), except for an increased

effective level of spellcasting. If a character had more

than one spellcasting class before becoming a fatespin-

ner, he must decide to which class he adds the new level

for purposes of determining spells per day.

Spin Fate (Ex): The mage of many fates understands

that "chance" is less random than many believe, and he

can adjust the probability of certain events. This is an

extraordinary ability.

When a fatespinner casts a spell that allows a saving

throw, he can choose to subtract 2 from the spells save

DC (making it easier for the target to resist)neither

more nor less. He stores the 2 points as a sort of spell

karma called "spin". Each time he so adjusts a spell, he

accumulates another 2 points of spin. At any one time,

the fatespinner can store a maximum spin value equal to

his caster level (the total of all spellcasting class levels,

including this prestige class). For example, a 5th-level

wizard/1st-level fatespinner can store up to 6 points of

spin at any one time.

The fatespinner can use accumulated spin to boost the

save DC of other spells he casts, adding up to 3 points of

spin to any one spell. Thus, the above 5th-level wizard/

1st-level fatespinner can increase the Will save DC of a

charm person spell he casts by up to +3. If he spends all 3

points, his spin balance drops to 3.

Sometimes more points are subtracted from save DCs

than can be accumulated as spin. In this case, the excess

is lost. If the above spellcaster were to reduce the save

DCs of two spells before using his spin again, he would

accumulate 4 points of spin. Since his maximum is 6 not

7, the extra point is lost.

Note: You cant cheat fate. A fatespinner accumulates

no spin from casting spells on targets who voluntarily fail

their  saving  throws.  Nor  can  he  accumulate  spin  by

reducing the save DC of a benign spell cast on a friend or

a meaningless inanimate object. Only where the outcome

of the spell is important to the fatespinners own fate can

he use this ability.

Special

Special

Special

Special

Special

Spin fate

Resist fate

Fickle  finger  of  fate

As fate would have it

Spin  destiny

Deny fate

Luck of the wind

As fate would have it

Seal fate

Favored  one

Spells per Day

Spells per Day

Spells per Day

Spells per Day

Spells per Day

+1  level  of  existing  class

+1  level  of  existing  class

+1  level  of  existing  class

+1  level  of  existing  class

+1  level  of  existing  class

+1  level  of  existing  class

59

CHAPTER  3:  PRESTIGE  CLASSES

Resist Fate (Ex): At 2nd level, the fatespinner devel-

ops extraordinary good luck. Once per day, may reroll

one roll that he has just made. He must take the result of

the reroll, even if its worse than the original roll. If the

fatespinner has levels of cleric with the Luck domain,

this benefit stacks with that domains granted power.

Fickle Finger of Fate (Ex): On reaching 3rd level,

the fatespinner gains the extraordinary ability to affect

the luck of others. Once per day, he may reroll one roll

that another creaturefriend or enemyhas just made.

That creature must take the reroll, even if its worse than

the original roll.

Fickle finger of fate takes place outside the normal

initiative order? but fatespinner still can't use it if he is

caught flat-footed. He must be able to see the recipient

to  use this ability.

Note: The fatespinner must decide whether to reroll

before  the  results  of  the  roll  in  question  are  applied;

otherwise he must wait for another opportunity. He is

not automatically privy to the rolls of others, especially

enemies, but it is usually easy to tell when a creature

makes a saving throw or hits a target. The fatespinner

player should notify the DM prior to a foes roil, stating

his  intention  to  use  this  ability  immediately  if  the

outcome appears undesirable.

As Fate Would  Have It:  At  4th  and  8th  level,  fate

conspires with circumstance to bring about a useful, if

rather mundane, result. The fatespinner learns a bonus

metamagic feat.

Spin Destiny (Ex): Beginning at 5th level, the fate-

spinner more clearly apprehends the matrix of reality and

can use accumulated spin to ajust other "random" events.

The method is identical to increasing a spells save DC,

but the fatespinner can now add spin to boost any skill

check,  attack  roll,  or  saving  throw.  However, he  cant

substract points from these checks to accumulate spin.

In addition, he can apply a number of points of spin up

to his caster level (which is still the maximum spin he can

store) to skill checks, attack rolls, or saving throws. For

example, a 5th-level wizard/5th-level fatespinner could

apply up to 10 points of spin to a desired check, assuming

had enough scored.

Deny Fate (Ex): At 6th level, the fatespinners control

of chance becomes stronger. He can now reroll a roll, as

with Resist Fate, twice per day. This also stacks with the

Luck domains granted power.

Luck to the Wind (Ex): On reaching 7th level, the

mage of many fates can appease chance by throwing

luck to the wind. This is an extraordinary ability. He chooses

whether or not to use this power each time he casts a spell

that allows a saving throw. The save DC for a spell so

adjusted is 1d20+ spell level+casters Charisma or Intelli-

gence modifier (whichever is greater). The fatespinner

rolls the d20 when he casts the spell. He can also enhance

the spells by adding up to 3 points of spin to the spells

save DC, or accumulate spin by deducting 2 points from

it, but not both. This cannot be further adjusted by other

abilities such as spin destiny.

Seal Fate

Seal Fate

Seal Fate (Sp): At 9th level, the fatespinner can meddle

Seal Fate

Seal Fate

in matters literally of life and death. Once per day, he can

attempt to seal the fate of one other creature as a spell-like

ability. As a standard action, the fatespinner selects a size

Large or smaller target creature he can see within 100 feet

and speaks the words, Your fate is sealed. The target

must make a successful Fortitude save (DC 20) or die.

Even if the save is successful (or if the Target is Huge or

larger), it instead takes 3d6+13 points of damage. The

fatespinner may add spin to increase the Fortitude save

DC, the amount of damage dealt, or both, as desired.

Favored One: On attaining 10th level, the fatespinner

is favored by chance, rising above the common animal

caught in the web of reality it cant see or appreciate. His

type changes to outsider, which means (among other

things) that he is no longer affected by spells that specif-

ically target humanoids, such as charm person, but he can

be hedged out by a magic circle spell against his alignment.

The Favored One can store a maximum value of spin

equal to twice his caster level.

Mage of the Arcane Order

Wait... wait... Ive just about got it.

See Complete Arcane

Also  called  a  guildmage,  this  is  a  spellcaster  who

belongs to a academy and guild known as the Arcane

Order (see Chapter 1). In casual conversation, the acad-

emy is called the Order, or sometimes that college of

wizardry. It is both a school for fledgling spellcasters

and a guild for those of advanced knowledge and power.

The Arcane Orders charter is twofold, its first tenet is

advancing  magical  knowledge  through  both  ongoing

research and archeological investigation of lost arcane

disciplines.  A  good  portion  of  research  is  centered

around  elucidaring  a  "magical  grammar"  of  the  great

power wielded in ages past, and this research has borne

wondrous fruit: metamagic feats. The second tenets is the

support and welfare of the Orders membership, initially

through  arcane  schooling  and  later  through  compan-

ionship, resources, boarding, and access to the Spellpool

(see below). Although nonwizards can benefit some-

what from what the Order has to offer, its emphasis on

wizardry deters most applicants.

NPC guildmages often join adventuring companies of

nonspellcasters who are not affiliated with the Order.

Thus, they could be encountered anywhere adventure

beckons. However, a guild member in good standing

returns when he can to the campus, pay his required

dues, and does his part in the upkeep of the Spellpool.

Hit Die: d4.

Requirements

To  qualify  to  become  a  mage  of  the  Arcane  Order,  a

character must fulfill all the following criteria.

Knowledge (Arcana): 8 ranks.

Feats: Two  metamagic  feats,  one  of  which  must  be

Cooperative Spell.

Spells: Ability to prepare and cast arcane spells of 2nd

level or higher, fee of 750 gp.

Special: Prospective members must pay an initiation

fee of 750 gp.

60

CHAPTER  3:  PRESTIGE  CLASSES

Class  Skills

The mage of the Arcane Orders class skills (and the key

ability for each skill) are Alchemy (Int), Concentration

(Con), Craft (Int), Knowledge (Int), Profession (Wis),

Scry  (Int,  exclusive  skill),  Speak  Language,  and

Spellcraft (Int). See Chapter 4: Skills in the Players

Handbook for skill descriptions.

Skill Points at Each Level: 2+Int modifier.

Class Features

All the following are class features of the mage of the

Arcane Order prestige class.

Weapon  and  Armor  Proficiency:  Arcane  Order

casters gain no additional proficiency in any weapon or

armor.

Spells per Day: When a new mage of the Arcane

Order level is gained, the character gains new spells

per day as if he had also gained a level in a spellcasting

class he belonged to before adding the prestige class.

He does not, however, gain any other benefit a

character  of  that  class  would  have  gained

(improved  chance  of  controlling  or  rebuking

undead, metamagic or item creation feats, hit

points beyond those he receives from the pres-

tige class, and so on), except for an increased

effective level of spellcasting. If a character had

more than one spellcasting class before becoming

a mage of the Arcane Order, he must decide to

which class he adds the new level for purposes

of determining spells per day.

Guild member: A guild-level mage of the

Arcane Order pays monetary dues and accepts

various duties in return for various benefits. The

dues are 30 gp per month. Duties include putting

in an appearance on campus at least once every

six months and accepting any special commissions

handed down by senior members. A guildmage

who falls into arrears on his dues by more than

three months has his membership revoked and

loses  access  to  the  Spellpool.  Reinstating

membership is difficult. However, ex-members

do not lose any spells or metamagic feats they

had gained while in good standing.

A member in good standing may board at

the Arcane Order campus between adven-

tures, paying only 5 sp per day for common-

quality meals and lodging. At his leisure,

he may browse the Orders well-respected

library, which is stocked with tomes on both

mundane and arcane lore (though no spells

are  located  here).  Likewise,  he  may  use  the

common laboratory facilities when creating a

minor or medium magic item (although material

costs remain out-of-pocket). Furthermore, he is free

to read and post notices to the job-board, a mundane

medium whereby fellow members of the Order pass

information, advertise their interest in a research topic

or adventure,  or  attempt  to  sell  an  interesting  oddity,

61

CHAPTER  3:  PRESTIGE  CLASSES

TABLE 3-11: THE MAGE OF THE ARCANE ORDER

BaseBaseBaseBaseBase

Attack  Bonus

Attack  Bonus

Class Level

Class Level

Attack  Bonus

Class Level Attack  Bonus

Attack  Bonus

Class Level

Class Level

+0

1st

+1

2nd

+1

3rd

+2

4th

+2

5th

+3

6th

+3

7th

+4

8th

+4

9th

+5

10th

FortFort

FortFort

Fort

SaveSave

SaveSave

Save

+0

+0

+1

+1

+1

+2

+2

+2

+3

+3

RefRefRefRefRef

SaveSave

SaveSave

Save

+0

+0

+1

+1

+1

+2

+2

+2

+3

+3

WillWillWillWillWill

SaveSave

SaveSave

Save

+2

+3

+3

+4

+4

+5

+5

+6

+6

+7

magical or otherwise. Last but not least, members form

professional ties with their fellow wizards, possibly leading

to lasting friendships or at least allies.

Spellpool

Spellpool

Spellpool (Sp): Beginning at first level, mages of the

Spellpool

Spellpool

Arcane Order can call spells from a common source, the

Spellpool. This is a spell-like ability. New members receive

a special focus (a small trinket chosen by the spellcaster,

such as a ring, brooch, scarf, or other portable item) at

the time of their initiation. The focus allows access to the

Spellpool and works only for its owner. If he loses his

focus, he must undergo another initiation. The range of

available  spells  increases  at  levels  4  and  7.  See  the

Spellpool section, below.

Research  Breakthrough:  At  2nd  and  9th  levels,  a

mage of the Arcane Order gains sudden insight from

studying the reconstructed texts of ancient magical gram-

mars. He gains a bonus metamagic feat.

Bonus Language: At 3rd and 6th levels, the guild-

mages access to the Orders superb library and resources

allow him to learn a new language.

New Spell: When a mage of the Arcane Order reaches

5th and 8th level, a fellow wizard allows the character to

copy a spell from his or her spellbook (chosen by the

player, subject to the DMs approval). He does not need

to make a Spellcraft check, although specialist wizards

still cannot learn spells from prohibited schools.

Regent:  A  10th-level  mage  of  the  Arcane  Order  is

awarded the status of regent. He no longer pays dues

but continues to receive all the benefits of guild member-

ship. A regent gains a +2 competence modifier on all

Charisma-based interaction checks when dealing with

lower-level members of the Order.

The regents set the Arcane Orders rules and policies,

meeting each month in the Council of Regents. A regent

must  attend  six  Council  meetings  in  one  year  or  be

removed from the Council and lose his regent status (he

loses no other benefits of guild membership). Enacting

new policies or eradicating old ones requires a three-

fifths majority vote to pass.

Generally,  the  Council  hands  out  commissions  for

lower-level mages of the Arcane Order to perform on

behalf of the guild. An individual regent may also head

up a special group of lower-level members to accomplish

a specific goal, such as investigating a crime committed

using magic, undertaking an archeological dig of an ancient

site of wizardry, or some other important task.

Special

Special

Special

Special

Special

Guild  member,  Spellpool  I

Research  breakthrough

Bonus  language

Spellpool  II

New  spell

Bonus  language

Spellpool  III

New  spell

Research  breakthrough

Regent

The Spellpool

Spells per Day

Spells per Day

Spells per Day

Spells per Day

Spells per Day

+1  level  of  existing  class

+1  level  of  existing  class

+1  level  of  existing  class

+1  level  of  existing  class

+1  level  of  existing  class

+1  level  of  existing  class

+1  level  of  existing  class

+1  level  of  existing  class

+1  level  of  existing  class

+1  level  of  existing  class

A magical reservoir of spell energy is bound into a special

matrix in a guarded vault in Mathghamhnas sublevel.

Using his guild focus, a mage of the Arcane Order can

call spells from this common resource at need.

Calling a Spell: Calling a spell from the Spellpool can

be done at any distance but requires the caster to have an

open, unused spell slot of the appropriate level. Wizards

preparing spells for the day decide at that time whether to

leave some spell slots open. The spellcaster can call only

for spells of a level that he could normally cast. He can

call a number of spells per day whose total levels are equal

to or less than half his caster level (minimum of one). For

example, a 5th-level wizard can call one 2nd-level spell or

two 1st-level spells per day, assuming he has slots avail-

able and his Spellpool Debt isnt too high (see below).

When the caster calls a spell, he takes a full-round action

to concentrate on his focus (which draws attacks of oppor-

tunity). The spell appears in the casters mind at the begin-

ning of his next turn in the round and can be used immedi-

ately. However, if he does not cast the called spell within 1

minute per caster level, it fades from his mind as though

cast. Wizards cannot learn the called spell, despite its tempo-

rary presence, though of course they could later attempt

to learn a spell of the same name through standard means.

Spell  Availability: Three  stages  of  access  to  the

Spellpool exist. A member first joining the Order gains

Spellpool I privileges, which grants access to spells of 1st

to 3rd level. Spellpool II allows 4th- to 6th-level spells,

and Spellpool III grants 7th- to 9th-level spells. No 0-level

spells are available, but the Spellpool can provide any

other spell on the wizard/sorcerer spell list in the Players

Handbook, as well as any additional spells designated by

the DM.

Spellpool Debt:

Spellpool Debt:

Spellpool Debt: Every time a spellcaster calls a spell, he

Spellpool Debt:

Spellpool Debt:

incurs a debt. He must return an energy packet to the

Spellpool:  a  spell  he  has  prepared  (or  can  cast  in  the

sorcerers case) of equal level to that called, or a number

of spells whose combined levels total the level of the

spell called. For instance, the Spellpool debt for a 5th-

level  spell  is  5  levels,  which  could  be  paid  off  with

another 5th-level spell or any combination of spells

whose  levels  total  5.  Returning  a  spell  is  a  full-round

action, like calling a spell, and depletes a prepared spell

slot, or uses up a spell slot for the day, as if the spell had

been cast.

62

CHAPTER  3:  PRESTIGE  CLASSES

The debt need not be repaid immediately. In fact, a

spellcaster can accumulate a Spellpool debt equal to three

times his caster level (including levels in this prestige

class) before facing penalties. Thus, 5th-level sorcerer/

5th-level mage of the Arcane Order could call up to 30

levels of spells from the Spellpool. However, upon incur-

ring  31  or  more  spell-levels  of  debt,  his  access  to  the

Spellpool is automatically suspended until he reduces

the debt to 30 or below.

Nothing prevents a spellcaster from paying ahead of

time, giving him a positive balance, so to speak. Like-

wise, another guild member may agree to pay off or make

a payment toward a casters Spellpool debt in return for

a service, money, or other consideration. A spell currency

of a sort has developed within the Arcane Order, where

spellcasters often pay each other with levels of Spellpool

debt (informally called charms).

Mindbender

"Youre doing splendidly. Keep up the good work!"

See Complete Arcane

Requirements

To qualify to become a mindbender, a character must

fulfill all the following criteria.

Bluff: 4 ranks.

Diplomacy: 4 ranks.

Intimidate: 4 ranks.

Sense Motive: 4 ranks.

Feat:  Leadership  (see  page  45  of DUNGEON MASTERS

Guide).

Spells:  Ability  to  cast  arcane  spells  of  3rd  level  or

higher.

Class Skills

The mindbenders class skills (and the key ability for

each  skill)  are  Animal  Empathy  (Cha),  Bluff  (Cha),

Concentration (Con), Diplomacy (Cha), Innuendo (Wis),

Intimidate (Cha), Knowledge (Int), Profession (Wis),

Scry (Int, exclusive skill), Sense Motive (Wis), and Spell-

craft (Int). See Chapter 4: Skills in the Players Handbook

for skill descriptions.

Skill Points at Each Level: 2+Int modifier.

Mindbenders seek to control the thoughts

and  dreams  of  others.  From  an

early age, those destined to walk

this  path  learn  little  tricks  of

manipulation to get their way.

Later, they turn to spellcast-

ing  to  enhance  their  al-

ready  impressive  skills

at  bluffing,  intimidat-

ing,  and  otherwise

dealing with people to

their  own  advan-tage.

the

Magic  holds

promise  of  complete

mental  domination,

and  the  mindbender

realizes it spectacularly.

Spellcasters  who

take this prestige class

give  up  advancing  in

caster  level,  but  they

instead  gain  ever-

greater ability to alter

and

eventually

command the will of

others.  Anyone  who

is  ready  to  sacrifice

magic  for  manipu-

lation  is  a  suitable

candidate.

Mindbenders  do

not get on well with

one another, as each attempts to assert his control over

the  rest.  It  is  not  unknown  for  one  mindbender  to

secretly control another - such is considered the perfect

front.  Possessing  the  power  to  control  others  minds

doesnt ensure immunity to the same treatment.

Hit Die: d4.

Class Features

All  the  following  are  class

features  of  the  mindbender

prestige class.

Weapon  and  Armor  Profi-

ciency: A mindbender gains no

additional  proficiency  in  any

weapon or armor.

Spells per Day: At 1st, 3rd, 5th, 6th, 7th, and 9th

level  gained  in  the  mindbender  class,  the

character gains new spells per day as if

he  had  also  gained  a  level  in  a

spellcasting  class  he  belonged  to

before adding the prestige class. He

does not, however, gain any other

benefit a character of that class

would have gained (impro-ved

chance of controlling or rebuk-

ing undead, metamagic or item

creation  feats,  hit  points

beyond  those  he  rece-ives

from  the  prestige  class,  and

so on), except for an increased

effective level of spellcasting.

If a character had more than

one spellcasting class before

becoming a mind-bender, he

must decide to which class he

adds the new level for purpo-

ses of determining spells per day.

Telepathy (Su): At 1st level, the mindbender unlocks

one of the most basic elements of his mental craft, gaining

the supernatural ability to communicate telepathically

with any creature within 100 feet that has a language.

Skill Boost (Ex): The mindbender is a consummate

student of manipulation, be it magical or mundane. At

1st, 5th, and 7th level, he receives a +6 competence modi-

63

CHAPTER  3:  PRESTIGE  CLASSES

TABLE 3-12: THE MINDBENDER

BaseBaseBaseBaseBase

Attack  Bonus

Attack  Bonus

Class Level

Class Level

Attack  Bonus

Class Level Attack  Bonus

Attack  Bonus

Class Level

Class Level

+0

1st

+1

2nd

+1

3rd

+2

4th

+2

5th

+3

6th

+3

7th

+4

8th

+4

9th

+5

10th

FortFort

FortFort

Fort

SaveSave

SaveSave

Save

+2

+3

+3

+4

+4

+5

+5

+6

+6

+7

RefRefRefRefRef

SaveSave

SaveSave

Save

+0

+0

+1

+1

+1

+2

+2

+2

+3

+3

WillWillWillWillWill

SaveSave

SaveSave

Save

+2

+3

+3

+4

+4

+5

+5

+6

+6

+7

Special

Special

Special

Special

Special

Telepathy,  skill  boost

Suggestion

Mindread

Beguile

Skill  boost

Friends  forever

Skill  boost

Dominate

Mass  beguile

Thrall

Spells per Day

Spells per Day

Spells per Day

Spells per Day

Spells per Day

+1  level  of  existing  class

+1  level  of  existing  class

+1  level  of  existing  class

+1  level  of  existing  class

+1  level  of  existing  class

+1  level  of  existing  class

fier  on  any  of the  following  skills:  Bluff,  Diplomacy,

Intimidate, and Sense Motive. The character can apply

the entire bonus to one skill or split it among several, as

he  desires.

Suggestion (Su): At 2nd level, the mindbender can

influence the actions of a living creature of size Large or

smaller twice per day. Also called pushing, this is a

supernatural,  mind-affecting  ability  that  suggests  a

course of activity (limited to a sentence or two). A target

within 100 feet must succeed at a Will save (DC 17) to

resist  the  suggestion. The  effect  lasts  until  the  target

accomplishes what it was asked to do or after 6 hours,

whichever occurs first. It is otherwise identical to the

suggestion spell (see page 257 of the Players Handbook).

Mindread (Su): At 3rd level, the mindbender learns to

read the surface thoughts of a living creature. Twice per

day  as  a  supernatural,  mind-affecting  ability,  he  can

choose a target within 100 feet, which must succeed at a

Will save (DC 17) to resist the effect. Reading the mind of

a creature requires concentration but draws no attack of

opportunity. Creatures of animal intelligence (Int 1 or 2)

have simple, instinctual thoughts. The ability can pene-

trate  barriers,  but  1  foot  of  stone,  1  inch  of  common

metal, a thin sheet of lead, or 3 feet of wood or dirt blocks

it. The  effect  lasts  for  up  to  10  minutes,  or  when  the

mindbender ceases concentration.

Beguile  (Su):  At  4th  level,  the  mindbender  can

beguile  any  single  living  creature  of  size  Large  or

smaller. Once per day as a supernatural, mind-affecting

ability, he can choose a target within 100 feet, which

must succeed at a Will save (DC 18) to resist the effect.

The creature gains a +5 modifier on its saving throw if it

is currently being attacked by the mindbender or his

allies. Beguiling a creature is a standard action that does

not  draw  an  attack  of  opportunity.  If  successful,  the

creature  regards  the  mindbender  as  its  trusted  friend

and  ally,  as  though  underline  effect of a  charm person

spell  (see  page  183  of  the Players  Handbook).  It  is  not

necessary to know the creatures languagethe ability

is exercised telepathically.

Friends  Forever (Su):  On  reaching  6th  level,  the

mindbender tightens his mental control over others. A

creature he has beguiled using that supernatural ability

(see above) becomes his permanent friend, unless the

mindbender does something obviously harmful to the

creature or orders it to take an action that is suicidal or

utterly against its nature (which breaks the friendship).

This is a supernatural, mind-affecting ability. A mind-

bender can have only two such friends at one time. The

effect is temporarily suppressed if the target is warded

by  protection  from  evil.  It  is  permanently  broken  by  a

successful dispel magic against caster level 14.

Dominate  (Su):  At  7th  level,  the  mindbender  can

dominate  any  single  living  creature  of  size  Large  or

smaller  once  per  day. He  chooses  a  target  within  100

feet, which must succeed at a Will save (DC 19) to resist

the effect. This is a supernatural, mind-affecting ability,

creating a compulsion effect, and takes a standard action

that does not draw an attack of opportunity. The effect

lasts for 3 days. It is otherwise identical to the dominate

person spell (see page 197 of the Players Handbook).

Mass Beguile (Su): On reaching 9th level, the mind-

bender can extend his influence to several beings. Once

per day, he can use his beguile ability (see above) against

a number of appropriate targets whose combined Hit

Dice do exceed 40. This is a supernatural, mind-affecting

ability that can be used in addition to beguiling a single

creature. If more potential targets exist than the mind-

bender can affect, he chooses them one at a time until he

exceeds the Hit Die limit.

Thrall (Su): At 10th level, the mindbenders mental

mastery reaches its pinnacle. Any creature that he has

dominated (see above) becomes his permanent thrall. A

mindbender can have only one thrall at a time. A protec-

tion from evil spell does not interrupt this influence, but it

can be permanently broken by a successful dispel magic

against caster level 18.

Pale Master

"The dead arent so bad once you get to know them"

See Libris Mortis

Necromancy is usually a poor choice for arcane spellcast-

ersthose who really want to master the deathless arts

almost always pursue divine means. However, an alterna-

tive exists for those who desire power over undead but

refuse to give up their arcane craft completely. Enter the

pale  master,  who  draws  on  a  font  of  special  lore  that

provides a macabre power all its own.

Many pale masters still end up supplementing their

arcane power with levels of divine magic. The mixture of

"pale lore" and clerical abilities to sway, create, command,

64

and destroy undead can be a potent one.

NPC pale masters head special strike groups compris-

ing lesser undead, supplemented as needed with more

powerful, summoned undead. Sometimes they serve or

act in collusion with powerful evil characters, such as

true necromancers or divine spellcasters with Death as

one of their domains. Wherever pale masters go, undead

follow. Often it is difficult to tell a pale master from the

undead that he surrounds himself with.

Hit Die: d6.

Requirements

To  qualify  to  become  a  pale  master,  a  character  must

fulfill all the following criteria.

Alignment: Any nongood.

Knowledge (Religion): 8 ranks.

Feat: Skill Focus (Knowledge [religion]).

Spells:  Ability  to  cast  arcane  spells  of  3rd  level  or

higher.

Special: The candidate must have spent three or more

days locked in a tomb with animate undead. This contact

may be peaceful or violent. A character who is slain by

the undead and later raised still meets the requirement,

although the resulting level loss may delay compliance

with other prerequisites.

Class Skills

The pale masters class skills (and the key ability for each

skill) are Alchemy (Int), Concentration (Con), Craft (Int),

Diplomacy (Cha), Hide (Dex), Knowledge (Int), Listen

(Wis), Move Silently (Dex), Profession (Wis), Scry (Int,

exclusive skill), and Spellcraft (Int). See Chapter 4: Skills

in the Players Handbook for skill descriptions.

Skill Points at Each Level: 2+Int modifier.

Class Features

All the following are class features of the pale master

prestige class.

Weapon and Armor Proficiency: Pale masters gain

no additional proficiency in any weapon or armor.

Spells per Day: At every second level gained in the pale

master class, the character gains new spells per day as if he

had also gained a level in a spellcasting class he belonged

to before adding the prestige class. He does not, however,

gain any other benefit a character of that class would have

TABLE 3-13: THE PALE MASTER

BaseBaseBaseBaseBase

Attack  Bonus

Attack  Bonus

Class Level

Class Level

Attack  Bonus

Class Level Attack  Bonus

Attack  Bonus

Class Level

Class Level

+0

1st

+1

2nd

+1

3rd

+2

4th

+2

5th

+3

6th

+3

7th

+4

8th

+4

9th

+5

10th

FortFort

FortFort

Fort

SaveSave

SaveSave

Save

+2

+3

+3

+4

+4

+5

+5

+6

+6

+7

RefRefRefRefRef

SaveSave

SaveSave

Save

+0

+0

+1

+1

+1

+2

+2

+2

+3

+3

WillWillWillWillWill

SaveSave

SaveSave

Save

+2

+3

+3

+4

+4

+5

+5

+6

+6

+7

CHAPTER  3:  PRESTIGE  CLASSES

gained  (improved  chance  of  controlling  or  rebuking

undead,  metamagic  or  item  creation  feats,  hit  points

beyond those he receives from the prestige class, and so

on), except for an increased effective level of spellcasting.

If a character had more than one spellcasting class before

becoming a pale master, he must decide to which class

he adds the new level for purposes of determining spells

per  day.

Bonemail: The pale master has an instinctive feel for

bone and can craft necromantic armor composed of inter-

locking bones. His appreciation for all things dead allow

him  to  wear  the  bonemail  like  a  second  skin-that  is,

natural armor, which does not interfere with arcane spell-

casting. Only pale masters gain any benefit to Armor

Class from wearing bonemail.

At 1st level, the bonemail grants a +2 natural armor

bonus  to  its  wearer.  At  4th  level,  the  pale  masters

mastery over this unusual medium allows him to move

more naturally within the armor, granting him a +4

natural  armor  bonus.  Finally,  at  8th  level,  the  pale

master becomes a true bone artisan, receiving a +6 natu-

ral  armor  bonus  from  his  bonemail. These  increased

bonuses are the result of greater expertise in wearing

the armor, so bonemail created by a higher-level pale

master confers only the natural armor bonus appropri-

ate to the wearers level.

Animate Dead

Animate Dead

Animate Dead (Sp): At 2nd level, the pale master begins

Animate Dead

Animate Dead

to exercise control over the undead. Once per day as a

spell-like ability, he can use animate dead without need of

a material component. Levels of this prestige class count

as caster levels for this purpose. All other level restric-

tions of animate dead still apply. For example, a 6th-level

sorcerer/2nd-level pale master can only animate up to 8

HD of undead with a single use of this ability. Likewise,

he can only control up to 16 total HD of undead created

using this ability at one time.

Darkvision (Ex): At 3rd level, the dark begins to lose

its mysteries to the pale master, who gains darkvision

with a 60-foot range. This is an extraordinary ability. If he

already has darkvision, its range increases by 60 feet.

Summon Undead (Su): On reaching 4th level, the

pale master can summon two undead creatures twice

per day as a supernatural ability. This is a standard action

that  does  not  provoke  an  attack  of  opportunity. The

undead appear at the beginning of the pale masters next

action, at a point he designates (and can see) within 60

Special

Special

Special

Special

Special

Bonemail  +2

Animate  dead

Darkvision

Summon  undead,  bonemail  +4

Deathless  vigor

Undead  graft

Tough  as  bone

Graft  upgrade,  bonemail  +6

Summon  greater  undead

Deathless  mastery

Spells per Day

Spells per Day

Spells per Day

Spells per Day

Spells per Day

+1  level  of  existing  class

+1  level  of  existing  class

+1  level  of  existing  class

+1  level  of  existing  class

+1  level  of  existing  class

65

CHAPTER  3:  PRESTIGE  CLASSES

feet,  and  they  act  immediately. The  pale  master  may

verbally direct the undead to attack, not attack, attack

particular enemies, or perform other actions. Summoned

undead remain for 1 round per caster level, after which

time  they  disappear  (sooner  if  destroyed  in  combat).

Summoned undead do not count against the pale masters

HD total for controlling undead with his animate dead

ability (see above).

The pale masters caster level determines the type of

undead he can summon, as noted below. Character

caster levels count as caster levels for this purpose. If

desired, he can summon three less powerful undead in

place of the highest-level undead available (for example,

instead of two wights, he could summon three ghouls,

shadows, or ghasts). All summoned undead have +4 turn

resistance, in addition to any turn resistance they already

possess, for the duration of their stay.

Caster  Level

Caster  Level

Caster  Level

Caster  Level

Caster  Level

5th

6th

7th

8th

9th

Undead Summoned

Undead Summoned

Undead Summoned

Undead Summoned

Undead Summoned

Ghoul

Shadow

Ghast

Wight

Wraith

Deathless Vigor: At 5th level, the pale masters body

becomes more akin to the undying flesh of those crea-

tures he associates with. The character gains +3 hit points

as though from the Toughness feat.

Undead Graft: At 6th level, the pale

master gives in to necrophagic urges too

terrible  to  verbalize.  He  cuts  off  his

arm  and  replaces  it  entirely

with an undead

prosthetic,

which

may

be completely skeletal or preserved flesh stitched in place

like that of a flesh golem. Regardless of its composition,

the limb grants a +4 inherent modifier to the characters

Strength. Additionally, the undead graft allows him to

use  up  to  two  of  the  following  touch  attacks  per  day.

These are supernatural abilities, and he can use the same

one twice in one day. A touch attack that misses does not

count against the daily limit.

Paralyzing Touch (Su): A living foe hit by the pale

masters touch attack must succeed at a Fortitude save (DC

14) or be paralyzed for 1d6+2 minutes (elves are immune).

Weakening Touch (Su): A living foe hit by the pale

masters  touch  attack  takes  1d6  points  of  temporary

Strength damage. A creature reduced to Strength 0 dies.

Degenerative Touch (Su): A living foe hit by the pale

masters touch attack receives one negative level. The

Fortitude save to remove the negative level has a DC of

14.

Destructive Touch (Su): A living foe hit by the pale

masters touch attack must succeed at a Fortitude save

(DC 14) or take 1d6 points permanent Constitution drain.

Commanding Touch (Su): If the pale master makes a

successful touch attack against an undead foe with HD

equal to or less than his caster level, it comes under his

command  for  a  number  of  rounds  equal  to  his  caster

level. When the duration expires, the undead creature

returns  to  its  former  allegiance,  if  any. The  newly

controlled undead can still be turned.

Tough As Bone (Ex): On reaching 7th level, the pale

master takes on yet more qualities of an undead being.

He  gains  immunity  to  stunning  and  is  unaffected  by

subdual damage.

Graft  Upgrade:  At  8th  level,  the  pale

master  becomes  more  skilled  in  the  use  of  his

undead graft (see above). All touch attacks using

the graft receive a +2 competence modifier on

the  attack  roll.  Additionally,  the  pale

master can use its supernatural

abilities three times per day.

66

CHAPTER  3:  PRESTIGE  CLASSES

Summon Greater Undead (Su): At 9th level, the pale

master may summon one powerful undead creature once

per day as a supernatural ability. The pale masters caster

level determines the type of creatures he can summon,

as noted below. If desired, he can summon two less power-

ful undead in place of the highest-level undead available

(for example, instead of one vampire, he could summon

two mummies or spectres).

All summoned undead have +4 turn resistance, in addi-

tion to any turn resistance they already possess, for the

duration of their stay. This ability is otherwise identical to

the summon undead ability (see above).

Caster  Level

Caster  Level

Caster  Level

Caster  Level

Caster  Level

9th

10th

11th

12th

Undead Summoned

Undead Summoned

Undead Summoned

Undead Summoned

Undead Summoned

Mummy

Spectre

Vampire*

Ghost**

Summoned vampires have a CR equal to 1 less than the pale

masters  effective  caster  level.

*****  Summoned  ghosts  have  the  following  ghostly  abilities  in

addition  to  manifestation:  malevolence,  horrific  appearance,

and  corrupting  gaze.

Deathless Mastery: On reaching 10th level, the pale

master  is  now  a  scion  of  the  deathless  arts.  His  body

becomes partly mummified, and he is no longer subject

to critical hits. Moreover, he gains access to the pale

master  touch  using  his  undead  graft  (see  below)  and

can call on the powers granted by the prosthetic four

times per day.

The pale master is now served constantly by an undead

vassal  with  total  HD  no  greater  than  his  caster  level

(including levels of this prestige class). He chooses an

undead type from those he can personally animate or

summon, and it obeys his every command. The vassal

gains  +4  turn  resistance  (which  stacks  with  any  turn

resistance it already possesses but not with the +4 turn

resistance of summoned undead). The vassals HD do not

count against the pale masters HD total for controlling

undead (see above).

ouch (Su):u):u):u):u): A living foe of size Large

ouch (S

ouch (S

aster TTTTTouch (S

aster

aster

eathless M

eathless M

DDDDDeathless M

eathless Master

ouch (S

aster

eathless M

or  smaller  hit  by  the  pale  masters  touch  attack  must

succeed at a Fortitude save (DC 17) or die. A slain crea-

ture automatically animates 1 round later as though

with the pale masters animate dead ability (see above)

and  is  under  his  control.  Undead  created  using  this

power do count against the pale masters HD total for

controlling undead.

Spellsword

"Ive got your magic sword right here"

See Complete Warrior

The dream of melding magic and weaponplay is fulfilled

in the person of the Spellsword. A student of both arcane

rituals and martial techniques, the Spellsword gradually

learns to cast spells in armor with less chance of failure.

Moreover, she can cast spells through her weapon, as

well as store spells there for later use.

Despite the name, a Spellsword can use any weapon

or even switch weapons. Spellaxe, spellspear, and

other  appellations  for  this  prestige  class  are  certainly

possible but not commonly used. The requirements for

this prestige class make it most attractive to multiclassed

wizard/fighters  or  sorcerer/fighters,  although  bard/

fighters can meet the requirements just as easily.

Feared by mages for her ability to cast in armor, and by

common  swordspeople  for  her  ability  to  use  spells,  a

Spellsword often walks the world alone.

Hit Die: d8.

Requirements

To qualify to become a Spellsword, a character must fulfill

all the following criteria.

Base Attack Bonus: +4.

Knowledge (any): 6 ranks.

Weapon  and  Armor  Proficiency:  All  simple  and

martial  weapons  and  all  armor  (heavy,  medium,  and

light).

Spells:  Ability  to  cast  arcane  spells  of  2nd  level  or

higher.

Special: Must have defeated a foe through force of

arms alone, without recourse to spellcasting or special

class abilities.

Class  Skills

The Spellswords class skills (and the key ability for each

skill) are Climb (Str), Concentration (Con), Knowledge

(Int), Jump (Str), Listen (Wis), Profession (Wis), Scry (Int,

exclusive skill), Spellcraft (Int), and Spot (Wis). See Chap-

ter 4: Skills in the Players Handbook for skill descriptions.

Skill Points at Each Level: 2+Int modifier.

Class Features

All the following are class features of the Spellsword pres-

tige class.

Spells per Day: At every second level gained in the

Spellsword class, the character gains new spells per day as

if she had also gained a level in a spellcasting class she

belonged to before adding the prestige class. She does

not, however, gain any other benefit a character of that

class would have gained (improved chance of controlling

or rebuking undead, metamagic or item creation feats, hit

points beyond those she receives from the prestige class,

and  so  on),  except  for  an  increased  effective  level  of

spellcasting. If a character had more than one spellcasting

class before becoming a Spellsword, she must decide to

which class she adds the new level for purposes of deter-

mining spells per day.

Channel Spell (Su): Once per day as a free action,

the  Spellsword  can  cast  a  spell  through  her  weapon

(melee  or  ranged)  as  she  attacks  with  it. This  is  a

supernatural ability. The channeled spell counts against

the spell-swords normal daily limit and must specify a

target. Thus, sleep is not eligible since it does not affect a

target creature.

The maximum allowable spell level increases as noted

below.

67

CHAPTER  3:  PRESTIGE  CLASSES

Channel Spell

Channel Spell

Channel Spell

Channel Spell

Channel Spell

I

II

III

Maximum Spell Level

Maximum Spell Level

Maximum Spell Level

Maximum Spell Level

Maximum Spell Level

1st

2nd

3rd

If desired, the Spellsword can cast two spells of one

level lower or three spells of two levels lower. (A 0-level

spell  is  treated  as  equivalent  to  a  1st-level  spell  for

purposes of this ability.)

A  channeled  spell  targets  the  creature  hit  by  the

Spellswords weapon, which still gets a saving throw if

the spell allows one. Even if a spell can target more than

one creature, channeling it through the weapon limits

its effect to the single opponent attacked. If the weapon

attack misses, the channeled spell is wasted.

Ignore Spell Failure (Ex): Beginning at 2nd level, the

Spellswords hard work and practice at merging spellplay

with weaponplay starts to pay off. As an extraordinary

ability, she ignores a portion of the arcane spell failure

chance associated with using armor. This reduction starts

at 10% and gradually increases to 30% as shown on Table

3-14 above. The Spellsword subtracts the listed percentage

value  from  her  total  spell  failure  chance,  if  any.  For

instance, a character with scalemail and a small shield

normally has a spell failure chance of 30%, but this drops

to only 20% for a 2nd-level Spellsword.

Spellsword Cache: At 6th level, the Spellsword learns

how to store spells of up to 3rd level in her weapon. Effec-

tively, she gains the Brew Potion feat using an alternative

medium (see page 80 of the Players Handbook). All rules,

TABLE 3-14: THE SPELLSWORD

BaseBaseBaseBaseBase

Attack  Bonus

Attack  Bonus

Class Level

Class Level

Attack  Bonus

Class Level Attack  Bonus

Attack  Bonus

Class Level

Class Level

+0

1st

+1

2nd

+2

3rd

+3

4th

+3

5th

+4

6th

+5

7th

+6

8th

+6

9th

+7

10th

FortFort

FortFort

Fort

SaveSave

SaveSave

Save

+2

+3

+3

+4

+4

+5

+5

+6

+6

+7

RefRefRefRefRef

SaveSave

SaveSave

Save

+0

+0

+1

+1

+1

+2

+2

+2

+3

+3

WillWillWillWillWill

SaveSave

SaveSave

Save

+2

+3

+3

+4

+4

+5

+5

+6

+6

+7

Special

Special

Special

Special

Special

Channel  spell  I

Ignore  spell  failure  10%

Ignore  spell  failure  15%

Channel  spell  II

Ignore  spell  failure  20%

Spellsword  cache

Ignore  spell  failure  25%

Bonus  feat

Ignore  spell  failure  30%

Channel  spell  III

Spells per Day

Spells per Day

Spells per Day

Spells per Day

Spells per Day

+1  level  of  existing  class

+1  level  of  existing  class

+1  level  of  existing  class

+1  level  of  existing  class

+1  level  of  existing  class

68

XP  costs,  and  expenses  that  apply  to  Brew

Potion  also  apply  to  this  ability,  with  the

following  exceptions.  Once  cached,  the  spell

remains intangible, resonating within the Spellswords

weapon until it is needed. To call on the desired spell,

she  holds  her  weapon  forth  as  a  standard  action  that

draws an attack of opportunity. The Spellsword absorbs

the cached spells effect through the weapons pommel.

By touching her weapon to another willing individual,

she can confer a cached spell on that target.

The Spellsword can store a number of spells in her

weapon equal to her level in this prestige class plus her

Intelligence score. Cached spells are never accidentally

lost during combat. If the weapon is ever broken, all the

spells cached therein are immediately ruined.

Bonus Feat: At 8th level, the Spellsword perfects

her art, gaining a bonus feat. This must be either a

metamagic feat or one drawn from the list of bonus

feats allowed to a fighter (see page 37 of the Players

Handbook).

True Necromancer

First, I kill you.

See Libris Mortis

Power  corrupts.  Power  over  life  and  death

corrupts  absolutely. The  power  to  raise  an

undying, unkillable servant from the husk of the

formerly living is seductively, darkly tempting

and  certainly  evil.  Those  who  seek  such

unyielding obedience from the dead willingly

tread the path of necromancy.

A  character  who  wishes  to  become  a  true

necromancer must take levels in both arcane and

divine spellcasting classes. Only then does she begin her

sinister schooling, learning how to combine the foulest

of both into a single, necromantic whole.

NPC true necromancers are usually found singly-living

in  abandoned  graveyards,  hidden  in  the  depths  of

centuries-old catacombs, or lurking in an unhallowed

mausoleum. Occasionally necromancers gather into small

societies or evil associations, but sooner or later most

such groups are stamped out. At least, so think those

concerned  with  the  triumph  of  good  over  evil  in  the

world. But they have never seen the Bleak Academy.

Hit Die: d4.

TABLE 3-15: THE TRUE NECROMANCER

BaseBaseBaseBaseBase

Attack  Bonus

Attack  Bonus

Class Level

Class Level

Attack  Bonus

Class Level Attack  Bonus

Attack  Bonus

Class Level

Class Level

+0

1st

+1

2nd

+1

3rd

+2

4th

+2

5th

+3

6th

+3

7th

+4

8th

+4

9th

+5

10th

FortFort

FortFort

Fort

SaveSave

SaveSave

Save

+0

+0

+1

+1

+1

+2

+2

+2

+3

+3

RefRefRefRefRef

SaveSave

SaveSave

Save

+0

+0

+1

+1

+1

+2

+2

+2

+3

+3

WillWillWillWillWill

SaveSave

SaveSave

Save

+2

+3

+3

+4

+4

+5

+5

+6

+6

+7

CHAPTER  3:  PRESTIGE  CLASSES

Requirements

To  qualify  to  become  a  true  necromancer, a character

must fulfill all the following criteria.

Alignment: Any nongood.

Knowledge (arcana): 8 ranks.

Knowledge (religion): 8 ranks.

Spells: Ability to cast divine spells, one of which must

be animate dead, and arcane spells, which must include

spectral hand and vampiric touch.

Special: Must have access to the Death domain.

Special

Special

Special

Special

Special

Rebuke,  necromancer

Zone  of  desecration

Create  undead

Major  desecration

Create  greater  undead

Energy  drain

Spells per Day

Spells per Day

Spells per Day

Spells per Day

Spells per Day

+1  level  of  existing  class

+1  level  of  existing  class

+1  level  of  existing  class

+1  level  of  existing  class

+1  level  of  existing  class

+1  level  of  existing  class

+1  level  of  existing  class

+1  level  of  existing  class

+1  level  of  existing  class

+1  level  of  existing  class

69

CHAPTER  3:  PRESTIGE  CLASSES

Class  Skills

The true necromancers class skills (and the key ability for

each skill) are Alchemy (Int), Concentration (Con), Craft

(Int), Knowledge (Int), Profession (Wis), Scry (Int, exclu-

sive skill), Search (Int), and Spellcraft (Int). See Chapter 4:

Skills in the Players Handbook for skill descriptions.

Skill Points at Each Level: 2+Int modifier

Class Features

All  the  following are  class  features  of  the  true  necro-

mancer prestige class.

Weapon and Armor Proficiency: A true necromancer

gains no additional proficiency in any weapon or armor.

Spells per Day: When a new true necromancer level

is gained, the character gains new spells per day as if she

had also gained a level in a spellcasting class she belonged

to before adding the prestige class. She does not, however,

gain all the benefits a character of that class would have

gained  (metamagic  or  item  creation  feats,  hit  points

beyond those he receives from the prestige class, and so

on). She does still gain effective levels for purposes of

rebuking undead (see Rebuke below) and casting certain

spells (see Necromancer below). If a character had more

than one spellcasting class before becoming a true necro-

mancer,  she  must  decide  to  which  class  she  adds  the

new level for purposes of determining spells per day.

Rebuke (Su): The true necromancer has great influ-

ence over the living dead. Whenever she gains a level in

this prestige class, she also gains an effective level for

purposes of rebuking undead. For instance, if a 5th-level

cleric/5th-level  wizard  takes  2  levels  of  true  necro-

mancer, she rebukes undead as a 7th-level cleric.

Necromancer: The true necromancer has unsurpassed

power over death. When she casts necromantic spells

(from the school of Necromancy or the domain of Death),

all her spellcaster levels stack for purposes of determin-

ing their effect. She does not gain access to higher-level

spells any faster than normal, but the specified spells

behave as though cast by someone of that higher level.

For example, a 5th-level cleric/5th-level wizard/2nd-

level true necromancer has added her two effective level

increases  to  her  wizard  class.  If  she  casts  an  arcane,

nonnecromancy spell, her caster level is 7th, while for a

divine, nondeath spell, it is 5th. However, if she casts a

spell from the Necromancy school or Death domain, her

effective caster level is 12th (equal to her character level).

Zone  of  Desecration (Su):  At  2nd  level,  the  true

necromancer begins to exert her authority over undead.

As a supernatural ability, she is continuously surrounded

by a 20-foot-radius area of negative energy. The effect is

otherwise identical to the desecrate spell (see page 192 of

the Players Handbook).

TABLE 3-16: THE WAYFARER GUIDE

FortFort

FortFort

Fort

SaveSave

SaveSave

Save

+0

+0

+1

BaseBaseBaseBaseBase

Class Level

Class Level

Attack  Bonus

Attack  Bonus

Class Level Attack  Bonus

Attack  Bonus

Class Level

Class Level

Attack  Bonus

+0

1st

+1

2nd

+1

3rd

RefRefRefRefRef

SaveSave

SaveSave

Save

+0

+0

+1

WillWillWillWillWill

SaveSave

SaveSave

Save

+2

+3

+3

Create Undead (Sp): On attaining 4th level, the true

necromancer can create undead as a spell-like ability, once

per day (see page 189 of the Players Handbook). She must

still supply the requisite material components. This abil-

ity is considered a necromantic spell (see Necromancer

above), so the characters effective caster level is the total

of all her spellcaster class levels.

Major Desecration (Su): At 5th level, the true necro-

mancer extends her authority over undead. The super-

natural  area  of  negative  energy  surrounding  her  (see

Zone of Desecration above) now extends to a radius of

10 feet per spellcaster class level.

Create Greater Undead (Sp): On reaching 7th level, the

true necromancer can create greater undead once per day

as a spell-like ability (see page 189 of the Players Handbook).

She must still supply the requisite material component.

This ability is considered a necromantic spell (see Necro-

mancer above), so the characters effective caster level is

the total of all her spellcaster class levels.

Energy Drain (Sp): At 10th level, the true necromancer

acquires one of the most dreaded powers of the undead.

Once per day, she can use energy drain as a spell-like abil-

ity (see page 199 of the Players Handbook). This ability is

considered a necromantic spell (see Necromancer above),

so the characters effective caster level is the total of all

her spellcaster class levels.

Wayfarer Guide

"Where to?"

See Complete Arcane

The wayfarer guide focuses on honing her skills at instan-

taneous magical transportation. Unlike spellcasters of

other prestigious associations, a wayfarer guide need not

devote years of her life to the art of teleportation nor

focus her attention overmuch on the pursuit of perfec-

tion. Still, she learns secrets of the trade that are only

available through employment with the Wayfarers Union

(see Chapter 3: Prestige Classes).

The Union is, at its heart, a transportation service that

specialty spellcasters provide for those willing to pay.

Wayfarers  Union  offices  are  generally  found  in  large

cities, staffed by wayfarer guides who offer a variety of

standard services. Particularly qualified wayfarer guides,

called danger wayfarers, are sometimes available to tele-

port bold clients into dangerous locales, though the price

is commensurately higher.

Hit Die: d4.

Requirements

To qualify to become a wayfarer guide, a character must

fulfill all the following criteria.

Knowledge (arcana): 10 ranks.

Special

Special

Special

Special

Special

Enhanced  capacity

Extra  teleportation

Enhanced  accuracy

Spells per Day

Spells per Day

Spells per Day

Spells per Day

Spells per Day

+1  level  of  existing  class

+1  level  of  existing  class

70

CHAPTER  4:  TOOLS  OF  THE  TRADE

Knowledge (geography): 10 ranks.

Feats:  Sanctum  Spell,  Skill  Focus  (Knowledge

[geography]).

Spells: Ability to cast teleport.

Special: A prospective wayfarer guide must join the

Wayfarers Union (although she can later quit without

losing previously acquired levels).

Class Skills

The wayfarer guides class skills (and the key ability for

each skill) are Alchemy (Int), Concentration (Con), Craft

(Int),  Knowledge  (Int),  Profession  (Wis),  Scry  (Int,

exclusive skill), Speak Language, and Spellcraft (Int).

See  Chapter 4: Skills  in  the  Players Handbook  for  skill

descriptions.

Skill Points at Each Level: 2+Int modifier.

Class Features

All the following are class features of the wayfarer guide

prestige class.

Weapon and Armor Proficiency: Wayfarer guides

gain no additional proficiency in any weapon or armor.

Spells per Day: When a wayfarer guide reaches 1st and

3rd level, she gains new spells per day as if she had also

gained a level in a spellcasting class she belonged to before

adding the prestige class. She does not, however, gain all

the benefits a character of that class would have gained

(metamagic or item creation feats, hit points beyond those

she  receives  from  the  prestige  class,  and  so  on).  She

does still gain effective spellcaster levels. If a character

had more than one spellcasting class before becoming a

wayfarer guide, she must decide to which class she adds

the new level for purposes of determining spells per day.

Enhanced Capacity (Ex): A wayfarer guide can trans-

port material more efficiently. When casting any spell

with the teleportation descriptor, the wayfarer guides

maximum weight capacity is 100 pounds per caster level

(normally 50).

Extra Teleportation: At 2nd level, the wayfarer guide

gains an extra 5th-level spell slot, which can be used

only for a teleport spell. This extra spell slot is gained as if

through having a high ability score.

Enhanced Accuracy (Ex): On reaching 3rd level, the

wayfarer guide becomes more skilled at arriving on target.

When  casting  any  spell  with  the  teleportation

descriptor, roll d% and consult the Wayfarers Teleport

table below (instead of the Teleport table on page 264 of

the Players Handbook).

WAYFARERS TELEPORT

Familiarity

Familiarity

Familiarity

Familiarity

Familiarity

Very  familiar

Studied  carefully

Seen  casually

Viewed  once

Description

False  destination*

Roll  1d20+80  to  determine  the  result.

O nO nO nO nO n

Target

01-100

01-99

01-94

01-88

01-76



Off

Target



100

95-97

89-94

77-88



Similar

Area Mishap





98-99

95-98

89-96

81-92





100

99-100

97-100

93-100

CHAPTER 4:

TOOLS OF THE

TRADE

Arcane spellcasters live and die by their magic, but even

the most accomplished wizard or sorcerer needs a little

help now and then.

MUNDANE ITEMS

These items have proven popular with many arcane spell-

casters. Prices for the items described here are shown

on Table 4-1: Mundane Items.

Arcane Lab: This is similar to an alchemists lab. It

includes beakers, bottles, mixing and measuring equip-

ment, cutting tools, and miscellaneous chemicals and

substances.  Its  only  absolutely  necessary  for  creating

golems, but many sorcerers and wizards have one for

potion making and spell research. The lab grants a +2

modifier on Spellcraft checks to determine if a new spell

is viable (see Researching New Spells in Chapter 5: Spells).

Arcane Library: This is a collection of at least 200 rare

volumes used in spell research. Due to its size and cost,

most wizards depend on various professional organiza-

tions (see Chapter 1: Arcane Lore) to provide access to a

suitable library. Booksellers in large cities and metropo-

lises  sometimes  have  sufficient  numbers  of  the  right

books, but even then, whole libraries are seldom accu-

mulated at once. It can take a week or more to purchase

all the necessary volumes, depending on supply and avail-

able transportation.

Familiar Carrier: This is a sturdy hutch or box for

safely transporting a familiar. The carrier is made of metal

lined with wood and padding to cushion the familiar

from impacts. It is equipped with a door that the familiar

can open from inside or outside, as well as an internal

latch so the familiar can lock itself in. The carrier also has

viewports that the familiar can shutter: It offers nine-

tenths cover when unshuttered and total cover when

shuttered. The  carrier  has  hardness  10,  15  hit  points,

and a break DC of 23.

Portable Writing Desk: This compact wooden box

folds out into a firm writing surface. It has folding legs

that let you set it across your lap or prop it up on the

ground. It also contains drawers for quills, ink, and other

writing supplies.

Reading Lamp: Similar to a bullseye lantern, this lamp

comes with an adjustable stand so you can shine the light

on the document youre reading.

Scroll Organizer: This long strip of leather has an

overlapping  series  of  fifteen  pockets  sewn  along  one

side, each large enough to hold a scroll of a single spell.

When slipped into a pocket, only the top of a scroll shows,

allowing you to scan all the titles. The outside is fitted

with a clip and a sewn-in pouch so that the organizer can

be rolled up into a cylinder, slipped in its own pouch,

and sealed against the elements.

71

CHAPTER  4:  TOOLS  OF  THE  TRADE

Secret Component Compartment/Pocket: This is

a secret compartment or hidden pocket large enough to

hold the components for one spell. A pocket is added to

a  garment,  while  a  compartment  is  built  into  a  tool,

weapon, or other item. The compartment or pocket must

be added when the item is first made. Finding a secret

pocket or compartment (if you dont already know where

it is) requires a successful Search check (DC 20).

TABLE 4-1: MUNDANE ITEMS

ItemItemItemItemItem

Arcane  lab

Arcane  library

Familiar  carrier

Fine familiar

Diminutive familiar

Tiny familiar

Small familiar

Medium-size  familiar

Portable  writing  desk

Reading  lamp

Scroll  organizer

Secret  component

compartment

Secret  component

pocket

See  item  description

CostCostCostCostCost

500  gp

10,  000  gp

Weight

Weight

Weight

Weight

Weight

40  lb.*

600  lb.+*

8  gp

15  gp

30  gp

60  gp

120  gp

30  gp

15  gp

5  gp

15  gp

8  lb.

18  lb.

40  Ib.

90  lb.

200  Ib.

8  lb.

3  Ib.

  lb.



5  gp



 Previously appeared in the FORGOTTEN REALMS Campaign Setting.

SPECIAL ITEMS

Prices for the items described here are shown on Table

4-2: Special Items.

TABLE 4-2: SPECIAL ITEMS.

ItemItemItemItemItem

Disappearing  ink  *

Flashpellet

Glowpowder

Healing  salve

Phantom  ink

Firelight

Magical light

Moonlight

Starlight

Scentbreaker*

Suregrip

CostCostCostCostCost

5  gp

50  gp

50  gp

50  gp

10  gp

10  gp

10  gp

10  gp

5  gp

20  gp

Weight

Weight

Weight

Weight

Weight





















Previously appeared in the FORGOTTEN REALMSCampaign Setting.

Disappearing  Ink:  After  being  used  to  write  a

message, this blue or red ink vanishes from view at the

end of an hour (though ink can be made that disappears

after a longer periods, such as a day, 10 days, or a month).

Heat  (such  as  a  candle  flame)  applied  to  the  writing

surface makes the ink appear again. A successful Spot or

Search check (DC 20) reveals traces of the faded writing.

The Alchemy check DC to make disappearing ink is 15.

Flashpellet: You can throw this small alchemical bead

as  a  grenade  like  weapon  (see  Grenadelike  Weapon

Attacks on page 138 of the Players Handbook). When it

strikes a hard surface or is struck sharply, it ignites with

a bright flash. Creatures within a 10-foot radius must

succeed at Reflex saves (DC 15) or be dazzled. A dazzled

creature suffers a 1 penalty on attack rolls. The creature

recovers in 1 minute. Sightless creatures are not affected

by the flash.

The Alchemy check DC to make a flashpellet is 25.

Glowpowder: This luminescent dust clings to surfaces

and creatures, making them glow. The grains of powder

glow about as brightly as sparks from a campfire. They

dont provide illumination, but they are noticeable. When

sprinkled on an object or surface, the powder helps reveal

edges and details, granting a +2 circumstance modifier on

Search checks made on the treated area. A creature sprin-

kled with the powder is likewise easier to detect: Spot

checks to see the creature gain a +2 circumstance modi-

fier. An invisible creature sprinkled with the dust has

only 50% concealment (20% miss chance). Once applied,

the dust clings and glows for 1 minute. A creature sprin-

kled with the powder can wash it off by taking a full-

round action.

The powder usually comes in a tube that allows the

contents to be blown or shaken out. Blowing out the

powder is a standard action that draws an attack of oppor-

tunity and creates a 10-foot cone. If carefully sprinkled,

the powder can cover 125 square feet (five 5-foot squares).

It takes a full-round action to shake out enough powder

to cover one 5-foot square.

The Alchemy check DC to make glowpowder is 20.

Healing Salve: Rubbing this stinky green paste into

wounds promotes rapid healing. Applying the salve is a

full-round action. One dose cures 1d8 points of damage

to a living creature.

The Alchemy check DC to make healing salve is 25. If

you have 5 or more ranks in Profession (herbalist), you

get a +2 synergy modifier on checks to craft it.

Phantom Ink: Similar to disappearing ink, messages

written with this ink vanish from view at the end of an

hour  and  thereafter  can  be  read  only  under  the  right

kind of light. The usual types specify one of the follow-

ing: firelight (which includes candles, torches, and other

flames), magical light (which includes the dancing lights,

light, and continual flame spells), moonlight, and starlight

(this last usually isnt discernable unless the reader has

darkvision).

The Alchemy check DC to make phantom ink is 20.

Scentbreaker: This small bag contains either a collec-

tion of aromatic herbs or a strongly scented alchemical

mixture. Either version can confound any creatures sense

of smell. You can toss the bag as a grenade like weapon

with a range increment of 10 feet, or you can scatter the

contents someplace where a creature tracking by scent

comes across it. (It covers an area 5 feet square). Once

scattered, the contents remain potent for 1 hour.

A creature can sniff the bags contents from a direct

hit, from a splash, or from sniffing the area where the

contents were scattered.  If  struck  by  a  direct  hit,  the

creature  must  succeed  at  a  Fortitude  save  (DC  18)  or

72

CHAPTER  4:  TOOLS  OF  THE  TRADE

lose its scent ability for 1 minute. After the minute is up,

the creature must make a second Fortitude save (DC 18)

or lose its scent ability for another hour. Being splashed

or sniffing the scattered contents has the same effect,

but the save DC is 15. A direct hit or splash affects only

one creature of Small or larger size. The contents affect

all creatures  of Tiny  or  smaller  size  in  the  5-foot area

where a bag of scentbreaker strikes.

The Alchemy check DC to make scentbreaker is 15. If

you have 5 or more ranks in Profession (herbalist), you

get a +2 synergy modifier on checks to craft it.

Suregrip: This gluey substance improves your grip,

granting a 2 circumstance modifier on any check that

deals  with  holding  onto  something,  including  Climb

checks and grappling attacks. When applied to a rope, it

confers  a  +2  circumstance  modifier  on  Use  Rope

checks that involve tying knots or binding creatures or

objects. Applied to the soles of ones footwear or feet, it

confers a +2 circumstance modifier on Balance checks

made to avoid slipping. Once applied, suregrip lasts 10

minutes.

The Alchemy check DC to make suregrip is 20.

MAGIC ITEMS

Crafting a magic item is the ultimate expression of arcane

mastery, not to mention a great way to save money! Here

is some advice for the would-be item builder.

Creating  Magic  Items

Chapter 8: Magic Items in the DUNGEON MASTERS Guide

explains some of the costs and considerations when craft-

ing new magic items. Over time, magical artificers Live

refined the process, building on the basic knowledge

and recording their findings. Table 4-3 below expands on

Table 8-40: Calculating Magic Item Gold Piece Values in

the DUNGEON MASTERS Guide.

Remember, these are meant to be guidelines for deter-

mining what magic items are worth, not an exact point

system for building magic items. Common sense, rather

than greed or maximizing return on investment, should

govern the process.

Table Notes

Effect: A general description of what the item does.

Base Price: The cost to add a particular power to an

iicm. The  total  base  prices  of  all  an  items  powers  (as

modified by the appropriate conditions) determine what

the item costs to make and its market price, as described

in Chapter 8 of the DUNGEON MASTERS Guide.

Feat or Feats Required: This shows the item creation

teat or feats needed to make an item with a particular

effect. Two feat names separated by the word or indi-

cate that either feat can be used, as appropriate for the

item.  For  example,  a  ring  that  provides  a  save  bonus

requires the Forge Ring feat, but a helmet that has the

same power requires Craft Wondrous Item. If two feats

are joined by the word and, you must have both to

make the item.

It is possible to create an item in almost any form, but

if the form is not appropriate to the feat required, you

must also use the Craft Wondrous Item feat. For example,

creating a spell-trigger gem of fireball that holds 50 charges

requires both Craft Wand and Craft Wondrous Item.

Behind the Curtain: Item Pricing

Pricing a magic item always requires some guesswork

and judgment. Here are two examples of new magic items

from this book to show how the process works.

Staff of Abjuration

The staff of abjuration is a new spell-trigger item, one of a

series of school staffs that confer multiple similar powers

from a given school of magic. It requires the Craft Staff

feat to create and has an effective caster level of 13th. The

designer  begins  by  calculating  the  raw  prices  for  its

individual powers, following the formulas given in Table

4-3 above:

Shield: This is a 1st-level spell costing one charge per

use, so the price is:

1 x 13 x  750 = 9,750gp.

Resist Elements: This is a 2nd-levcl spell costing one charge

per use, so the price is:

2 x 13 x 750 = 19,500 gp.

Dispel Magic: This is a 3rd-level spell costing one charge

per use, so the price would be:

3 x 13 x 750 = 29,250gp

However, dispel magics effect has a cap (maximum bonus

on the level check of +10), so the designer decides to

treat this power as caster level 10. This reduces the price

to:

3 x 10 x 750 = 22,500 gp.

Minor Globe of Invulnerability. This is a 4-th-level spell

costing one charge per use, so the price is:

4 x 13 x 750 = 39,000 gp.

Dismissal: This is a 5th-level spell costing two charges

per use, so the price is:

(.5 X 13 x 750) x 0.5 = 24,375 gp.

Repulsion: This is a 6th-level spell costing two charges

per use, so the price is:

(6 x 13 X 750) x 0.5 = 29,250gp.

To estimate the staff s final price, the designer takes the

full price of the most expensive power (minor globe of

invulnerability), then adds three-quarters of the price of

the next most expensive power (repulsion) and one-half

of the price of each the remaining powers:

39,000

29,250

24,375

22,500

19,500

9.750

Total

x        1 =

x   0.75 =

x     0.5 =

x     0.5 =

x     0.5 =

x     0.5 =

=

39,000

21,937.5

12,187.5

11,250

9,750

4,875

99,000 gp

73

CHAPTER  4:  TOOLS  OF  THE  TRADE

TABLE 4-3: ESTIMATING MAGIC ITEM GOLD PIECE VALUES

Effect

Effect

Effect

Effect

Effect

Ability  enhancement  bonus

Armor  enhancement  bonus

Bonus  spell

Deflection  bonus

Luck  bonus

Natural  armor  bonus

Resistance  bonus

Save  bonus  (limited)

Skill  bonus

Spell  resistance

Weapon  enhancement  bonus

Spell Effect

Spell Effect

Spell Effect

Spell Effect

Spell Effect

Base Price

Base Price

Base Price

Base Price

Base Price

Bonus  squared  x  1,  000  gp

Bonus  squared  x  1,  000  gp

Spell  level  squared  x  1,  000  gp

Bonus  squared  x  2,  000  gp

Bonus  squared  x  2,  500  gp

Bonus  squared  x  2,  000  gp

Bonus  squared  x  1,  000  gp

Bonus  squared  x  250  gp

Bonus  squared  x  20  gp

10,  000  gp  per  point  over  SR  12;

SR 13 minimum

Bonus  squared  x  2,  000  gp

Base Price

Base Price

Base Price

Base Price

Base Price

Spell level x caster level x 25 gp

Spell level x caster level x 50 gp

Any  spell,  single  use,  spell  completion

3rd-level  or  lower,  single  use,  target  self,

use-activated

Any  spell,  single  use,  use-activated

Spell level x caster level x 100 gp

4th  level  or  lower,  50  charges,  spell  trigger Spell  level  x  caster  level  x  750  gp

Spell  level  x  caster  level  x  750  gp

Any  other  spell,  50  charges,  spell  trigger

Spell  level  x  caster  level  x  900  gp

Any  spell,  command  word,  50  charges

Spell level x caster level x 1, 800 gp

Any  spell,  command  word

Spell level x caster level x 1, 000 gp

Any  spell,  use-activated,  50  charges

Spell  level  x  caster  level  x  2,  000  gp

Any  spell,  use-activated

Special

Special

Special

Special

Special

Base Price Adjustment

Base Price Adjustment

Base Price Adjustment

Base Price Adjustment

Base Price Adjustment

Divide  by  (5  -charges  per  day)

Multiply entire cost by 2

Charges  per  day

No  space  limitation*

Power  required  2  charges  (50-charge  item) 1/2 power  base price

Second  similar  power

Third  similar  power

Additional  power,  not  similar

3/4  power  base  price**

1/2  power  base  price**

Multiply  power  base  price  by  2**

Feat  or  Feats  Required

Feat  or  Feats  Required

Feat  or  Feats  Required

Feat  or  Feats  Required

Feat  or  Feats  Required

Craft  Wondrous  Item

Craft  Magic  Arms  and  Armor

Craft  Wondrous  Item

Craft  Wondrous  Item  or  Forge  Ring

Craft  Wondrous  Item

Craft  Wondrous  Item

Craft  Wondrous  Item  or  Forge  Ring

Craft  Wondrous  Item  or  Forge  Ring

Craft  Wondrous  Item  or  Forge  Ring

Craft  Wondrous  Item  or  Forge  Ring

Craft  Magic  Arms  and  Armor

Feat  or  Feats  Required

Feat  or  Feats  Required

Feat  or  Feats  Required

Feat  or  Feats  Required

Feat  or  Feats  Required

Scribe  scroll

Brew  Potion

Brew  Potion  and  Craft  Wondrous  Item

Craft  Wand

Craft Staff

Craft  Wondrous  Item

Craft  Wondrous  Item

Craft  Wondrous  Item

Feat  or  Feats  Required

Feat  or  Feats  Required

Feat  or  Feats  Required

Feat  or  Feats  Required

Feat  or  Feats  Required

Craft  Wondrous  Item  or  Forge  Ring

Craft  Wondrous  Item

Craft Staff or Craft Wondrous Item

Craft Staff or Craft Wondrous Item

Craft Staff or Craft Wondrous Item

Craft  Wondrous  Item  or  Forge  Ring

Component

Component

Component

Component

Component

Armor,  shield,  or  weapon

Spell  has  material  component  cost

Spell has Xp cost

Extra  Cost

Extra  Cost

Extra  Cost

Extra  Cost

Extra  Cost

Add cost of masterwork item

Add  directly  into  price  of  item

per charge

Add 5 gp 1 Xp per charge

Feat  or  Feats  Required

Feat  or  Feats  Required

Feat  or  Feats  Required

Feat  or  Feats  Required

Feat  or  Feats  Required

Craft  Magic  Arms  and  Armor

Brew  Potion,  Craft  Staff,  Craft  Wand,  Craft

Wondrous Item, or Forge Ring, as appropriate

Brew  Potion,  Craft  Staff,  Craft  Wand,  Craft

Wondrous Item, or Forge Ring, as appropriate

Spell Level:  A  0-level  spell  is  half  the  value  of  a  1st-level  spell  for  determining  price.

See  Limit  on  Magic  Items  Worn,  page  176  of  the DUNGEON MASTERS Guide.  Basically,  an  item  that  does  not  take  up  one  of  these

limited  spaces  costs  double.

* An items first power is its most expensive, after adjusting for components and number of charges expended. The second power

is the next most expensive, and any remaining powers are priced as the items third power. Powers are similar when they have the

same basic theme and either cannot be used at the same time, or if used at the same time, would not bring any special benefit to the

user. A staffs multiple spell powers are considered similar. Nonsimilar powers may constantly operate, such as a belt that increases

both  Strength  and  Constitution  simultaneously,  or  are  not  related  thematically  in  any  way,  such  as  a  device  that  grants  bonuses  to

both  attacks  and  saving  throws.

 If an item is continuous or unlimited, not charged, determine cost as if it had 100 charges. If it has some daily limit, determine cost

as  if  it  had  50  charges.

Belt of Many Pockets

The belt of many pockets is a new use-activated wondrous

item that has several different powers along a similar

theme:  storage.  It  requires  the  Craft Wondrous  Item

feat to create and has an effective caster level of 9th.

The designer must first estimate prices for its individ-

ual powers, some of which arent easily determined from

Table 4-3.

Hold Gear: The belt can store 64 cubic feet and up to 640

pounds of gear. This power is not similar to anything

shown  on  the  table,  so  the  designer  looks  for  a

74

CHAPTER  4:  TOOLS  OF  THE  TRADE

similar existing item. A bag of holding 2 is close, and it

has a market price of 5,000 gp.

Hold Familiar: One pocket can hold the wearers famil-

iar as the new 2nd-level familiar pocket spell (see

TABLE 4-4: MAGIC ITEMS

Rods

Rods

Rods

Rods

Rods

Cooperation, lesser

Substitution, lesser

Enlargement, lesser

Extension, lesser

Shaping, lesser

Silence, lesser

Cooperation

Substitution

Empowerment, lesser

Enlargement

Extension

Shaping

Silence

Cooperation, greater

Substitution, greater

Chaining, lesser

Maximization, lesser

Quickening, lesser

Enlargement, greater

Extension, greater

Shaping, greater

Silence, greater

Empowerment

Chaining

Maximization

Quickening

Empowerment, greater

Chaining, greater

Maximization, greater

Quickening, greater

Staffs

Staffs

Staffs

Staffs

Staffs

Illumination

School Staffs

School Staffs

School Staffs

School Staffs

School Staffs

Abjuration

Evocation

Enchantment

Necromancy

Transmutation

Conjuration

Divination

Illusion

Wondrous  Items

Wondrous  Items

Wondrous  Items

Wondrous  Items

Wondrous  Items

Belt of many pockets

Belt of spell resistance

Golem manual

Clay golem

Flesh golem

Stone golem

Iron golem

Rug of welcome

Vest of resistance

Market  Price

Market  Price

Market  Price

Market  Price

Market  Price

2,700  gp

2,700  gp

5,400  gp

5,400  gp

5,400  gp

5,400  gp

10,500  gp

10,500  gp

16,200  gp

21,600  gp

21,600  gp

21,600  gp

21,600  gp

24,300  gp

24,300  gp

27,200  gp

27,200  gp

37,800  gp

48,600  gp

48,600  gp

48,600  gp

48,600  gp

64,800  gp

108,000  gp

108,000  gp

151,200  gp

145,800  gp

243,000  gp

243,000  gp

340,200  gp

Market  Price

Market  Price

Market  Price

Market  Price

Market  Price

51,000  gp

98,000  gp

98,000  gp

101,000  gp

101,000  gp

101,000  gp

102,000  gp

102,000  gp

102,000  gp

Market  Price

Market  Price

Market  Price

Market  Price

Market  Price

11,000  gp

90,000  gp

24,000  gp

24,000  gp

28,750  gp

32,250  gp

Chapter 5: Spells). It is essentially an unlimited use-

activated  power,and  since  familiar  pocket  doesnt

improve with caster level, the designer prices it as for

a 3rd-level caster. Its cost is 2 x 3 x 2,000 = 12,000 gp.

Find Stored Item: The user can readily retrieve any item

stored in the belt. The designer decides this is similar

to a use-activated locate object, which is a 2nd-level spell.

Since  only  range  and  duration  (neither  of  which  is

relevant to this item) improve with caster level, the

designer  prices  this  power  as  for  a  3rd-level  caster.

Thus, its price is also 12,000 gp.

To estimate the belts final price, the designer takes the

full price of the most expensive power (familiar pocket),

then adds three-quarters of the price of the next most

expensive power (locate), and one-half of the price of the

third power.

12,000 x 1

12,000 x 0.75

5,000 x 0.5

Total

= 12,000

=   9,000

=   2,500

= 23,000 gp

The designer, however finds this result unsuitable. A

similar bag of holding costs only 5,000 gp, less than 25% of

this value, and this item takes up a belt slot on the users

body. The designer decides to try an alternative estimate:

He calculates the hold gear power at full price (5,000 gp)

and the other two powers at one-quarter their base cost

(3,000 gp each). This works out to a price of 11,000 gp,

which the designer finds more reasonable, as it is roughly

halfway between the first estimated price and the price

of a similar bag of holding.

NEW MAGIC ITEMS

Sorcerers  and  wizards  are  always  inventing  new  and

useful magic items. Here are a few examples that have

found widespread use.

Rod  Descriptions

Rods are scepterlike devices that have unique magical

powers.  Rods  are  described  in  the  DUNGEON  MASTERS

GUIDE, beginning on page 195.

Some of the less powerful metamagic feat rods qualify

as minor items. Since Table 8-20: Rods in the DUNGEON

MASTERS GUIDE makes no allowance for minor rods, use

Table 4-5 below as an adjunct.

Metamagic Feat Rods

Metamagic feat rods hold the essence of a metamagic feat

but do not change the spell slot of the spell they alter. All

the  rods  described  here are  use-activated (but  casting

spells in a threatened area still draws an attack of oppor-

tunity). A caster may only use one metamagic rod on any

given spell, but it is permissible to combine a rod with

the characters personal metamagic feats. In this case,

only those latter feats (if any) adjust the spell slot of the

spell being cast.

75

CHAPTER  4:  TOOLS  OF  THE  TRADE

Possession of a metamagic rod

does  not  confer  the

associated  feat  on  the

owner, only the ability

to  use  the  given  feat  a

specified  number  of

times  per  day.  For

instance, having a rod of

substitution  does  not

count  as  having

Energy  Substitution

toward  gaining  the

Energy Admixture

feat.  A  sorcerer

still  must  take  a

full-round  action  when  using  a

metamagic  rod,  as  if  using  a  meta-

magic feat he possesses.

Lesser and Greater

Metamagic Feat Rods

Lesser rods can be used with

spells  of  up  to  3 rd  level,

normal metamagic feat rods

can be used with spells of

6th level and lower, while greater rods can

be used with spells of up to 9th level.

Chaining:  The  user  can  cast  up  to  three

spells per day that are chained as though using

the Chain Spell feat.

Caster Level: 17th; Prerequisites: Craft Rod, Chain

Spell; Market Price: 27,200 gp (lesser), 108,000 gp

(normal), or 243,000 gp (greater).

Cooperation: The user can cooperatively cast

up  to  three  spells  per  day  as  though  using  the

Cooperative Spell feat.

Caster Level: 17th; Prerequisites: Craft Rod, Cooperative Spell;

Market  Price:  2,700  gp  (lesser),  10,500  gp  (normal),  or

24,300 gp (greater).

Empowerment: The user can cast up to three spells

per  day  that  are  empowered  as  though  using  the

Empower Spell feat.

Caster Level: 17th; Prerequisites: Craft Rod, Empower Spell;

Market Price: 16,200 gp (lesser), 64,800 gp (normal), or

145,800 gp (greater).

Enlargement: The user can cast up to three spells per

day that are enlarged as though using the Enlarge Spell

feat.

Caster Level: 17th; Prerequisites: Craft Rod, Enlarge Spell;

Market  Price:  5,400  gp  (lesser),  21,600  gp  (normal),  or

48,600 gp (greater).

Extension: The user can cast up to three spells per day

that are extended as though using the Extend Spell feat.

Caster Level: 17th; Prerequisites: Craft Rod, Extend Spell;

Market  Price:  5,400  gp  (lesser),  21,600  gp  (normal),  or

48,600 gp (greater).

Maximization: The user can cast up to three spells

per  day  that  are  maximized  as  though  using  the

Maximize Spell feat.

Caster Level: 17th; Prerequisites: Craft Rod, Maximize Spell

feat; Market Price: 27, 200 gp (lesser), 108,000 gp (normal),

or 243,000 gp (greater).

Quickening: The user can cast up to three spells per

day  that  are  quickened  as  though  using  the  Quicken

Spell feat.

Caster Level: 17th; Prerequisites: Craft Rod, Quicken

Spell; Market Price: 37,800 gp (lesser), 151,200 gp

(normal), or 340,200 gp (greater).

Sculpting: The user can cast up to

three spells per day that are sculpted

as though cast with the Sculpt Spell

feat.

Caster Level: 17th; Prerequisites: Craft Rod, Sculpt

Spell;  Market  Price:  5,400  gp  (lesser),  21,600  gp

(normal), or 48,600 gp (greater).

Silence: The user can cast up

to three spells per day without

verbal  components  as

though using the Silent

Spell feat.

Caster Level: 17th; Prerequisites: Craft

Rod, Silent Spell; Market Price: 5,400

gp  (lesser),  21,600  gp  (nor-

mal), or 48,600 gp (greater).

Substitution: Five different types

of rod of substitution exist, each keyed

to  a  different  type  of  energy:  acid,

cold, electricity, fire, or sonic. The

user can cast up to three spells per

day as though using the approp-

riate Energy Substitution feat.

Caster Level: 17th; Prerequi-

sites:  Craft  Rod,  Energy

Substitution  for  the  ap-

propriate  energy  type;

Market Price: 2,700 gp

(lesser),  10,500  gp

or

gp

(normal),

24,300

(greater).

Staff Descriptions

Staffs are long shafts of wood that store a specific combi-

nation  of  spells.  Staffs  are  described  in  the  DUNGEON

MASTERS GUIDE, beginning on page 204.

Illumination: This staff is usually sheathed in silver

and decorated with sunbursts. It allows use of the follow-

ing spells:

Dancing lights (1 charge)

Flare (1 charge, DC 10)

Daylight (2 charges)

Sunburst (2 charges, DC 22)

Caster Level: 13th; Prerequisites: Craft Staff, dancing lights,

dayliglit, flare, sunburst; Market Price: 51,000 gp.

School  Staffs

A school staff incorporates a suite of spells from a given

school of magic. Such items are particularly useful to

specialist wizards and casters with the Spell Focus feat.

76

CHAPTER  4:  TOOLS  OF  THE  TRADE

TABLE 4-5: METAMAGIC FEAT RODS

 Cooperation, lesser

 Substitution, lesser

 Enlargement, lesser

 Extension, lesser

 Shaping, lesser

 Silence, lesser

MinorMinorMinorMinorMinor Medium

Medium MajorMajorMajorMajorMajor RodRodRodRodRod

Medium

Medium

Medium

0117 

1834 

3550 

5167 

6883 

84100 

0110  Cooperation

1120  Substitution

2130  Empowerment, lesser

3140  Enlargement

4150  Extension

5160  Shaping

6170  Silence

7180  Cooperation, greater

8190  Substitution, greater

Market  Price

Market  Price

Market  Price

Market  Price

Market  Price

2,700  gp

2,700  gp

5,400  gp

5,400  gp

5,400  gp

5,400  gp

10,500  gp

10,500  gp

16,200  gp

21,600  gp

21,600  gp

21,600  gp

24,300  gp

24,300  gp

24,300  gp

27,200  gp

 0107 Maximization, lesser

37,800  gp

37,800  gp

 0815 Quickening, lesser

37,800  gp

 1622 Enlargement, greater

48,600  gp

 2329 Extension, greater

48,600  gp

 3036 Shaping, greater

48,600  gp

 3743 Silence, greater

64,800  gp

 4451 Empowerment

108,000  gp

 5258 Chaining

108,000  gp

 5965 Maximization

 6672 Quickening

151,200  gp

 7379 Empowerment, greater 145,800  gp

243,000  gp

 8086 Chaining, greater

 8793 Maximization, greater 243,000  gp

340,200  gp

 94100 Quickening, greater



















 91100  Chaining, lesser





























Abjuration: Usually carved from the heartwood of an

ancient oak or other large tree, this staff allows use of the

following spells:

Shield (1 charge)

Resist elements (1 charge)

Dispel magic (caster level 10th) (1 charge)

Minor globe of invulnerability (1 charge)

Dismissal (2 charges, DC 17)

Repulsion (2 charges, DC 19)

Caster Level: 13th; Prerequisites: Craft Staff, dismissal,

dispel magic, minor globe of invulnerability, resist elements,

repulsion, shield; Market Price: 99,000 gp.

Conjuration: This staff is usually made of ash or

walnut and bears ornate carvings of many different kinds

of creatures. It allows use of the following spells:

Unseen servant (1 charge)

Summon swarm (1 charge)

Stinking cloud (1 charge, DC 14)

Minor creation (1 charge)

Cloudkill (2 charges, DC 17)

Summon monster VI (2 charges)

Caster Level: 13th; Prerequisites: Craft Staff, cloudkill, stink-

ing  cloud,  summon  monster  VI,  summon  swarm,  unseen

servant; Market Price: 102,000 gp.

Divination:  Made  from  a  supple  length  of  willow,

often  with  a  forked  tip,  this  staff  allows  use  of  the

following spells:

Detect secret doors (1 charge)

Locate object (1 charge)

Tongues (1 charge)

Locate creature (1 charge)

Prying eyes (2 charges, DC 17)

True seeing (2 charges)

Caster Level: 13th; Prerequisites: Craft Staff, detect secret

doors, locate creature, locate object, prying eyes, tongues, true

seeing; Market Price: 102,000 gp.

Enchantment:  Often  made  from  applewood  and

topped with a clear crystal, this staff allows use of the

following spells:

Sleep (1 charge, caster level 10th, DC 11)

Tashas hideous laughter (1 charge, DC 13)

Suggestion (1 charge, DC 14)

Emotion (1 charge, DC 16)

Mind fog (2 charges, DC 17)

Mass suggestion (2 charges, DC 19)

Caster Level: 13th; Prerequisites: Craft Staff, emotion, mass

suggestion, mind fog, sleep, suggestion, Tashas hideous laughter;

Market Price: 101,000 gp.

Evocation: Usually smooth and carved from hickory,

willow, or yew, this staff allows use of the following spells:

Magic missile (caster level 10th) (1 charge)

Shatter (1 charge, DC 13)

Fireball (1 charge, caster level 10th, DC 14)

Ice storm (1 charge)

Wall of force (2 charges, DC 17)

Chain lightning (2 charges, DC 19)

Caster Level: 13th; Prerequisites: Craft Staff, chain light-

ning, fireball, ice storm, magic missile, shatter, wall of force;

Market Price: 98,000 gp.

Illusion: This staff is made from ebony or other dark

wood and carved into an intricately twisted, fluted, or

spiral shape. It allows use of the following spells:

Change self (1 charge)

Mirror image (1 charge)

Major image (1 charge, DC 14)

Rainbow pattern (1 charge, DC 16)

Persistent image (2 charges, DC 17)

Project image (2 charges, DC 19)

Caster Level: 13th; Prerequisites: Craft Staff, change self,

major image, mirror image, persistent image, project image,

rainbow pattern; Market Price: 102,000 gp.

Necromancy: This staff is made from ebony or other

dark  wood  and  carved  with  the  images  of  bones  and

skulls. It allows use of the following spells:

Cause fear (1 charge, caster level 10th, DC 11)

Ghoul touch (1 charge, DC 13)

Halt undead (1 charge, DC 14)

Enervation (1 charge, DC 16)

Animate dead (2 charges)

Circle of death (2 charges, DC 19)

Caster Level: 13th; Prerequisites: Craft Staff, animate dead,

cause fear, circle of death, enervation, ghoul touch, halt undead;

Market Price: 101,000 gp.

Transmutation: This staff is generally carved from or

decorated  with  petrified  wood  and  allows  use  of  the

following spells:

Burning hands (1 charge, caster level 10th, DC 11)

77

CHAPTER  4:  TOOLS  OF  THE  TRADE

Alter self (1 charge)

Blink (1 charge)

Polymorph other (1 charge, DC 16)

Passwall (1 charges)

Disintegrate (2 charges, DC 19)

Caster Level: 13th; Prerequisites: Craft Staff, alter self, blink,

burning hands, disintegrate, passwall, polymorph other; Market

Price: 101,000 gp.

Wondrous  Items  Descriptions

Although  the  items  described  here  were  invented  by

arcane spellcasters for their own safety, convenience, and

comfort, anyone can use them (unless otherwise speci-

fied).  Wondrous  items  are  described  in  the DUNGEON

MASTERS Guide beginning on page 207.

Belt of Many Pockets: This broad belt seems to be

nothing more than a well-made article of clothing, but

closer examination reveals eight small pouches on its

inner front surface. In fact, a total of sixty-four magical

pouches exist in the belt, seven others behind each of

the eight readily apparent ones. Each of these pouches

is similar to a miniature bag of holding, able to contain up

to 1 cubic foot of material weighing as much as 10 pounds.

One of these pouches can hold the wearers familiar, no

matter what its size. The familiar has access to food, air,

and water while inside the pouch.

Anything stored in the pockets is effectively weight-

less and does not affect the wearers encumbrance, so

long as the belt is worn around the waist. It can be rolled

up and stored away, but in that case it weighs one-tenth

of the total weight of all stored items.

When worn around the waist, the belt responds to the

thoughts of its wearer by opening a full pouch (to extract

something from) or an empty one (to put something in)

as desired. Naturally, this item is greatly prized by spell-

casters, for it can hold components for many spells and

make them readily available.

Caster  Level:  9th;  Prerequisites:  Craft Wondrous  Item,

familiar pocket (see Chapter 5: Spells), Leomunds secret chest,

locate object; Market Price: 11,000 gp; Weight:1 lb.

Belt of Spell Resistance: This intricately embroidered

sash is worn around the waist. It grants the wearer spell

resistance of 21.

Caster Level: 9th; Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item, spell

resistance; Market Price: 90,000 gp; Weight: .

Golem  Manual: This  book  is  a  treatise  on  the

construction and animation of golems. It contains all the

information and incantations necessary to make one of

the four sorts of golems described in the Monster Manual.

The spells included in a golem manual require a spell

trigger and can be activated only when building a golem.

Once the golem is finished, the writing fades and the

book is consumed in flames. When the ashes are sprin-

kled upon the golem, it becomes fully animated.

Clay Golem Manual: The book contains animate objects,

bless, commune, prayer, and resurrection.

Caster Level: 16th; Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and

Armor,  Craft  Wondrous  Item,  animate  objects,  bless,

commune, prayer, resurrection; Market Price: 24,000 gp; Cost

78

to create: 9,250 gp +5,575 XP; Weight: 5 lb.

anual:

anual:

olem Molem Manual:

olem Molem M

lesh G

FFFFFlesh G

lesh G

anual: The book contains bulls strength,

lesh Golem M

anual:

lesh G

geas/quest, limited wish, polymorph any object, and protection

from arrows.

Caster Level: 14th; Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and

Armor, Craft Wondrous Item, bulls strength, geas/quest,

limited wish, polymorph any object, and protection from arrows;

Market Price: 24,000 gp; Cost to Create: 8,750 gp +5,675 XP;

Weight: 5 lb.

anual:

olem Molem Manual:

anual:

olem Molem M

IIIIIrrrrron Gon Gon Gon Gon Golem M

anual: The book contains cloudkill, geas/

anual:

quest, limited wish, and polymorph any object.

Caster Level: 16th; Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and

Armor, Craft Wondrous Item, cloudkill, geas/quest, limited

wish, and polymorph any object. Market Price: 32,250 gp; Cost

to Create: 10,500 gp +7,500 XP; Weight: 5 lb.

anual:

anual:

olem  M

olem  M

tone  G

SSSSStone  G

tone  G

anual: The  book contains  geas/quest,

olem  Manual:

tone  Golem  M

anual:

olem  M

tone  G

limited wish, polymorph any object, and slow.

Caster Level: 16th; Prerequisites: Craft Magic Arms and

Armor,  Craft Wondrous  Item,  geas/quest,  limited  wish,

polymorph any object, and slow; Market Price: 28,750 gp;

Cost to Create: 9,500 gp +6,700 XP; Weight: 5 lb.

Building a Golem

The construction and animation of a golem takes two

months and costs quite a bit of money. Creating a golem

requires an arcane lab (see Chapter 4: Tools of the Trade).

You must make the golems body (or have it made) and pur-

chase additional materials for the project, as shown below.

Building a golem requires laboring for at least 8 hours

each day. When not working on the golem, you must rest

and can perform no other activities except eating, sleeping,

or talking. If personally constructing the golems body, you

can perform the building and rituals together. If you miss

a day of rituals, the process fails and must be started again.

Money spent is lost, but the manual is not consumed. The

golems body can be reused, as can the laboratory.

Clay

GolemGolemGolemGolemGolem Construction  Skills

Construction  Skills

Construction  Skills

Construction  Skills

Construction  Skills

Craft  (leatherworking)

Flesh

or Heal  (DC 13)

Craft  (sculpting

or  masonry)    (DC  15)

Craft  (sculpturing

or  masonry)    (DC  17)

Craft  (armorsmithing

or  weaponsmithing)

(DC  20)

Stone

Iron

Body  Cost

Body  Cost

Body  Cost

Body  Cost

Body  Cost

500  gp

otal  Cost*ost*ost*ost*ost*

otal  C

TTTTTotal  C

otal  C

otal  C

50,000  gp

1,500  gp 60,000  gp**

1,000  gp

80,000  gp

1,500  gp

100,000  gp

Includes the cost of the body.

* Also includes 30,000 gp for vestments, which can be reused.

Rug of Welcome: This finely crafted rug looks like a

normal floor covering, 5 feet wide and 10 feet long. It can

be commanded to guard an area, and when so activated it

animates and grapples creatures of up to Large size that

step on it. If desired, the owner can set a password to

avoid activating the rugs effect. The owner need not be

present  for  the  rug  to  attack. The  rug  can  attack  one

crea-ture at a time. Once it grabs a creature, it holds on

until  commanded  to  release  the  foe. The  owner  can

CHAPTER  5:  SPELLS

command the rug from up to 30 feet away.

Caster Level: 11th; Prerequisites: Craft Wondrous Item,

animate object or Bigbys grasping hand; Market Price: 30,000

gp; Weight: 15 lb.

DAnimated Rug: CR 5; Large construct; HD 13d10;

hp 71; Init +0; Spd 0 ft.; AC 20 (touch 9, flat-footed 20);

Atk +23 melee (no damage, grab); Face/Reach: 5 ft. by 10

ft./5 ft.; SA Improved grab, +4 modifier on grab attacks;

SQ Construct; AL N; SV Fort +4, Ref +4, Will +4; Str 31,

Dex 10, Con -. Int -. Wis 11, Cha 1.

Skills and Feats: None.

Improved  Grab  (Ex):  If  the  rug  hits  a  creature  of

Large size or smaller with its grab attack, it attempts to

start  a  grapple  as  a  free  action  without  provoking  an

attack of opportunity. The rugs attack bonus for estab-

lishing or maintaining a hold is +28.

Construct:  Immune  to  mind-influencing  effects,

poison, disease, and similar effects. Not subject to critical

hits, subdual damage, ability damage, energy drain, or

death from massive damage.

Vest  of  Resistance: These  garments  offer  magic

protection in the form of a +1 to +5 resistance modifier to

all saving throws (Fortitude, Reflex, Will).

Caster  Level: 5th; Prerequisites:  Craft Wondrous  Item,

resistance,  caster  level  must  be  three  times  that  of  the

cloaks bonus; Market Price: 1,000 gp ( +1),4,000 gp ( +2),

9,000 gp (+3), 16,000 gp (+4), or 25,000 gp (+5); Weight:

1 lb.

CHAPTER 5:

SPELLS

To survive in the field of arcane magic, you need to be

expert at spell use. This chapter offers some advice for

spellcasting, guidance for when you need to craft the

perfect spell, and a selection of new spells to fill those

gaps in your portfolio.

MAGIC TRICKS

Here are a few tips for getting the most out of your spells.

Weaponlike Spells

Any spell that requires an attack roll and deals damage

functions  as  a  weapon  in  certain  respects.  A  spells

damage may be normal damage, subdual damage, ability

damage, or energy drain. Such spells can inflict critical

hits, can be used in sneak attacks, and allow rangers to use

their favored enemy bonuses. You can even use a number

of combat-enhancing feats from the Players Handbook to

improve the efficacy of Weaponlike spells, as noted in

Chapter 2: Feats.

All  such  spells  deal  damage  as  spells,  not  weapons.

Magical effects that increase weapon damage, such as

the bards inspire courage ability and the prayer spell, do

not increase damage from a Weaponlike spell. Likewise,

a weaponlike spell that deals normal damage cannot be

used  to  deal  subdual  damage,  or  vice  versa.  Strength

bonuses do not apply to damage from Weaponlike spells,

even when you are making a melee attack, such as with

flame blade or inflict light wounds.

Critical  Hits

A Weaponlike spell threatens on a roll of 20 and deals

double damage with a critical hit, unless the spell descrip-

tion specifically says otherwise.

Only damage that the spell deals immediately when it

strikes is increased by a critical hit. For example, if you

score a critical hit with Melfs acid arrow, only the initial

damage gets doubled. Thus, the spell initially deals 4d4

points of acid damage and the normal damage each subse-

quent round the acid lasts.

A spell that deals damage only on a failed saving throw

can  still  inflict  a  critical  hit, but only the damaging

portion of the spell effect is increased. For example, disin-

tegrate produces a ray that requires a ranged touch attack.

If the ray hits a creature, the target must make a Fortitude

save, and the attacker has a chance to inflict a critical hit.

If the save fails, the creature is disintegrated, no matter

what the critical roll was. If the target successfully saves,

it takes 5d6 points of damage from the spell, or double

damage (10d6) on a critical hit.

Extra damage from a critical hit is of the same type the

spell deals normally. For example, ray of frost deals 1d3

points of cold damage, so a critical hit deals 2d3 points of

cold damage. A critical hit with an energy-draining spell

inflicts twice the listed amount; for example a critical hit

with an enervation spell bestows 2d4 negative levels.

Some spells require an attack roll but do not deal actual

damage, so they cannot inflict critical hits. For example,

ray of enfeeblement requires a ranged touch attack roll. The

spell,  however,  produces  an  enhancement  penalty  to

Strength, not any type of damage, so it cannot inflict a

critical hit.

Sneak Attacks

Any Weaponlike spell can be used to make a sneak attack.

Ranged spells are effective only at ranges of 30 feet or

less, like any other ranged sneak attack.

A successful sneak attack with a Weaponlike spell

deals extra damage according to your sneak attack abil-

ity, of the same type as the spell deals. For example, a

10th-level rogue who makes a successful sneak attack

with  a  Melf s  acid arrow  spell  deals  2d4  points  of  acid

damage, plus an extra 5d6 points of acid damage (the

spell continues to deal acid damage as normal on the

following  rounds).  Spells  that  inflict  energy drain or

ability damage deal additional negative energy damage

on  a  sneak  attack,  not  extra  negative  levels  or  ability

damage. For example, a 10th-level rogue who makes a

successful sneak attack with an enervation spell bestows

1d4  negative  levels  and  deals  5d6  points  of  negative

energy damage.

If a sneak attack with a Weaponlike spell results in a

critical hit, the spell damage is doubled, but not the extra

damage (as with any sneak attack).

79

CHAPTER  5:  SPELLS

Fun With Prestidigitation

The prestidigitation spell gives you the ability to perform

minor magical effects for 1 hour. You can slowly lift 1

pound of material. You can color, clean, or soil items in a

1-foot cube each round. You can chill, warm, or flavor 1

pound of nonliving material. You can create small objects,

but they look crude and artificial, and they are fragile.

Any actual change to an object (beyond moving, cleaning,

or soiling it) persists only 1 hour.

So, whats the use of prestidigitation? Actually, its one of

the handiest cantrips around.

Change: You  transform  one  object  of  Fine  size  or

smaller into another object of roughly the same size. The

object can weigh no more than 8 ounces.

The change must be within the same kingdom (animal,

vegetable, or mineral). For example, you could change a

piece of paper into scrap of linen, and then change that

into a rose. Likewise, you could change a coin into a ring.

You  could  not,  however,  turn  a  strip  of  leather  into  a

piece of paper.

Chill: You  reduce  the  temperature  of  an  object  by

about 40 F, but never below freezing (32 F). After an

hour the objects temperature returns to normal.

Clean: You remove dirt, dust, and stains from floors,

walls,  dishes,  windows,  and  the  like,  leaving  these

surfaces or objects spotless. You can clean an object with

a volume of 1 cubic foot, or 1 square foot of the surface of

a larger object, each round. The effect does not remove

any foreign object of Fine size or larger. Dirt you remove

is permanently gone, but objects you clean can get dirty

again just like anything else.

Color: You bring color to an object. You can restore

faded hues or give it a new color. If you add color, it must

be from the visible spectrum (red, orange, yellow, green,

blue, indigo, or violet). You cannot change an objects

pattern, such as adding or removing stripes or polka dots,

but you can change the color in a pattern so that, for

example,  a  blue  garment  with  white  stripes  becomes

green with yellow stripes.

Dampen: You leave an object damp to the touch for 1

hour. Damp objects have fire resistance 2 while the

effect lasts.

Dirty: You soil, spot, and sully walls, floors, dishes,

garments,  or  the  like,  leaving  them  dusty,  filthy,  or

stained. You can dirty an object with a volume of 1 cubic

foot, or 1 square foot of the surface of a larger object,

each round. Dirt you add remains after the effect ends,

but  objects  you  soil  can  be  cleaned  again  just  like

anything else.

Dry: You remove dampness and excess moisture from

an object. Moisture you remove does not return after the

effect ends, but the object can become wet again just like

anything else.

Firefinger: You cause a jet of flame up to  foot long

to shoot forth from your finger. The flame is hot and

ignites combustible materials. Lighting a torch with this

effect is a standard action (rather than a full-round

action), but lighting any other fire with it takes at least a

standard action (DMs discretion).

Flavor: You give a substance a better, worse, or differ-

ent flavor. You could, for example, make porridge taste

like lobster bisque. You do not change the substances

quality or wholesomeness. Spoiled food remains spoiled,

a poisoned drink is still deadly, and inedible material

provides no nourishmentyou can make a twig taste

like steak, but it remains a twig.

Gather: You  neatly  collect  numerous  objects. The

objects you gather can be no larger than Fine size, no two

items  can  be  more  than  10  feet  apart,  and  their  total

weight cannot exceed 1 pound. You can place the gath-

ered objects into a container you touch, or you can form

a stack or pile that you touch.

You can gather selectively; for instance, you can pick

up just the coins from an area.

Polish:  You  bring  luster  to  a  wood,  metal,  stone,

leather, glass, or ceramic object. The object must be clean

to start with. It remains shiny after the effect ends but

can become dull again like anything else.

Sketch: You create a two-dimensional visual figment

of whatever you desire. You can leave the image hanging

in the air, in which case it is immobile, or place it on a

mobile object, such as a shield. The image can be no more

than 1-foot square, and it lasts a maximum of 1 hour.

Stitch: You magically sew seams in textiles or leather.

You can create new stitching or repair old work. Unlike

the mending cantrip, you cannot heal rips, holes, or tears

(though  you  can  patch  or  sew  them  together).  If  you

have thread on hand, the stitches you make remain after

the effect ends, but they are no stronger or weaker than

normal stitching. You also can sew without thread, but

then the seams last only an hour.

Tie: You magically tie a firm knot (as though taking 10

with the Use Rope skill) in a thread, string, cord, rope,

or cable up to 10 feet long. You can knot together two

such objects if theyre within 1 foot of each other.

Warm: You increase the temperature of an object by

about 40 F, but never above 140 F. After an hour the

objects temperature returns to normal.

Casting Times

Certain spells take longer than a single action to cast, and

special considerations exist in these circumstances.

A spell with a full-round casting time keeps you busy

from the time your turn starts until its your turn again.

You cannot take another action other than a 5-foot step.

If you are hasted, however, you can still take your extra

partial action before or after you finish the spell.

If a spell has a casting time of 1 minute or longer, you

must devote all your actions each round to casting the

spell. If youre hasted, you cant interrupt the spell to take

extra partial actions, but you can use the partial actions

granted by haste to finish the spell more quickly: Every

two  partial  actions  reduce  the  total  casting  time  by  1

round. For example, if you are hasted the whole time you

cast binding, which has a 1-minute casting time, you

would finish the spell in 6  rounds. The spell goes off

on the final half-round, and then you can take a partial

action. Essentially, this caster gets 1.5 actions per round.

80

It takes 10 actions to cast a 1-minute casting-time spell

(10 rounds = 10 actions). So, it takes about 6.5 rounds for

a hasted caster to reach the 10-action total needed to cast

the spell.

If  you  take  damage  or  suffer  another  distraction

anytime between starting and finishing the spell, you

must make a Concentration check to avoid losing the

spell. You provoke an attack of opportunity when you

begin casting, but not thereafter. For example, Mialee is

threatened  by  three  ores  when  she  begins  casting

summon monster II, which has a full-round casting time,

and provokes attacks of opportunity from all three. Two

more orcs move in before the end of the round. These

two orcs do not get attacks of opportunity

against  Mialee,  even

though she is still casting.

Sorcerers and

Metamagic Feats

Sorcerers cannot normally

prepare  spells  ahead  of

time  and  so  must  use  a

full-round  action  when

casting  any  spell  with  a

metamagic feat. You cannot

take a move action during

the round the spell is cast,

but  can  take  a  5-foot  step

before  or  after  casting  the

spell.  If  a  spell  has  a  casting

time longer than one action,

it  takes  an  extra  full-round

action  to  cast  when  using  a

metamagic feat.

For example, Hennet casts

a maximized magic missile. He

must use a full-round action to

cast the spell, but he can take a

5-foot  step  first  to  leave  a

threatened  space.  If  he  uses

Extend Spell and starts cast-

ing  a  summon  monster  I

spell, which has a full-

round casting time, he

continues casting until his next turn (as with

any other spell having a casting time of more

than one action). When its his turn again, however, the

spell isnt yet complete, and Hennet must use the rest of

that round to finish the spell. He can still take a 5-foot

step at the end of casting, however.

RESEARCHING

NEW SPELLS

Creating a new spell thats all your own is hard but can

lead to great rewards-not the least of which is leaving an

indelible mark on the world. Move over, Rary, Morden-

kainen, and Bigby!

Spell research is a rare case in which you, your DM,

and your character all play a part. Your character must

CHAPTER  5:  SPELLS

spend  time  and  money  working  on  the  spell.  You,

however, must write the spell description and submit it

to your DM for approval. For guidelines, see Researching

Original Spells on page 42 and Creating New Spells on

page 95 of DUNGEON MASTERS Guide.

The researcher needs access to a well-stocked library.

This means going out and finding one, often through

joining a wizards organization or sometimes shelling out

10,  000  gp  for  a  personal  library  (see

Chapter 4: Tools of the Trade).

She must research the spell for

a minimum of one week per

level of the spell, spending

1, 000 gp per week. At the

end of that time, you make

a Spellcraft check (DC 10+

spell level). If it succeeds,

your  character  learns  the

new spell if it is viable (see

below).  On  a  failure,  she

learns  nothing  and  must  go

through  the  research  process

again if you want to keep trying.

The character can take 10 on the

Spellcraft check but cannot take

20.

Your  character  needs  a  quiet,

comfortable, and well-lit place in

which to work. Any place suitable for

preparing  spells  (see  Chapter  10:

Magic in the Players Handbook) is suit-

able  for  researching  a  spell.  She  is

assumed to work for 8 hours each day and

cannot rush the process by working longer.

A character can only work on one spell at a

time. She can do nothing else while working.

During rest periods, she can engage in light

activity such as talking or walking but cannot

fight, cast spells, use magic items, conduct other

research,  craft  magic  items,  or  perform  any

other physically or mentally demanding task.

She can take a short break from working (for

naps and the like) as often as she likes, so

long as she spends at least 8 hours out

of every 24 working on the spell. She

cannot take a day off: Once the process

has started, she must see it through to the end or admit

defeat. If she is disturbed while researching the spell, or

spends less than 8 hours working in any period of 24

hours, the process is ruined. All money spent is wasted.

Is a New Spell Viable?

This section is addressed to the DM, who must make the

final decision on a researched spells viability.

You should use existing spells as benchmarks for eval-

uating new spells (along with a big dose of common sense),

but what makes a particular spell a benchmark? Which

are  benchmark  spells? This  section  answers  those

questions.

81

CHAPTER  5:  SPELLS

Benchmark Spells

2nd-Level Spells

Benchmark spells demonstrate the maximum capability

for their level and function. Comparing a new spell to

these examples gives a general sense of where it belongs.

Below is a list of benchmark spells at every level from

the Players Handbook. These are classified as offensive,

defensive, or miscellaneous. Decide what category the

spell youre researching fits into and then compare it to

the spells in the list.

Offensive Spells: These deal damage, disable, or kill.

The list for each level includes at least one spell that

deals damage and one that hampers foes in some other

way.  Another  useful  tool  for  evaluating  such  spells  is

Table 3-22: Maximum Damage for Arcane Spells on page

95 of the DUNGEON MASTERS Guide.

Magic missile is a 1st-level benchmark spell because the

potential amount of damage it deals does not exceed the

maximum listed for an arcane spell of that level. It repre-

sents the upper end of this scale (and is actually a little

overpowered) since it does not allow a save or rely on a

ranged touch attack.The sleep spell is a benchmark for the

ability to incapacitate foes. It demonstrates the limits of

incapacity at 1st level: sleep, not a more serious effect

such as death or ability drain. It can be broken with a

standard action and is limited in its number of targets.

Circle of death is a 6th-level benchmark that demon-

strates the maximum death effect for a spell of that

level. It shows that a ranged death effect is not viable

below  6th  level,  and  it  provides  an  example  of  the

maximum burst radius as well as a limit to the number

of  living  creatures  affected  (1d4  HD  per  caster  level,

maximum 20d4).

Defensive Spells: Defensive spells protect the caster

or  the  casters  party. The  list  for  each  level  usually

includes one spell that improves Armor Class or saving

throws and one that provides immunity to an attack or a

reduction in damage dealt.

Mage armor makes a good benchmark 1st-level spell: It

provides a modest increase to AC that does not stack readily

with other defenses (in this case, armor bonuses). The

endure elements spell demonstrates the limit of damage

reduction for a viable 1st-level spell.

Stoneskin is a benchmark 4th-level spell that shows the

lowest level at which damage reduction is possible. For

similar  reasons, minor  globe  of  invulnerability  is  a  good

example of where to place spell-blocking effects.

Miscellaneous Spells: Such spells usually arent used

in combat. The list for each level usually includes one

information-gathering spell and one spell that gives the

subject some special capability.

Haste and fly make good 3rd-level benchmarks, as that

is the lowest level for real physical changes rather than

illusion or assistance.

Offensive Spells: Glitterdust, Melf s acid arrow, and web.

Defensive Spells: Blur, protection from arrows, and resist

elements.

Miscellaneous Spells: Arcane lock, invisibility,knock,

and see invisibility.

3rd-Level Spells

Offensive Spells: Fireball, lightning bolt, stinking cloud,

and suggestion.

Defensive Spells: Blink, displacement, and protection

from elements.

Miscellaneous Spells: Clairaudience/clairvoyance, fly,

and haste.

4th-Level Spells

Offensive Spells: Charm monster, enervation, ice storm,

and phantasmal killer.

Defensive Spells: Minor globe of invulnerability  and

stoneskin.

Miscellaneous Spells::::: Dimensional anchor, dimension

door, improved invisibility, and polymorph self.

5th-Level Spells

Offensive Spells::::: Cloudkill, cone of cold, dominate person,

and feeblemind.

Defensive Spells: Bigbys interposing hand, wall of force,

and wall of iron.

Miscellaneous Spells: Contact other plane, lesser planar

binding, passwall, stone shape, and teleport.

6th-Level  Spells

Offensive Spells::::: Chain lightning, circle of death, disinte-

grate, and mass suggestion.

Defensive Spells::::: Antimagic field, globe of invulnerability,

and project image.

Miscellaneous Spells: Analyze dweomer, greater dispel-

ling, legend lore, mass haste, planar binding, and true seeing.

7th-Level Spells

Offensive Spells: Delayed blast fireball, finger of death,

power word stun, and prismatic spray.

Defensive Spells::::: Sequester and spell turning.

Miscellaneous Spells: Limited wish, plane shift, teleport

without error, and vision.

8th-Level Spells

Offensive Spells: Horrid wilting, mass charm, power word

blind, and trap the soul.

Defensive Spells: Iron body, mind blank, and protection

from spells.

Miscellaneous  Spells:::::  Discern  location,  etherealness,

greater planar binding, polymorph any object, and symbol.

1st-Level Spells

9th-Level Spells

Offensive Spells: Charm person, magic missile, and sleep.

Defensive  Spells: Endure  elements,  mage  armor,  and

shield.

Miscellaneous Spells: Change self, spider climb, Tensers

Offensive Spells: Dominate monster, energy drain, meteor

swarm, wail of the banshee, and weird.

Defensive Spells: Foresight, prismatic sphere, and time stop.

Miscellaneous Spells: Astral projection, gate, teleporta-

floating disk, and unseen servant.

tion circle, and wish.

82

CHAPTER  5:  SPELLS

Behind the Curtain:

Evaluating  Spells

This chapter lists a number of new arcane spells, a couple

of  which  make  good  examples  for  the  would-be  spell

researcher.

NEW SPELLS LIST

Here is a list of new spells for the sorcerer and wizard

classes. Each has a brief summary of its effect. The rest of

the chapter contains descriptions of each spell in alpha-

betical order by spell name.

Gaze Screen

Gaze screen is a new 2nd-level defensive spell (see Chap-

ter 5: Spells) created to provide some protection from

gaze attacks. These potent special attacks can devastate a

party, especially one faced with several foes that all have

the ability.

The spells effect replicates averting the eyes to avoid

looking at the threatening creature. The designer begins

by comparing it to benchmark low-level defensive spells,

as listed above. Noting that none of the benchmark 1st-

level  spells  have  a  comparable  ability,  the  designer

concludes that gaze screen should be a higher-level spell.

He also notes that gaze attacks are fairly rare, and that the

effect doesnt get any better as the casters level increases.

Thus, gaze screen is less powerful than the 3rd-level bench-

marks: blink (which can defeat almost any attack), displace-

ment (which works against melee and ranged attacks),

and  protection  from  elements  (which  can  negate  huge

amounts of energy damage when a high-level character

casts it). The most reasonable placement for gaze screen

should  be  2nd-level. To  check  his  work,  the  designer

compares the spell to the benchmark 2nd-level defensive

spells (blur, protection from arrows, and resist elements) and

finds it to be of similar utility.

Ghostform

Ghostform  is  a  new  5th-level  miscellaneous  spell  (see

Chapter 5: Spells) created to provide wizards and sorcer-

ers with both mobility and defense. The caster becomes

an incorporeal being, capable of limited interaction with

material creatures, much like a manifested ghost.

Ghostform is similar to the 3rd-level spell gaseous form,

so the designer knows the spell has to be at least that

level. It is undoubtedly more powerful than gaseous

form-but  how  much  more? The  designer  looks  at  the

benchmark 4th-level spells dimension door, improved invis-

ibility, and polymorph self. Since ghostform allows the user

to bypass any number of solid barriers as an incorporeal

creature, the spell is more powerful than dimension door,

which has a similar ability but functions only once per

casting. The designer likewise determines that the spell

is more powerful than  polymorph self, which does not

allow incorporeal forms, and improved invisibility, because

the  spells  user  can  ignore  many  different  types  of

attacks. Because ghostform affects only one creature and

does not impart any offensive capabilities, the designer

decides it is less powerful than 6th-level miscellaneous

spells such as mass haste.

The designer concludes that ghostform is on a par with

5th-level miscellaneous spells such as teleport and passwall,

because it affects only one creature and does not allow

the user to travel as far as teleport does.

0-Level Spells (Cantrips)

Trans Repair Minor Damage. Cures 1 damage to a

construct.

1st-Level Spells

Evoc Lesser Acid Orb. Ranged touch, 1d8 acid damage;

+1 orb/two levels above 1st (max +5).

Lesser  Cold  Orb.  Ranged  touch,  1d8  cold

damage; +1 orb/two levels above 1st (max +5).

Lesser Electric Orb. Ranged touch, 1d8 electric-

ity damage; +1 orb/two levels above 1st (max +5).

Lesser Fire Orb. Ranged touch, 1d8 fire damage;

+1 orb/two levels above 1st (max +5).

Lesser  Sonic  Orb.  Ranged  touch,  1d8  sonic

damage; +1 orb/two levels above 1st (max +5).

Necro Negative Energy Ray. Ranged touch, 1d6 nega-

tive energy damage; +1d6/two levels above 1st

(max 5d6).

Trans Repair  Light  Damage.  Cures  1d8+1/  level

damage (max +5) to a construct.

2nd-Level Spells

Abjur Filter. Makes subject resistant to inhaled toxins.

Gaze  Screen.  Subject  has  a  50%  chance  to

avoidgaze attacks.

Conj Choke. Target takes 1d4 points of damage each

round from strangling hands.

Ice  Knife.  Ranged  attack,  1d8  points  of  cold

damage and 2 cold Dexterity damage.

Ench Indifference.  Makes  subject  resistant  to  fear,

compulsion, and morale effects.

Illus Disguise Undead. Changes the appearance of

undead  creatures.

Necro Command Undead. An undead creature obeys

your commands and does not attack you.

False  Life.  Gain  1d10  +1/level  (max  +10)

temporary hit points.

Trans Eagles Splendor. Subject gains 1d4+1 Cha for

1hr./level.

Foxs Cunning. Subject gains 1d4+1 Int for 1hr./

level.

Owls Wisdom. Subject gains 1d4+1 Wis for 1hr./

level.

Repair Moderate Damage. Cures 2d8+1/level (max

+10) points of damage to a construct.

Univ Familiar Pocket. Creates an extradimensional

hiding place for your familiar.

3rd-Level Spells

Conj Corpse  Candle. Incorporeal hand and candle

reveals hidden creatures and objects.

Div

Arcane Sight. Magical auras become visible to

you.

83

CHAPTER  5:  SPELLS

Evoc

Ice Burst. Chunks of ice deal 1d4 points of cold

damage and 1 point of blunt damage/level (max

10d4+10), 30-ft. radius.

7th-Level  Spells

Abjur Energy Immunity. Subject is immune to damage

Necro Feign Death. Makes one willing, living creature

from one kind of energy.

appear  dead.

Negative Energy Burst, 1d8+1/level (max +10)

negative energy damage, 20-foot radius.

Trans Repair Serious Damage. Cures 3d8+1/level

(max +15) points of damage to a construct.

Univ Enhance  Familiar.  Your  familiar  gains  a  +2

modifier on saves, combat rolls, and AC for 1

hour/level.

4th-Level Spells

Abjur Mass  Resist  Elements.  As  resist  elements,

affectsone subject/level.

Otilukes Greater Dispelling Screen. Creates a

barrier that dispels magic (as greater dispelling)

on contact.

Trans Mass Teleport. As teleport, but you can move more

weight  and  do  not  have  to  accompany  what

youre teleporting.

8th-Level Spells

Abjur Dimensional  Lock. Teleportation  and  other

forms of dimensional travel are blocked for 1

day/level.

Evoc Great Shout. Devastating yell deals 20d6 sonic

Otilukes Dispelling Screen. Creates a barrier

damage; stuns creatures, damages objects.

that dispels magic on contact.

Evoc Acid Orb. Ranged touch, 1d6/level (max 15d6)

9th-Level Spells

points of acid damage divided as you see fit.

Cold Orb. Ranged touch, 1d6/level (max 15d6)

points of cold damage divided as you see fit.

Electric  Orb.  Ranged  touch,  1d6/level  (max

15d6) points of electricity damage divided as

you see fit.

Fire Orb. Ranged touch, 1d6/level (max 15d6)

points of fire damage divided as you see fit.

Sonic Orb. Ranged touch, 1d6/level (max 15d6)

points of sonic damage divided as you see fit.

Necro Negative Energy Wave. Surge of negative energy

rebukes or bolsters 1d6 HD/level (max 15d6)

worth of undead.

Trans Mass Darkvision. As darkvision, but affects all

creatures in a 10-foot-radius sphere around you.

Repair Critical Damage. Cures 4d8+1/level (max +20)

points of damage to a construct.

Univ Fortify Familiar. Your familiar gains +2 natural

armor and a 25% chance to avoid critical hits for

1 hour/level.

5th-Level  Spells

Abjur Energy  Buffer.  Absorbs  1d6/level  points  of

damage  (maximum  15d6)  from  one  kind  of

energy

Mordenkainens  Private  Sanctum.  Prevents

anyone from viewing or scrying an area for 24

hours.

Necro Spiritwall. Creates a wall of wailing spirits that

inspires fear; 1d10 points of damage and energy

drain on contact.

Trans Ghostform. You become incorporeal.

6th-Level Spells

Necro Undeath  to  Death.  Destroys  1d4  HD/level

undead (max 20d4).

Trans Mass Fly. As fly, but affects one subject/level

within range.

Univ Imbue Familiar with Spell Ability. You trans-

fer spells to your familiar.

Evoc Chain Contingency. As contingency, but you can

trigger up to three spells.

Necro Hide Life. You lock away your life force into a

small receptacle and cannot be killed while the

receptacle remains intact.

Permanence and New Spells

Using the permanency spell, you can make the following

new spell permanent with regard to yourself. For more

information, see the permanency spell description on page

234 of the Players Handbook.

Spell

Spell

Spell

Spell

Spell

Arcane sight

Minimum

Minimum

Minimum

Minimum

Minimum

Level

Level

Level

Level

Level

11th

XP  cost

XP  cost

XP  cost

XP  cost

XP  cost

1,500  XP

You can use permanency to make the following new spells

permanent on yourself, another creature, or an object

(as appropriate):

Spell

Spell

Spell

Spell

Spell

Enhance familiar

Fortify familiar

Minimum

Minimum

Minimum

Minimum

Minimum

Level

Level

Level

Level

Level

11th

12th

XP  cost

XP  cost

XP  cost

XP  cost

XP  cost

1,500  XP

2,000  XP

You  can  use  permanency  to  make  the  following  spells

permanent on objects or areas:

Spell

Spell

Spell

Spell

Spell

Familiar pocket

Otilukes dispelling screen

Mordenkainens private sanctum

Spiritwall

Otilukes greater dispelling screen

Dimensional lock

Minimum

Minimum

Minimum

Minimum

Minimum

Level

Level

Level

Level

Level

10th

12th

13th

13th

15th

16th

XP  cost

XP  cost

XP  cost

XP  cost

XP  cost

1,000  XP

2,000  XP

2,500  XP

2,500  XP

3,500  XP

4,000  XP

84

Spell  Descriptions

Absorption

Abjuration

Level: Sor/Wiz 9

Components: V, S

Casting Time: 1 action

Range: Personal

Target: You

Duration: Until expended or 10 minutes/level

Spells  (and  spell-like  effects)  targeted  against  you  are

absorbed and their energy stored until you release this

energy in spells of your own. The abjuration absorbs only

spells that have you as a target. Effect and area spells are

not affected. Absorption also fails to affect touch range

spells.

From  7-10  (1d4+6)  spell  levels  are  affected  by  the

absorption. The DM secretly rolls the exact number. Each

spell  absorbed  subtracts  its  level  from  the  amount  of

absorption left.

A spell might be only partially absorbed. Subtract the

1d4+6 result from the spell level of the incoming spell.

Divide the remaining levels of the incoming spell by the

original spell level of the incoming spell to see what frac-

tion of the effect gets through. For damaging spells, you

take that fraction of the damage.

CHAPTER  5:  SPELLS

For nondamaging spells, you have a proportional chance

to be affected. For example, you have three spell levels of

absorption remaining and a dominate monster spell strikes

you. Dominate monster is a 9th-level spell: (93)/9 leaves

6/9, or 66% of the spell. There exists a 66% chance the

spell affects you. If you are affected, any saving throw

the spell normally allows still applies.

You can use captured spell energy to cast any spell you

have prepared, without expending the preparation itself

(you must keep a running total of spell levels absorbed

and  used).  In  other  words,  the  prepared  spell  doesnt

disappear from your memory since you didnt use that

"prepared" magical energy to power the casting. If you

are  a  sorcerer,  you  can  use  stored  energy  to  cast  any

spell you know. The levels of spell energy you have stored

must be equal to or greater than the level of the spell you

want to cast, and you must (and use) have any material

components required for the spell.

Acid Orb

Evocation [Acid]

Level: Sor/Wiz 4

Components: V, S

Casting Time: 1 action

Range: Close (25 ft. +5 ft./2 levels)

Targets: One or more creatures or objects, no two of

which can be more than 30 ft. apart

Duration: Instantaneous

Saving Throw: Fortitude half (see text)

Spell Resistance: Yes

One or more orbs of acid about 3 inches across shoot

from your palm at their targets. You must succeed at a

ranged touch attack to hit your target. The orbs deal a

total of 1d6 points of acid damage per caster level (maxi-

mum 15d6), divided any way you see fit, but a single orb

must deal at least 1d6 points of damage. You declare the

damage division before making your attack rolls.

A creature struck directly takes the orbs damage and

becomes nauseated from the acids noxious fumes for 1

round. A successful Fortitude save reduces damage by

half and negates the nausea.

If you miss, acid splashes in a 10-foot burst, dealing 2

points per die of damage dealt by that orb. A successful

Reflex reduces splash damage by half.

Arcane Sight

Divination

Level: Sor/Wiz 3

Components: V, S

Casting Time: 1 action

Range: Personal

Target: You

Duration: 1 minute/level

This spell makes your eyes glow blue and allows you to

see magical auras within 120 feet of you. The effect is

similar to a detect magic spell, but works much more quickly.

You know the number of auras within your sight, and

the strength and location of each aura. An auras magic

85

CHAPTER  5:  SPELLS

school  and strength depend on a spells functioning level

or an items caster level, as noted in the description of the

detect magic spell (see page 193 of the Players Handbook).

If you spend a full-round action scrutinizing a crea-

ture within 120 feet of you, you can determine if it has

any spellcasting or spell-like abilities, whether they are

arcane or divine (spell-like abilities register as arcane),

and the strength of the most powerful ability the crea-

ture currently has available for use. In some cases, the

spell may give a deceptively low reading, such as when

you use it on a spellcaster who has used up most of her

daily spell limit.

Chain Contingency

Evocation

Level: Sor/Wiz 9

As the contingency spell, except that you can place up to

three other spells upon your person so that they come

into effect under some condition you dictate when cast-

ing  chain  contingency. The  spells  can  come  into  effect

simultaneously or one at a time, one per round.

Choke

Conjuration (Creation) [Force]

Level: Sor/Wiz 2

Components: V, S, M

Casting Time: 1 action

Range: Close (25 ft. +5 ft./2 levels)

Targets: One creature up to size Large (see text)

Duration: 1 round/level

Saving Throw: Reflex half (see text)

Spell Resistance: Yes

A pair of invisible hands made of pure force spring into

existence around the targets throat and begin to strangle

it. Only aberrations, animals, beasts, fey, giants, human-

oids, magical beasts, monstrous humanoids, outsiders,

and shapechangers can be affected. Creatures without

necks, such as beholders, cannot be affected. The hands

cannot be attacked or damaged.

The target takes 1d4 points of damage per round but

can make a Reflex save each round for half damage. All

attack  rolls  and  checks  the  target  makes  while  being

choked suffer a 2 circumstance penalty; if the check

involves speaking, the circumstance penalty is 4. Spell-

casting is possible, but the target must make a successful

Concentration  check  (DC  10+  spell  level  +  the  last

damage dealt) or lose the spell. The   2 circumstance

penalty also applies to the check, or 4 if the spell has a

verbal component.

Material Component: A handkerchief or similar-sized

piece of cloth that has been tied in a knot.

Cold Orb

Evocation [Cold]

Level: Sor/Wiz 4

As acid orb, except cold orb deals cold damage. A creature

struck directly takes the orbs damage and is blinded by a

shower of ice crystals for 1 round. A successful Fortitude

save reduces damage by half and negates the blindness.

Command Undead

Necromancy

Level: Sor/Wiz 2

Components: V, S, M

Casting Time: 1 action

Range: Close (25 ft. +5 ft./2 levels)

Targets: 1 undead creature

Duration: 1 day/level

Saving Throw: See text

Spell Resistance: Yes

This  spell  allows  you  some  degree  of  control  over  an

undead creature. Nonintelligent undead (such as skele-

tons and zombies) get no saving throw; intelligent undead

do.

When  you  control  a  mindless  being,  you  can  only

communicate basic commands, such as come here, go

there, fight, stand still, and so on. An intelligent

subject perceives your words and actions in the most

favorable way. It will hot attack you while the spell lasts.

You can try to give the subject orders, but you must win

an opposed Charisma check to convince it to do anything

it  wouldnt  ordinarily  do.  (Retries  not  allowed).  A

commanded undead never obeys suicidal or obviously

harmful orders, but it might be convinced that some-

thing very dangerous is worth doing (see the charm person

spell description on page 183 of the Players Handbook).

Any act by you or your apparent allies that threatens the

commanded undead breaks the spell.

Your commands are not telepathic. The undead crea-

ture must be able to hear you.

Material Components: A shred of raw meat and a splinter

of bone.

Corpse Candle

Conjuration (Creation)

Level: Sor/Wiz 3

Components: S, M

Casting Time: 1 action

Range: Close (25 ft. +5 ft./2 levels)

Effect: Ghostly hand and candle

Duration: 1 minute/level (D) (see text)

Saving Throw: None

Spell Resistance: No

A ghostly hand bearing a lit candle appears at the spot

you choose. The candle sheds light in a 5-foot radius. The

hand moves as you desire (no concentration required):

forward or back, up or down, straight or turning corners,

and so on The hand can move up to 50 feet per round. It

winks out if the distance between you and it exceeds the

spells range. The hand and candle are incorporeal and

can  pass  through  objects,  making  it  a  useful  tool  in

simulating hauntings.

The  corpse  candle  illuminates  hidden,  ethereal,  and

invisible beings and items, which become faintly visible

as wispy outlines. Ethereal creatures remain unreachable

86

from the Material Plane (except with force effects), but

invisible creatures have only three-quarters concealment

while within 5 feet of the candle.

The ghostly radiance also makes immaterial creatures

and items ever so slightly material (including the hand

itself ). Incorporeal creatures within 5 feet of the corpse

candle retain all the usual benefits of being incorporeal,

but they have only a 30% chance to avoid attacks from

corporeal creatures.

The hand is Diminutive, has 1 hit point per caster

level, and has AC 14+ a deflection bonus equal to your

Charisma  modifier.  It  makes  saves  as  you  do.  It  is

immune to spells that dont cause damage (other than

disintegrate). The  spell  effect  ends  if  the  hand  is

destroyed.

Material Component: A piece of a corpse that has never

been treated with any kind of preservative.

Dimensional Lock

Abjuration

Level: Clr 8, Sor/Wiz 8

Components: V, S

Casting Time: 1 action

Range: Medium (100 ft. +10 ft./level)

Area: 15-ft.radius emanation centered on a point in

space

Duration: 1 day/level

Saving Throw: None

Spell Resistance: Yes

You create a shimmering emerald field that completely

blocks physical extradimensional travel. Forms of move-

ment barred include astral projection, blink, dimension door,

ethereal jaunt, etherealness, gate, maze, phasing, plane shift,

shadow walk, teleport, and similar spell-like and psionic

abilities. Once the spell is in place, extradimensional

travel into or out of the affected area is not possible.

The dimensional lock does not interfere with the move-

ment of creatures already in ethereal or astral form when

the  spell  is  cast,  nor  does  it  block  extradimensional

perception or attack forms such as a basilisks gaze. It also

does  not  prevent  summoned  creatures  from

disappearing at the end of a summoning spell.

Disguise Undead

Illusion (Glamer)

Level: Sor/Wiz 2

Components: V, S, F

Casting Time: 1 action

Range:Touch

Target: One corporeal undead

Duration: 10 minutes/level (D)

Saving Throw: None (harmless)

As  change  self  (see  page  183  of  the Players  Handbook),

except as noted above. You determine the appearance of

the undead.

Focus: A cocoon of a deaths-head moth.

CHAPTER  5:  SPELLS

Eagles Splendor*

Transmutation

Level: Brd 2, Clr 2, Sor/Wiz 2

Components: V, S, M/DF

Casting Time: 1 action

Range:Touch

Target: Creature touched

Duration: 1 hour/level

Saving Throw: Will negates (harmless)

Spell Resistance: Yes (harmless)

The transmuted creature becomes more poised, articu-

late, and personally forceful. The spell grants an enhance-

ment  bonus  to  Charisma  of  1d4+1  points,  adding  the

usual benefits to Charisma-based skills. Sorcerers and

bards who receive eagles splendor do not gain extra spells,

but the save DCs for their spells increase.

Arcane Material Component: A few feathers or a pinch

of droppings from an eagle.

This  spell  first  appeared  in  the FORGOTTEN  REALMS

campaign setting.

Electric Orb

Evocation [Electricity]

Level: Sor/Wiz 4

As acid orb, except electric orb deals electricity damage. A

creature struck directly takes the orbs damage, and the

play of electricity leaves its metal accouterments magnet-

ized for 1 round. A creature wearing metal armor is effec-

tively entangled and suffers a 2 penalty to attack rolls

and a 4 penalty to effective Dexterity. If the surfaces

surrounding the creature are metallic, it cannot move.

Otherwise, it moves at half speed and cant run or charge.

If the creature attempts to cast a spell, it must make a

Concentration check (DC 15) or lose the spell.

A successful Fortitude save reduces damage by half

and negates the magnetism.

Energy Buffer

Abjuration

Level: Sor/Wiz 5

Components: V, S

Casting Time: 1 action

Range:Touch

Target: You

Duration: 24 hours or until discharged

This abjuration grants you protection against damage

from any type of energy: acid, cold, electricity, fire, or

sonic. The spell protects your equipment as well. When-

ever you are exposed to energy damage, a multi-hued aura

covers your body and absorbs up to 1d6 points per caster

level (maximum 15d6) of whatever type of energy trig-

gered the effect. The protective aura lasts for 1 round or

until it absorbs all the damage it can, whichever comes

first. Once the aura begins absorbing damage, you cannot

change the type of damage it absorbs.

Energy buffer overlaps (and does not stack with) endure

elements, resist elements, and protection from elements. If you

87

Familiar Pocket

Universal

Level: Sor/Wiz 2

Components: V, S, M

Casting Time: 1 action

Range:Touch

Target: One container or garment with a pocket

Duration: 1 hour/level (D)

Saving Throw: None

Spell Resistance: No

You enspell a garment or container so that it provides a

safe haven for your familiar.

The spell turns one of the target items pockets into an

extradimensional space that can hold your familiar (or

about 1 cubic foot for a Tiny or smaller creature). The

familiar fits inside without creating a noticeable bulge in

the item.

Whenever the familiar is touching you, you can whisk

it  inside  the  pocket  as  a  free  action  by  speaking  a

command word. If the familiar can speak, it can command

itself inside. The familiar can leave the space as a free

action, or you can call it forth as a free action.

Once inside, the familiar has total cover and conceal-

ment. You or the familiar can seal the pocket, making it

airtight  and  waterproof. The  air  supply  inside  the

sealed pocket lasts an hour. With the pocket open, the

familiar can remain inside indefinitely. If the spell ends

with the familiar inside the pocket, it appears in your

space, unharmed unless the area you occupy is hazardous.

CHAPTER  5:  SPELLS

are warded by energy buffer and one or more of the other

spells, the energy buffer spell absorbs damage until it is

exhausted, no matter what type of energy the other spells

ward against. If you are subjected to a second type of energy

after  energy  buffer  is  activated,  any  warding  spell  that

protects you from the second type of energy is still effective.

For example, Mialee casts energy buffer on herself and

also receives protection from elements (fire) and resist elements

(cold) from Jozan. Later, a white dragon and a group of ogres

ambush Mialees party. The ogres hurl flasks of alchemists

fire at Mialee, which triggers her energy buffer spell. The

buffer easily absorbs all the fire damage Mialee would

have suffered, and the protection from elements (fire) spell

absorbs nothing. Later, in the surprise round, the white

dragon looses its breath weapon. Because Mialees energy

buffer spell is absorbing fire damage, it is ineffective against

the cold damage the dragons breath weapon deals, but

Mialee still gets the benefit of the resist elements (cold) spell.

Energy  Immunity

Abjuration

Level: Clr 6, Drd 6, Sor/Wiz 7

Components: V, S

Casting Time: 1 action

Range:Touch

Target: Creature touched

Duration: 24 hours

Saving Throw: None

Spell Resistance: Yes

This  abjuration  grants  a  creature  complete  protection

against damage from whichever one of five energy types

you select: acid, cold, electricity, fire, or sonic. The spell

protects the recipients equipment as well.

Energy immunity absorbs only damage. The recipient

could still suffer unfortunate side effects, such as drown-

ing in acid (since drowning damage results from the lack

of oxygen), being deafened by a sonic attack, or becoming

encased in ice.

Note: Energy  immunity overlaps  (and  does  not  stack

with) endure  elements,  resist  elements,  and protection  from

elements. If a character is warded with energy immunity

and one or more of the other spells, the energy immunity

spell makes the others irrelevant.

Enhance Familiar

Universal

Level: Sor/Wiz 3

Components: V, S

Casting Time: 1 action

Range:Touch

Target: Your familiar

Duration: 1 hour/level

Saving Throw: None (harmless)

Spell Resistance: Yes

A familiar pocket is

the perfect protection for a

magical companion

You infuse your familiar with vigor. While the spell lasts,

your familiar receives a +2 competence modifier on

attack rolls, saves, and weapon damage. The familiar also

receives a +2 dodge modifier to Armor Class.

88

CHAPTER  5:  SPELLS

Creating an extradimensional space within or taking

an extradimensional space into an existing extradimen-

sional space is hazardous.

Material Components: A tiny golden needle and a strip

of fine cloth given a half-twist and fastened at the ends.

Range:Touch

Target: Creature touched

Saving Throw: Will negates (harmless)

Spell Resistance: Yes

False Life

Necromancy

Level: Sor/Wiz 2

Components: V, S, M

Casting Time: 1 full round

Range:Touch

Target: Living creature touched

Duration: 1 hour/level or until discharged (see text)

Saving Throw: Will negates (harmless)

Spell Resistance: Yes

You grant yourself limited power to avoid death.

While this spell is in effect, you gain 1d10 temporary

hit points, +1 point per level (maximum 1d10 +10).

Material  Component:  A  small  amount  of  alcohol  or

distilled spirits, which you use to trace certain sigils on

your body during casting. These sigils cannot be seen

once the alcohol or spirits evaporate.

Feign Death

Necromancy

Level: Sor/Wiz 3

Components: V, S

Casting Time: 1 action

Range: Touch

Target: One willing, living creature whose level or Hit

Dice do not exceed the casters

Duration: 1 hour/level (D)

Saving Throw: None

Spell Resistance: Yes

You put the recipient into a deathlike condition. At your

option, this can be a cataleptic state that is impossible to

distinguish from death, or the subject can appear to be in

a coma or deep sleep. Although able to smell, hear, and

know what is going on, the subject is blind and has no

sense of touch or pain. The subject does not need to eat,

drink, or breathe.

While the spell is in effect, the subject is immune to

subdual  damage,  and  any  normal  or  ability  damage

inflicted is reduced by half. In addition, the subject is

immune  to  mind-affecting  attacks,  paralysis,  poison,

disease, and energy drain. The effects of any poison or

disease already affecting the subject when the spell takes

effect are halted until the spell ends. If the subject has

any negative levels when the spell takes effect, the saving

throw to remove it is delayed until the spell ends.

Filter

Abjuration

Level: Clr 2, Drd 2, Sor/Wiz 2

Components: V,,,,, S, M/DF

Casting Time: 1 action

Duration: 10 minutes/level

This spell creates an invisible bubble of protection

around the recipients body that filters out all noxious

and  toxic  elements  in  the  air. The  warded  creature

takes no damage and no penalties from inhaled natural

or alchemical poisons. It is likewise protected against

magical poisons created by spells of 4th level or lower

(such as stinking cloud) cast by creatures of 8 or fewer

Hit Dice. Against more powerful affects, the creature

receives a +2 circumstance modifier on any saving throw

allowed.

Arcane Material Component: A strand of spider web and

a scrap of cotton cloth.

Fire Orb

Evocation [Fire]

Level: Sor/Wiz 4

As acid orb, except fire orb deals fire damage. A creature

struck directly takes the orbs damage, and the flash of

heat dazes it for 1 round. A dazed creature can take no

actions (but defends itself normally). A successful Forti-

tude save reduces damage by half and negates the daze

effect.

Fortify Familiar

Universal

Level: Sor/Wiz 4

Components: V, S

Casting Time: 1 action

Range: Touch

Target: Your familiar

Duration: 1 hour/level

Saving Throw: None (harmless)

Spell Resistance: Yes

You make your familiar tougher. While the spell lasts, it

gains a +2 enhancement modifier to natural armor and

has  a  25%  chance  to  avoid  extra  damage  from  sneak

attacks or critical hits (though the attack still deals

normal damage). The familiar also receives 2d8 tempo-

rary hit points.

Foxs Cunning

Transmutation

Level: Brd 2, Clr 2, Sor/Wiz 2

Components: V, S, M/DF

Casting Time: 1 action

Range:Touch

Target: Creature touched

Duration: 1 hour/level

Saving Throw: Will negates (harmless)

Spell Resistance: Yes (harmless)

The  transmuted  creature  becomes  smarter. The  spell

grants an enhancement bonus to Intelligence of 1d4+1

89

CHAPTER  5:  SPELLS

points, adding the usual benefits to Intelligence-related

skills. Wizards who receive foxs cunning do not gain extra

spells, but the save DCs for their spells increase.

Arcane Material Component: A few hairs, or a pinch of

dung, from a fox.

Gaze Screen

Abjuration

Level: Clr 2, Drd 2, Sor/Wiz 2

Components: V, S

Casting Time: 1 action

Duration: 10 minutes/level

Range:Touch

Target: Living creature touched

Saving Throw: Will negates (harmless)

Spell Resistance: Yes

You create a shimmering, mirrorlike area in the air before

the recipients eyes. The area moves with the recipient

and does not affect its vision. While the spell lasts, there

exists a 50% chance that a recipient subjected to a gaze

attack need not make a saving throw against the attack,

as if averting its eyes, but the foe with the gaze attack is

not concealed from the recipient (see Gaze Attacks on

page 77 of DUNGEON MASTERS Guide). The recipient gets no

additional protection from averting its eyes while the

spell lasts, but it can shut its eyes to avoid the gaze.

Ghostform

Transmutation

Level: Sor/Wiz 5

Components: V, S

Casting Time: 1 action

Range: Personal

Target: You

Duration: 1 minute/level (D)

You  assume  a  visible,  incorporeal

form similar to the form a ghost

assumes when manifesting. While

the  spell  lasts,  your  body  shifts

onto the Ethereal Plane. You

are  visible  to,  and  can  be

attacked by, creatures on the

Material Plane, but you have

no material body. You can be

harmed only by other incor-

poreal creatures, +1 or better

magic weapons, and spells,

spell-like abilities, or super-

natural abilities. You are im-

mune  to  all  nonmagical

attack  forms.  Even  when

hit by spells or magic weap-

ons, you have a 50% chance

to ignore any damage from

a corporeal source (except

for  force  effects,  such  as

magic  missile,  or  attacks

made with ghost touch weapons).

90

Creatures on the Material Plane ignore all your armor

and  natural  armor  bonuses,  but  you  gain  a  deflection

modifier equal to your Charisma modifier (always at

least +1, even if your Charisma score does not normally

provide  a  bonus). You  cannot  make  physical  attacks

against foes on the Material Plane except with ghost

touch  weapons;  in  this  case,  you  have  no  effective

Strength score, but your Dexterity modifier applies to all

your melee attack rolls. Your spells affect targets on

the Material Plane normally unless the spells rely on

touch. Your touch spells dont work on material targets.

Against foes on the Ethereal Plane, all your attacks and

defenses work normally.

While incorporeal, you cannot run, but you can fly

(perfect maneuverability) at your normal speed. You

can pass through solid objects as any incorporeal crea-

ture can.

When the spell ends, you return fully to the Material

Plane. If you return inside a material object (such as a

solid wall), you are shunted off to the nearest open space

and  take  1d6  points  of  damage  per  5  feet  that  you  so

travel.

Great Shout

Evocation [Sonic]

Level: Brd 6, Sor/Wiz 8

Components: V, S, F

Casting Time: 1 action

Range: Close (25 ft. +5 ft./2 levels)

Area: Line 5 ft. high and 5 ft. wide, and a cone (see

text)

Duration: Instantaneous

Saving Throw: See text

Spell Resistance: Yes (object)

You  emit  a  thunderous,  devas-

tating yell. The primary effect is

a line of intense sonic energy 5

feet high and 5 feet wide and

as  long  as  the  spells  range.

Stone,  crystal,  and  metal

objects in the area take 20d6

points of damage. Creatures

holding  vulnerable  objects

can attempt Reflex saves to

negate the damage. Objects

that  survive  the  spells  pri-

mary effect are not subject

to the secondary effect.

The  spells  secondary

effect  is  a  cone  of  sound

centered  on  the  line.

Creatures within the cone

take  10d6  points  of

damage,  and  are  stunned

for  1  round  and  deafened

rounds.  A

for  4d6

successful Fortitude save

negates the stunning and

halves  both  the  damage  and  the

CHAPTER  5:  SPELLS

duration of the deafness. Any exposed brittle or crys-

talline object or crystalline creature takes 1d6 points of

damage  per  caster  level  (maximum  20d6).  Creatures

holding fragile objects can negate damage to them with

successful Reflex saves.

A deafened character, in addition to the obvious effects,

suffers a 4 penalty on initiative and a 20% chance to

miscast and lose any spell with a verbal (V) component

that he tries to cast.

The great shout spell cannot penetrate the spell silence.

Arcane Focus: A small metal or ivory horn.

Ice Knife

Conjuration (Creation) [Cold]

Level: Sor/Wiz 2

Components: V S, M

Casting Time: 1 action

Range: Long (400 ft. +40 ft./level)

Effect: One icy missile

Duration: Instantaneous

Saving Throw: See text

Spell Resistance: Yes

Hide Life

Necromancy

Level: Sor/Wiz 9

Components: V; S, M, XP

Casting Time: 1 day

Range: Personal

Target: You

Duration: Instantaneous (see text)

You isolate your life force in one single part of the

body-typically the little finger on the left hand. You

can then remove this part and store it in some safe place.

Once the spell takes effect, you can no longer be killed

by  ordinary  means:  If  damage  or  a  spell  effect  would

normally render you disabled, dying, or dead, you ignore

the usual effects. Instead, you are staggered (only able to

take partial actions).

While this spell is in effect, if you would otherwise be

disabled or dying, you do not lose hit points for taking

actions or having a negative hit point total. Healing does

not automatically return you to 0 hit points but simply

adjusts your current total upward. If you would otherwise

be dead, you cannot benefit from healing and simply fall

down dead if the spell is ended.

If the hidden body part is ever destroyed, the spell is

broken and your life force returns to your body if you

would not otherwise be dead.

Material Component: A small sickle made of the purest

silver, which you use to detach the body part to be stored.

XP Cost: 5,000 XP.

Ice Burst

Evocation [Cold]

Level: Sor/Wiz 3

Components: V S, M

Casting Time: 1 action

Range: Medium (100 ft. +10 ft./level)

Area: 30-ft. -radius burst

Duration: Instantaneous

Saving Throw: Reflex half

Spell Resistance: Yes

A hail of magical ice chunks erupts from a point in space.

The chunks fly in all directions, hitting everything

within the burst. The pelting ice deals 1d4 points of cold

damage +1 point of blunt damage per caster level, to a

maximum of 10d4+10.

Material Component: A chunk of ice or a single pearl.

A magical shard of ice springs from your hand and speeds

to its target. You must succeed at a normal ranged attack

to hit. For every two caster levels, you gain a +2 modifier

on the ranged attack roll. The shard deals 1d8 points of

piercing damage, plus 1d8 points of cold damage and 2

points  of  cold  Dexterity  damage.  Creatures  that  are

immune to cold damage take no Dexterity damage. A

successful Fortitude save reduces the cold damage by

half and negates the Dexterity damage.

A miss creates a shower of ice crystals in a 10-foot-

radius  burst  centered  where  the  shard  lands  (see  the

rules for grenadelike weapons on page 138 of the Players

Handbook), The icy burst deals 1d8 points of splash damage.

A creature within the burst area can make a Reflex save

to take only half damage.

Material Component: A drop of water or piece of ice.

Imbue Familiar with Spell Ability

Universal

Level: Sor/Wiz 6

Components: V, S

Casting Time: 1 action

Range: Touch

Target: Your familiar

Duration: 1 hour/level

Saving Throw: Will negates (harmless)

Spell Resistance: Yes (harmless)

You  transfer  some  of  your  currently  prepared  spells,

and the ability to cast them, to your familiar. If you are a

sorcerer, you imbue your familiar with spells you know

how to cast.

You can imbue a maximum of one spell per three levels.

The maximum level of the spells to be imbued is one-

third of your level, rounded down (maximum 5th level).

Multiple castings of the spell do not increase these limits.

The transferred spells variable characteristics (range,

duration, area, and so on) function according to your level.

Once you cast imbue familiar with spell ability on your

familiar,  you  cannot  prepare  a  new  6th-level  spell  to

replace it until the familiar uses the transferred spells or is

slain. (If you are a sorcerer, you simply cannot cast imbue

familiar with spell ability again until the familiar uses the

imbued spells). In either case, the spell slots you transfer

are not available to you until the familiar uses them.

If  the  transferred  spells  require  focuses  or  material

components, the familiar must have them to use the

spells. Any XP costs from a transferred spell are deducted

from your total when the familiar casts the spell.

91

CHAPTER  5:  SPELLS

Indifference

Enchantment [Mind-Affecting]

Level: Sor/Wiz 2

Components: V, S, M

Casting Time: 1 full round

Range:Touch

Target: Living creature touched

Duration: 1 hour/level (D)

Saving Throw: Will negates (see text)

Spell Resistance: Yes

This  spell  drains  emotion  from  the  creature  touched.

The subject becomes immune to fear and compulsion

effects of 2nd level or lower and gains a +4 circumstance

modifier on saving throws against fear or compulsion

effects  of  3rd  level  or  higher.  Furthermore,  morale

bonuses or penalties do not affect the subject while the

spell lasts. However, the subjects lack of emotion imposes

a -4 circumstance penalty on Charisma checks.

If the subject already is under a fear or compulsion

effect when receiving this spell, a failed saving throw

ends that effect and leaves the subject dazed for 1 round.

Material Component: A small stone.

Lesser Acid Orb

Evocation [Acid]

Level: Sor/Wiz 1

Components: V, S

Casting Time: 1 action

Range: Close (25 ft. +5 ft./2 levels)

Targets:  Up  to  five  creatures  or  objects,  no  two  of

which can be more than 15 ft. apart

Duration: Instantaneous

Saving Throw: Fortitude half

Spell Resistance: Yes

An orb of acid about 2 inches across shoots from your

palm at its target, dealing 1d8 points of acid damage. You

must succeed at a ranged touch attack to hit your target.

If you miss, there is no splash damage.

For every two levels of experience past 1st, you gain

an additional orb that you shoot at the same time. You

have two at 3rd level, three at 5th level, four at 7th level,

and the maximum of five orbs at 9th level or higher. If

you shoot multiple orbs, you can have them strike a single

creature  or  several  creatures.  A  single  orb  can  strike

only  one  creature. You  must  designate  targets  before

you roll for SR or roll damage.

Lesser Cold Orb

Evocation [Cold]

Level: Sor/Wiz 1

As lesser acid orb, except lesser cold orb deals cold damage.

Lesser Electric Orb

Evocation [Electricity]

Level: Sor/Wiz 1

92

CHAPTER  5:  SPELLS

As lesser acid orb, except lesser electric orb deals electricity

damage.

As teleport,  except  as  noted  above. You  do  not  have  to

teleport yourself when you cast a mass teleport spell.

Lesser Fire Orb

Evocation [Fire]

Level: Sor/Wiz 1

As lesser acid orb, except lesser fire orb deals fire damage.

Lesser Sonic Orb

Evocation [Sonic]

Level: Sor/Wiz 1

As lesser acid orb, except lesser sonic orb deals sonic damage.

Mass Darkvision

Transmutation

Level: Sor/Wiz 4

Range: 10 feet

Targets: All creatures in a 10-ft.radius sphere around

you at the time of casting

Duration: 1 hour/level

Saving Throw: None

Spell Resistance: Yes (harmless)

As darkvision, except that all creatures in the area at the

time of casting receive the spells benefits.

Mass Fly

Transmutation

Level: Sor/Wiz 5

Components: V, S, F

Targets: One creature/level, no two of which can be

more than 30 ft. apart

As fly, except this spell confers the power of flight upon

all targeted creatures. Once a creature receives the spell,

it  must  remain  within  30  feet  of  at  least  one  other

recipient, or the spell is broken for that creature. (If only

two individuals are affected, the one moving away from

the other loses the ability to fly. If both are moving away

from each other, they both become unable to fly when

the distance between them exceeds 30 feet.)

Mass Resist Elements

Abjuration

Level: Clr 3, Drd 3, Sor/Wiz 4

Targets: One creature/level, no two of which can be

more than 30 ft. apart

As resist elements, except that it affects multiple creatures.

Mass Teleport

Transmutation [Teleportation]

Level: Sor/Wiz 7

Components: V, S

Casting Time: 1 full round

Target: Touched objects or touched willing creatures

weighing up to 100 lb./level

Mordenkainens Private Sanctum

Abjuration

Level: Sor/Wiz 5

Components: V, S, M

Casting Time: 10 minutes

Range: Close (25 ft. +5 ft/2 levels)

Area: 30-ft. cube/level (S)

Duration: 24 hours

Saving Throw: None

Spell Resistance: No

This spell insures privacy. Anyone looking into the area

from outside sees only a dark, foggy mass. Darkvision

cannot penetrate it. No sounds, no matter how loud, can

escape the area, so nobody can eavesdrop from outside.

Those inside can see out normally.

Magical scrying or divination attempts, such as detect

thoughts, clairaudience/clairvoyance, or scrying, cannot pene-

trate  the  protected  area,  and  an  arcane  eye  cannot  get

inside. The ward prevents speech between those inside

and those outside (because it blocks sound), but it does

not prevent other sorts of communication, such as sending

or message spells, or empathic communication between a

master and a familiar. Nor does it prevent creatures or

objects from moving into and out of the area.

Material Components: A thin sheet of lead, a piece of

opaque glass, a wad of cotton or cloth, and powdered

chrysolite.

Negative Energy Burst

Necromancy

Level: Sor/Wiz 3

Components: V, S

Casting Time: 1 action

Range: Close (25 ft. +5 ft./2 levels)

Effect: 20-ft.radius burst

Duration: Instantaneous

Saving Throw: Will half (see text)

Spell Resistance: Yes

You release a silent burst of negative energy from a point

you indicate.

The burst deals 1d8 points of damage to living crea-

tures  in  the  area  +1  point  per  caster  level  (maximum

1d8+10). A successful Will save reduces damage by half.

Since  undead  are  powered  by  negative  energy,  this

spell cures them of a like amount of damage, rather than

harming them.

Negative Energy Ray

Necromancy

Level: Sor/Wiz 1

Components: V, S, M

Casting Time: 1 action

Range: Close (25 ft. +5 ft./2 levels)

Effect: Ray

Duration: Instantaneous

93

CHAPTER  5:  SPELLS

Saving Throw: Will half (see text)

Spell Resistance: Yes

A ray of negative energy projects from your pointing

finger. You must succeed at a ranged touch attack with

the  ray  to  deal  damage  to  a  target. The  ray  deals  1d6

points of damage to a living creature.

For every two extra levels of experience past 1st, you

deal an extra 1d6 points of damage. You deal 2d6 at 3rd

level, 3d6 at 5th level, 4d6 at 7th level, and a maximum of

5d6 points of damage at 9th level or higher.

Since  undead  are  powered  by  negative  energy,  this

spell cures them of a like amount of damage, rather than

harming them.

Material Component: A mirror, which you break.

Negative Energy Wave

Necromancy

Level: Sor/Wiz 4

Components: V, S

Casting Time: 1 action

Range: 50 ft.

Effect: 50-ft-radius burst, centered on you

Duration: Instantaneous (see text)

Saving Throw: Will negates (see text)

Spell Resistance: Yes

You release a silent burst of negative energy from your

body.

You can affect up to 1d6 HD worth of undead creatures

per  level  (maximum  15d6). Those  closest  to  you  are

affected  first;  among  equidistant  undead  creatures,

weaker ones are affected first. The spell can have one of

two effects, which you select when you cast it.

Rebuked:The undead creatures cower as if in awe. (Treat

them as stunned.) The effect lasts 10 rounds.

Bolstered: Undead creatures gain turn resistance of 1d4

+your Charisma modifier (minimum +1). The effect lasts

10 rounds.

Otilukes Dispelling Screen

Abjuration

Level: Sor/Wiz 4

Components: V; S, M

Casting Time: 1 action

Range: Close (25 ft. +5 ft./2 levels)

Effect: Wall whose area is up to one 10ft. square/level

or a sphere or hemisphere with a radius of up to 1

ft./level

Duration: 1 minute/level (D)

Saving Throw: None

Spell Resistance: No

You create an opaque, immobile, shimmering screen of

violet energy Any creature or unattended object passing

through the screen is affected by a targeted dispel magic

cast  at  your  caster  level  (see  page  196  of  the  Players

Handbook).

You make a dispel check against the spell or against

each ongoing spell currently in effect on the object or

creature. A dispel check is 1d20 +1 per caster level (maxi-

mum +10) against a DC of 11+the spells caster level. The

screen has no effect on any items a creature carries.

If an unattended magic item passes through the screen,

you make a dispel check against the items caster level. If

you succeed, all the items magical properties are sup-

pressed for 1d4 rounds.

Spell effects that are not operating on objects or crea-

tures cannot pass through the screen. A disintegrate or

successful dispel magic spell removes Otilukes dispelling

screen, while an antimagic field suppresses it.

Material Component: A sheet of fine lead crystal.

Otilukes Greater Dispelling Screen

Abjuration

Level: Sor/Wiz 7

As Otilukes  dispelling  screen, except  that  the  maximum

bonus on the dispel check is +20 instead of +10.

Owls Wisdom

Transmutation

Level: Brd 2, Clr 2, Sor/Wiz 2

Components: V, S, M/DF

Casting Time: 1 action

Range:Touch

Target: Creature touched

Duration: 1 hour/level

Saving Throw: Will negates (harmless)

Spell Resistance: Yes (harmless)

The transmuted creature becomes wiser. The spell grants

an enhancement modifier to Wisdom of 1d4+1 points,

adding  the  usual  benefits  to  Wisdom-related  skills.

Clerics, druids, paladins, and rangers who receive owls

wisdom  do  not  gain  extra  spells,  but  the  save  DCs  for

their spells increase.

Arcane Material Component: A few feathers, or a pinch

of droppings, from an owl.

Polymorph Other

Transmutation

Level: Sor/Wiz 4

Components: V, S, M

Casting Time: 1 action

Range: Medium (100 ft. +10 ft./level)

Target: One creature

Duration: Permanent

Saving Throw: Fortitude negates (and see text)

Spell Resistance: Yes

Polymorph other changes the subject into another form of

creature.  The  new  form  can  range  in  size  from

Diminutive to one size larger than the subjects normal

form, and can have no more Hit Dice than you have, or

that the subject has (whichever is greater), and in any

case the assumed form cannot have more than 15 Hit

Dice.  You  cannot  change  subjects  into  constructs,

elementals,  outsiders,  or  undead  unless  they  already

are one of these types.

94

Upon changing, the subject regains lost hit points as if

having rested for a day (though this healing does not

restore temporary ability damage and provide other bene-

fits of resting for a day; and changing back does not heal

the creature further). If slain, the polymorphed creature

reverts to its original form, though it remains dead.

The polymorphed creature acquires the physical and

natural abilities of the creature it has been polymorphed

into while retaining its own mind. Physical abilities include

natural size and Strength, Dexterity, and Constitution

scores. Natural abilities include armor, natural weapons

(such as claws, bite, swoop and rake, and constriction;

but  not  petrification,  breath  weapons,  energy  drain,

energy effects, etc.), and similar gross physical qualities

(presence or absence of wings, number of extremities,

etc.). A body with extra limbs does not allow a character

to make more attacks (or more advantageous two-weapon

attacks)  than  normal.  Natural  abilities  also  include

mundane  movement  capabilities,  such  as  walking,

swimming, and flight with wings, but not magical flight

and other magical forms of travel, such as blink, dimension

door, phase door, plane shift, teleport, and teleport without error.

Extremely  high  speeds  for  certain  creatures  are  the

result of extraordinary or magical ability, so they are not

granted by this spell. (In general, these abilities include

nonflying speeds greater than 60 feet and flying speeds

greater than 120 feet.) Other nonmagical abilities (such

as an owls low-light vision) are considered natural abilities

and are retained.

Any  part  of  the  body  or  piece  of  equipment  that  is

separated from the whole reverts to its original form.

The  creatures  new  scores  and  faculties  are  average

ones for the race or species into which it has been trans-

formed. You cannot, for example, turn someone into a

mighty weight lifter to give the subject great Strength.

Likewise, you cannot change the subject into a bigger or

more powerful version of a creature (or a smaller, weaker

version).  Nor  can  you  turn  the  subject  into  a  variant

form  of  the  creature.  For  example,  you  can  turn  the

subject into an ogre, but not a half-dragon ogre.

The  subject  retains  its  Intelligence,  Wisdom,  and

Charisma scores, level and class, hit points (despite any

change in its Constitution score), alignment, base attack

bonus, and base save bonuses. (New Strength, Dexterity,

and Constitution scores may affect final attack and save

bonuses.) The subject retains its own type (for example,

humanoid), extraordinary abilities, spells, and spell-

like abilities, but not its supernatural abilities.

The subject does not gain the supernatural abilities

(such as breath weapons and gaze attacks) or the extraor-

dinary abilities of the new creature.

The subject can cast spells for which it has compo-

nents. It needs a humanlike voice for verbal components

and  humanlike  hands  for  somatic  components. The

subject does not gain the spell-like abilities of its new

form.

When the polymorph occurs, the creatures equipment,

if any, transforms to match the new form. If the new

form  is  a  creature  that  does  not  use  equipment

(aberration,  animal,  beast,  magical  beast,  construct,

CHAPTER  5:  SPELLS

dragon,  elemental,  ooze,  some  outsiders,  plant,  some

undead creatures, some shapechangers, or vermin), the

equipment  melds  into  the  new  form  and  becomes

nonfunctional.  Material

and

focuses melded in this way cannot be used to cast spells.

If the new form uses equipment (fey, giant, humanoid,

some  outsiders,  many  shapechangers,  many  undead

creatures), the subjects equipment changes to match the

new form and retains its properties.

components

You can freely designate the new forms minor physical

qualities (such as hair color, hair texture, and skin color)

within the normal ranges for a creature of that type. The

new forms significant physical qualities (such as height,

weight,  and  gender)  are  also  under  your  control,  but

must fall within the norms for the new forms species.

The subject can be changed into a member of its own

species or even into itself.

The subject is effectively disguised as an average member

of the new forms race. If you use this spell to create a

disguise, you get a +10 bonus on your Disguise check.

Incorporeal or gaseous forms cannot be assumed, and

incorporeal or gaseous creatures are immune to being

polymorphed.  A  natural  shapeshifter  (a  lycanthrope,

doppelganger, experienced druid, etc.) can take its natu-

ral form as a standard action.

Material Component: An empty cocoon.

Note: This version of the spell is now official and super-

sedes the version presented in the Players Handbook.

Polymorph  Self

Transmutation

Level: Rgr 4, Sor/Wiz 4

Components: V

Casting Time: 1 action

Range: Personal

Target: You

Duration: 1 hour/level (D)

As polymorph other, except that you assume the form of a

different creature.

The remainder of the Players Handbook descriptive text

of this spell no longer applies.

Note: This version of the spell is now official and super-

sedes the version presented in the Players Handbook.

Repair Critical Damage

Transmutation

Level: Sor/Wiz 4

As repair light damage, except repair critical damage repairs

4d8 points of damage +1 point per caster level (up to +20).

Repair Light Damage

Transmutation

Level: Sor/Wiz 1

Components: V, S

Casting Time: 1 action

Range:Touch

Target: Construct touched

Duration: Instantaneous

95

CHAPTER  5:  SPELLS

Saving Throw: None

Spell Resistance: Yes (harmless)

When laying your hands upon a construct that has at

least 1 hit point remaining, you transmute its structure

to repair damage it has suffered. The spell repairs 1d8

points of damage +1 point per caster level (up to +5).

Repair Minor Damage

Transmutation

Level: Sor/Wiz 0

As repair light damage, except repair minor damage repairs

only 1 point of damage.

Repair Moderate Damage

Transmutation

Level: Sor/Wiz 2

As repair light damage, except repair moderate damage repairs

2d8  points  of  damage  +1  point  per  caster  level  (up  to

+10).

Repair Serious Damage

Transmutation

Level: Sor/Wiz 3

As  repair  light  damage,

except  repair  serious

damage  repairs  3d8

points  of  damage  +1

point  per  caster  level

(up to +15).

Sonic Orb

Evocation [Sonic]

Level: Sor/Wiz 4

As  acid  orb,  except  sonic

orb deals sonic damage. A

creature  struck  directly

takes  the  orbs  damage

and  is  deafened  for  1

round.  A  deafened

creature  cannot  hear,

suffers  a  4  penalty  to

initiative checks, and has

a  20%  chance  of  spell

failure  when  casting

verbal

spells  with

components.

The

creature  cannot  make

checks.  A

Listen

successful  Fortitude

save reduces damage by

half  and  negates  the

deafening effect.

96

Spiritwall

Necromancy

Level: Sor/Wiz 5

Components: V, S, M

Casting Time: 1 action

Effect: Wall  whose  area  is  up  to  one  10-ft.  square/

level or a sphere or hemisphere with a radius of up

to 1 ft./level

Duration: 1 minute/level (D)

Saving Throw: None

Spell Resistance: No

This spell creates an immobile, swirling mass of greenish-

white forms that look like tortured spirits. One side of

the wall, selected by you, emits a low groaning that causes

creatures within a 60-foot spread to make a Will save or

flee in panic for 1d4 rounds (this is a sonic fear effect).

The barrier is semimaterial and opaque, providing total

concealment. It blocks magical effects and provides nine-

tenths cover against physical attacks. Creatures can easily

move through a spiritwall, but at a cost. A living creature

that merely touches the wall takes 1d10 points of damage

as its life force is disrupted. 1 living

creature  that  actually  passes

through  the  wall  takes  1d10

points of damage, as above,

and  must  make

a

successful Fortitude save

or  receive  one  negative

level.

Material Component: A

clear, faceted gemstone.

Undeath to Death

Necromancy

Level: Clr 6, Sor/Wiz 6

Components: V, S, M/

DF

Area:  Several  undead

creatures  within  a  50-

ft. radius burst

Saving  Throw:  Will

negates

As circle of death, except that

this  spell  destroys  undead

creatures as noted above, and

undead above 9 HD can be

affected.

Material Component: The

powder of a crushed dia-

mond worth at least 500

gp.

Hidden lore

A Tome and BloodWeb Enhancement by Skip Williams

Heres a few handy things for all you fans of arcane

spells out there. The first item is a combined list of sor-

cerer/wizard spells from the Players Handbook and

Tome and Blood,with short descriptions of each spell.

Its handy for comparing the new spells from Tome and

Bloodwith the traditional fare from the Players Hand-

book.

SORCERER AND

WIZARD SPELLS

0-LEVEL SORCERER AND

WIZARD SPELLS (CANTRIPS)

Abjur RReessiissttaannccee.. Subject gains +1 on saving throws.

Conj RRaayy  ooff  FFrroosstt.. Ray deals 1d3 cold damage.

Div

DDeetteecctt  PPooiissoonn.. Detects poison in one creature

or small object.

Ench DDaazzee.. Creature loses next action.

Evoc DDaanncciinngg  LLiigghhttss.. Creates torches or other lights.

FFllaarree.. Dazzles one creature (1 attack).

LLiigghhtt.. Object shines like a torch.

Illus GGhhoosstt  SSoouunndd.. Figment sounds.

Necro DDiissrruupptt  UUnnddeeaadd.. Deals 1d6 damage to one

undead.

Trans MMaaggee  HHaanndd.. 5-pound telekinesis.

MMeennddiinngg.. Makes minor repairs on an object.

OOppeenn//CClloossee.. Opens or closes small or light

things.

RReeppaaiirr  MMiinnoorr  DDaammaaggee.. Cures 1 damage to a

construct.

Univ AArrccaannee  MMaarrkk.. Inscribes a personal rune (visible

or invisible).

DDeetteecctt  MMaaggiicc.. Detects spells and magic items

within 60 ft.

PPrreessttiiddiiggiittaattiioonn.. Performs minor tricks.

RReeaadd  MMaaggiicc.. Read scrolls and spellbooks.

1st-level Sorcerer and Wizard

Spells

Abjur AAllaarrmm.. Wards an area for 2 hours/level.

EEnndduurree  EElleemmeennttss.. Ignores 5 damage/round

from one energy type.

HHoolldd  PPoorrttaall.. Holds door shut.

PPrrootteeccttiioonn  ffrroomm  CChhaaooss//EEvviill//GGoooodd//

LLaaww.. +2 AC and saves, counter mind

control, hedge out elementals and

outsiders.

SShhiieelldd.. Invisible disc gives cover,

blocks magic missiles.

Editing:

Conj GGrreeaassee.. Makes 10-ft. square or one

Div

object slippery.

MMaaggee  AArrmmoorr.. Gives subject +4 armor

bonus.

MMoouunntt.. Summons riding horse for

2 hr./level.

OObbssccuurriinngg  MMiisstt.. Fog surrounds you.

SSuummmmoonn  MMoonnsstteerr  II.. Calls outsider

to fight for you.

UUnnsseeeenn  SSeerrvvaanntt.. Invisible force

obeys your commands.

CCoommpprreehheenndd  LLaanngguuaaggeess..

Understands all spoken and written

languages.

DDeetteecctt  SSeeccrreett  DDoooorrss.. Reveals hidden

doors within 60 ft.

DDeetteecctt  UUnnddeeaadd.. Reveals undead

within 60 ft.

IIddeennttiiffyy.. Determines single feature

of magic item.

TTrruuee  SSttrriikkee.. Adds +20 bonus to your

next attack roll.

Additional Credits

Jesse Decker and

Julia Martin

Web Production:

Julia Martin

Web Development:

Mark A. Jindra

Graphic Design: Sean Glenn,

Cynthia Fliege

Based on the original

DUNGEONS & DRAGONS game by

E. Gary Gygax and Dave Arneson

and on the new edition of the

DUNGEONS & DRAGONS game

designed by Jonathan Tweet,

Monte Cook, Skip Williams,

Rich Baker, and Peter Adkison.

D&D, DUNGEONS & DRAGONS, and DUNGEON

MASTER are registered trademarks owned by

Wizards of the Coast, Inc. All Wizards charac-

ters, character names, and the distinctive like-

nesses thereof are trademarks owned by

Wizards of the Coast, Inc.

This material is protected under the copyright

laws of the United States of America. Any

reproduction or unauthorized use of the mate-

rial or artwork contained herein is prohibited

without the express written permission of

Wizards of the Coast, Inc.

This product is a work of fiction. Any similarity

to actual people, organizations, places, or

events is purely coincidental.

2001 Wizards of the Coast, Inc. All rights

reserved. Made in the U.S.A.

Ench CChhaarrmm  PPeerrssoonn.. Makes one person

your friend.

HHyyppnnoottiissmm.. Fascinates 2d4 HD of creatures.

SSlleeeepp.. Put 2d4 HD of creatures into comatose

slumber.

LLeesssseerr  AAcciidd  OOrrbb.. Ranged touch, 1d8 acid

damage; +1 orb/two levels above 1st (max 5

orbs).

LLeesssseerr  CCoolldd  OOrrbb.. Ranged touch, 1d8 cold

Evoc

1

damage; +1 orb/two levels above 1st (max 5

orbs).

LLeesssseerr  EElleeccttrriicc  OOrrbb.. Ranged touch, 1d8

electricity damage; +1 orb/two levels above 1st

(max 5 orbs).

LLeesssseerr  FFiirree  OOrrbb.. Ranged touch, 1d8

fire damage; +1 orb/two levels above 1st

(max 5 orbs).

LLeesssseerr  SSoonniicc  OOrrbb.. Ranged touch, 1d8 sonic

damage; +1 orb/two levels above 1st

(max 5 orbs).

MMaaggiicc  MMiissssiillee.. 1d4+1 damage; +1 missile/two

levels above 1st (max 5).

TTeennsseerrss  FFllooaattiinngg  DDiisskk.. 3-ft.-diameter

horizontal disk that holds 100 lb./level.

Illus CChhaannggee  SSeellff.. Changes your appearance.

CCoolloorr  SSpprraayy.. Knocks unconscious, blinds, or

stuns 1d6 weak creatures.

NNyyssttuullss  MMaaggiiccaall  AAuurraa.. Grants object false

magic aura.

NNyyssttuullss  UUnnddeetteeccttaabbllee  AAuurraa.. Masks magic

items aura.

SSiilleenntt  IImmaaggee.. Creates minor illusion of your

design.

VVeennttrriillooqquuiissmm.. Throws voice for 1 min./level.

Necro CCaauussee  FFeeaarr.. One creature flees for 1d4 rounds.

CChhiillll  TToouucchh.. 1 touch/level deals 1d6 damage

and possibly 1 Str damage.

NNeeggaattiivvee  EEnneerrggyy  RRaayy. Ranged touch, 1d6

negative energy damage; +1d6/two levels

above 1st (max 5d6).

RRaayy  ooff  EEnnffeeeebblleemmeenntt.. Ray reduces Str by 1d6

points +1 point/two levels.

Trans AAnniimmaattee  RRooppee.. Makes a rope move at your

command.

BBuurrnniinngg  HHaannddss.. 1d4 fire damage/level

(max: 5d4).

EEnnllaarrggee.. Object or creature grows +10%/level

(max +50%).

EErraassee.. Mundane or magical writing vanishes.

EExxppeeddiittiioouuss  RReettrreeaatt.. Doubles your speed.

FFeeaatthheerr  FFaallll.. Objects or creatures fall slowly.

JJuummpp.. Subject gets +30 on Jump checks.

MMaaggiicc  WWeeaappoonn.. Weapon gains +1 bonus.

MMeessssaaggee.. Whispered conversation at distance.

RReedduuccee.. Object or creature shrinks

10%/level (max 50%).

RReeppaaiirr  LLiigghhtt  DDaammaaggee.. Cures 1d8+1/level

damage (max +5) to a construct.

SShhoocckkiinngg  GGrraasspp.. Touch delivers 1d8 +1/level

electricity.

SSppiiddeerr  CClliimmbb.. Grants ability to walk on walls

and ceilings.

2ND-LEVEL SORCERER AND

WIZARD SPELLS

Abjur AArrccaannee  LLoocckk.. Magically locks a portal or chest.

FFiilltteerr.. Makes subject resistant to inhaled toxins.

GGaazzee  SSccrreeeenn.. Subject has a 50% chance to avoid

gaze attacks.

OObbssccuurree  OObbjjeecctt.. Masks object against

divination.

PPrrootteeccttiioonn  ffrroomm  AArrrroowwss.. Subject immune

to most ranged attacks.

RReessiisstt  EElleemmeennttss.. Ignores 12 damage/round

from one energy type.

Conj CChhookkee.. Target takes 1d4 points of damage each

round from strangling hands.

FFoogg  CClloouudd.. Fog obscures vision.

GGlliitttteerrdduusstt.. Blinds creatures, outlines invisible

creatures.

IIccee  KKnniiffee.. Ranged attack, 1d8 points of cold

damage and 2 cold Dexterity damage.

MMeellff  ss  AAcciidd  AArrrrooww. Ranged touch attack; 2d4

damage for 1 round + 1 round/three levels.

SSuummmmoonn  MMoonnsstteerr  IIII.. Calls outsider to fight

for you.

SSuummmmoonn  SSwwaarrmm.. Summons swarm of small

crawling or flying creatures.

WWeebb.. Fills 20-ft. radius spread with sticky

spider webs.

DDeetteecctt  TThhoouugghhttss.. Allows listening to surface

thoughts.

LLooccaattee  OObbjjeecctt.. Senses direction toward object

(specific or type).

SSeeee  IInnvviissiibbiilliittyy.. Reveals invisible creatures

or objects.

Div

Ench IInnddiiffffeerreennccee..  Makes subject resistant to fear,

compulsion, and morale effects.

TTaasshhaass  HHiiddeeoouuss  LLaauugghhtteerr.. Subject loses actions

for 1d3 rounds.

Evoc CCoonnttiinnuuaall  FFllaammee.. Makes a permanent, heatless

torch.

DDaarrkknneessss.. 20-ft. radius of supernatural

darkness.

DDaayylliigghhtt..  60-ft. radius of bright light.

FFllaammiinngg  SSpphheerree.. Rolling ball of fire, 2d6

damage, lasts 1 round/level.

SShhaatttteerr.. Sonic vibration damages objects or

2

Illus

crystalline creatures.

BBlluurr.. Attacks miss subject 20% of the time.

DDiissgguuiissee  UUnnddeeaadd.. Changes the appearance of

undead creatures.

HHyyppnnoottiicc  PPaatttteerrnn.. Fascinates 2d4+1 HD/level

of creatures.

IInnvviissiibbiilliittyy. Subject is invisible for

10 min./level or until it attacks.

LLeeoommuunnddss  TTrraapp..  Makes item seem trapped.

MMaaggiicc  MMoouutthh.. Speaks once when triggered.

MMiinnoorr  IImmaaggee.. As silent image,plus some

sound.

MMiirrrroorr  IImmaaggee.. Creates decoy duplicates of

you (1d4 +1/three levels, max 8).

MMiissddiirreeccttiioonn.. Misleads divinations for

one creature or object.

Necro CCoommmmaanndd  UUnnddeeaadd.. An undead creature obeys

your commands and does not attack you.

FFaallssee  LLiiffee.. Gain 1d10+1/level (max +10)

temporary hit points.

GGhhoouull  TToouucchh.. Paralyzes one subject, who

exudes stench (2 penalty) nearby.

SSccaarree.. Panics creatures of less than 6 HD

(15-ft. radius).

SSppeeccttrraall  HHaanndd.. Creates disembodied glowing

hand to deliver touch attacks.

Trans AAlltteerr  SSeellff.. As change self,plus more

drastic changes.

BBlliinnddnneessss//DDeeaaffnneessss.. Makes subject blind

or deaf.

BBuullllss  SSttrreennggtthh.. Subject gains 1d4+1 Str

for 1 hr./level.

CCaattss  GGrraaccee.. Subject gains 1d4+1 Dex

for 1 hr./level.

DDaarrkkvviissiioonn.. See 60 ft. in total darkness.

EEaagglleess  SSpplleennddoorr.. Subject gains 1d4+1 Cha

for 1 hr./level.

EEnndduurraannccee.. Subject gains 1d4+1 Con

for 1 hr./level.

FFooxxss  CCuunnnniinngg.. Subject gains 1d4+1 Int

for 1 hr./level.

KKnnoocckk.. Opens locked or magically sealed door.

LLeevviittaattee.. Subject moves up and down at

your direction.

OOwwllss  WWiissddoomm.. Subject gains 1d4+1 Wis

for 1 hr./level.

PPyyrrootteecchhnniiccss.. Turns fire into blinding light

or choking smoke.

RReeppaaiirr  MMooddeerraattee  DDaammaaggee.. Cures 2d8+1/level

(max +10) points of damage to a construct.

RRooppee  TTrriicckk.. Up to eight creatures hide

in extradimensional space.

WWhhiissppeerriinngg  WWiinndd.. Sends a short message one

mile/level.

Univ FFaammiilliiaarr  PPoocckkeett.. Creates an extradimensional

hiding place for your familiar.

3RD-LEVEL SORCERER AND

WIZARD SPELLS

Abjur DDiissppeell  MMaaggiicc.. Cancels magical spells

and effects.

EExxpplloossiivvee  RRuunneess.. Deals 6d6 damage when read.

MMaaggiicc  CCiirrccllee  aaggaaiinnsstt  CChhaaooss//EEvviill//GGoooodd//LLaaww.. As

protection spells, but 10-ft. radius and

10 min./level.

NNoonnddeetteeccttiioonn.. Hides subject from divination,

scrying.

PPrrootteeccttiioonn  ffrroomm  EElleemmeennttss.. Absorb 12

damage/level from one kind of energy.

Conj CCoorrppssee  CCaannddllee.. Incorporeal hand and candle

reveals hidden creatures and objects.

FFllaammee  AArrrrooww.. Shoots flaming projectiles (extra

damage) or fiery bolts (4d6 damage).

PPhhaannttoomm  SStteeeedd.. Magical horse appears for

1 hour/level.

SSeeppiiaa  SSnnaakkee  SSiiggiill.. Creates text symbol that

immobilizes reader.

SSlleeeett  SSttoorrmm..  Hampers vision and movement.

SSttiinnkkiinngg  CClloouudd.. Nauseating vapors,

1 round/level.

SSuummmmoonn  MMoonnsstteerr  IIIIII.. Calls outsider to fight

for you.

AArrccaannee  SSiigghhtt.. Magical auras become visible

to you.

CCllaaiirraauuddiieennccee//CCllaaiirrvvooyyaannccee.. Hear or see at a

distance for 1 min./level.

TToonngguueess.. Speak any language.

Div

Ench HHoolldd  PPeerrssoonn.. Holds one person helpless;

Evoc

1 round/level.

SSuuggggeessttiioonn.. Compels subject to follow stated

course of action.

IIccee  BBuurrsstt.. Chunks of ice deal 1d4 points of cold

damage and 1 point of blunt damage/level

(max 10d4+10), 30-ft. radius.

FFiirreebbaallll.. 1d6 damage per level, 20-ft. radius.

GGuusstt  ooff  WWiinndd.. Blows away or knocks down

smaller creatures.

LLeeoommuunnddss  TTiinnyy  HHuutt.. Creates shelter for

10 creatures.

3

LLiigghhttnniinngg  BBoolltt.. Electricity deals

1d6 damage/level.

WWiinndd  WWaallll.. Deflects arrows, smaller creatures,

and gases.

Illus DDiissppllaacceemmeenntt.. Attacks miss subject 50%.

IIlllluussoorryy  SSccrriipptt.. Only intended reader can

decipher.

IInnvviissiibbiilliittyy  SSpphheerree.. Makes everyone within

10 ft. invisible.

MMaajjoorr  IImmaaggee..  As silent image,plus sound, smell

and thermal effects.

Necro FFeeiiggnn  DDeeaatthh.. Makes one willing, living creature

appear dead.

GGeennttllee  RReeppoossee.. Preserves one corpse.

HHaalltt  UUnnddeeaadd.. Immobilizes undead for

1 round/level.

NNeeggaattiivvee  EEnneerrggyy  BBuurrsstt.. 1d8+1/level (max +10)

negative energy damage, 20-foot radius.

VVaammppiirriicc  TToouucchh.. Touch deals 1d6/two caster

levels; caster gains damage as hp.

Trans BBlliinnkk.. You randomly vanish and reappear for

1 round/level.

FFllyy.. Subject flies at speed of 90.

GGaasseeoouuss  FFoorrmm.. Subject becomes insubstantial

and can fly slowly.

GGrreeaatteerr  MMaaggiicc  WWeeaappoonn.. +1/three levels

(max +5).

HHaassttee.. Extra partial action and +4 AC.

KKeeeenn  EEddggee.. Doubles normal weapons threat

range.

RReeppaaiirr  SSeerriioouuss  DDaammaaggee.. Cures 3d8+1/level

(max +15) points of damage to a construct.

SSeeccrreett  PPaaggee.. Changes one page to hide its real

content.

SShhrriinnkk  IItteemm.. Object shrinks to one-twelfth

size.

SSllooww.. One subject/level takes only partial

actions, 2 AC, 2 melee rolls.

WWaatteerr  BBrreeaatthhiinngg.. Subjects can breathe

underwater.

Univ EEnnhhaannccee  FFaammiilliiaarr.. Your familiar gains a +2

modifier on saves, combat rolls, and AC for

1 hour/level.

4TH-LEVEL SORCERER AND

WIZARD SPELLS

Abjur DDiimmeennssiioonnaall  AAnncchhoorr.. Bars extradimensional

movement.

FFiirree  TTrraapp.. Opened object deals 1d4 +1/level

damage.

MMaassss  RReessiisstt  EElleemmeennttss.. As resist elements,

affects one subject/level.

MMiinnoorr  GGlloobbee  ooff  IInnvvuullnneerraabbiilliittyy.. Stops 1st-

through 3rd-level spell effects.

OOttiilluukkeess  DDiissppeelllliinngg  SSccrreeeenn.. Creates a barrier

that dispels magic on contact.

RReemmoovvee  CCuurrssee.. Frees object or person from

curse.

SSttoonneesskkiinn.. Stops blows, cuts, stabs, and slashes.

Conj EEvvaarrddss  BBllaacckk  TTeennttaacclleess.. 1d4 +1/level tentacles

grapple randomly within 15 ft.

LLeeoommuunnddss  SSeeccuurree  SShheelltteerr.. Creates sturdy

cottage.

MMiinnoorr  CCrreeaattiioonn.. Creates one cloth or wood

object.

SSoolliidd  FFoogg.. Blocks vision and slows movement.

SSuummmmoonn  MMoonnsstteerr  IIVV.. Calls outsider to fight

for you.

AArrccaannee  EEyyee.. Invisible floating eye moves

30 ft./round.

DDeetteecctt  SSccrryyiinngg.. Alerts you of magical

eavesdropping.

LLooccaattee  CCrreeaattuurree.. Indicates direction to familiar

creature.

SSccrryyiinngg..  Spies on subject from a distance.

Ench CChhaarrmm  MMoonnsstteerr..  Makes monster believe it is

Div

your ally.

CCoonnffuussiioonn.. Makes subject behave oddly for

1 round/level.

EEmmoottiioonn.. Arouses strong emotion in subject.

LLeesssseerr  GGeeaass.. Commands subject of 7 HD or less.

Evoc  AAcciidd  OOrrbb.. Ranged touch, 1d6/level (max 15d6)

points of acid damage divided as you see fit.

CCoolldd  OOrrbb..  Ranged touch, 1d6/level (max 15d6)

points of cold damage divided as you see fit.

EElleeccttrriicc  OOrrbb.. Ranged touch, 1d6/level

(max 15d6) points of electricity damage divided

as you see fit.

FFiirree  SShhiieelldd.. Creatures attacking you take fire

damage; youre protected from heat or cold.

FFiirree  OOrrbb.. Ranged touch, 1d6/level (max 15d6)

points of fire damage divided as you see fit.

IIccee  SSttoorrmm.. Hail deals 5d6 damage in cylinder

40 ft. across.

OOttiilluukkeess  RReessiilliieenntt  SSpphheerree.. Force globe protects

but traps one subject.

SShhoouutt.. Deafens all within cone and deals

2d6 damage.

SSoonniicc  OOrrbb..  Ranged touch, 1d6/level (max 15d6)

4

points of sonic damage divided as you see fit.

WWaallll  ooff  FFiirree.. Deals 2d4 fire damage out to 10 ft.

and 1d4 out to 20 ft. Passing through wall deals

2d6 +1/level.

WWaallll  ooff  IIccee.. Ice plane creates wall with 15 hp

+1/level, or hemisphere can trap creatures

inside.

Illus HHaalllluucciinnaattoorryy  TTeerrrraaiinn.. Makes one type of

terrain appear like another (field into forest,

etc.).

IIlllluussoorryy  WWaallll.. Wall, floor, or ceiling looks real,

but anything can pass through.

IImmpprroovveedd  IInnvviissiibbiilliittyy.. As invisibility, but

subject can attack and stay invisible.

PPhhaannttaassmmaall  KKiilllleerr.. Fearsome illusion kills

subject or deals 3d6 damage.

RRaaiinnbbooww  PPaatttteerrnn.. Lights prevent 24 HD of

creatures from attacking or moving away.

SShhaaddooww  CCoonnjjuurraattiioonn.. Mimics conjuring below

4th level.

Necro CCoonnttaaggiioonn.. Infects subject with chosen disease.

EEnneerrvvaattiioonn.. Subject gains 1d4 negative levels.

FFeeaarr.. Subjects within cone flee for

1 round/level.

NNeeggaattiivvee  EEnneerrggyy  WWaavvee.. Surge of negative

energy rebukes or bolsters 1d6 HD/level

(max 15d6) worth of undead.

Trans BBeessttooww  CCuurrssee.. 6 to an ability; 4 on attacks,

saves, and checks; or 50% chance of losing each

action.

DDiimmeennssiioonn  DDoooorr.. Teleports you and up to

500 lb.

MMaassss  DDaarrkkvviissiioonn.. As darkvision, but affects all

creatures in a 10-foot-radius sphere around you.

PPoollyymmoorrpphh  OOtthheerr.. Gives one subject a new

form.

PPoollyymmoorrpphh  SSeellff.. You assume a new form.

RRaarryyss  MMnneemmoonniicc  EEnnhhaanncceerr.. Prepares extra

spells or retains one just cast. Wizard only.

RReeppaaiirr  CCrriittiiccaall  DDaammaaggee.. Cures 4d8+1/level

(max +20) points of damage to a construct.

Univ FFoorrttiiffyy  FFaammiilliiaarr.. Your familiar gains +2 natural

armor and a 25% chance to avoid critical hits for

1 hour/level.

5TH-LEVEL SORCERER AND

WIZARD SPELLS

Abjur DDiissmmiissssaall.. Forces a creature to return to native

plane.

EEnneerrggyy  BBuuffffeerr.. Absorbs 1d6/level points of

damage (maximum 15d6) from one kind of

energy.

MMoorrddeennkkaaiinneennss  PPrriivvaattee  SSaannccttuumm.. Prevents

anyone from viewing or scrying an area for

24 hours.

Conj CClloouuddkkiillll.. Kills 3 HD or less; 46 HD save

or die.

LLeeoommuunnddss  SSeeccrreett  CChheesstt.. Hides expensive chest

on Ethereal Plane; you retrieve it at will.

LLeesssseerr  PPllaannaarr  BBiinnddiinngg.. Traps outsider until it

performs a task.

MMaajjoorr  CCrreeaattiioonn.. As minor creation, plus stone

and metal.

MMoorrddeennkkaaiinneennss  FFaaiitthhffuull  HHoouunndd.. Phantom dog

can guard, attack.

SSuummmmoonn  MMoonnsstteerr  VV.. Calls outsider to fight for

you.

WWaallll  ooff  IIrroonn.. 30 hp/four levels; can topple onto

foes.

WWaallll  ooff  SSttoonnee.. Creates a stone wall that can be

shaped.

CCoonnttaacctt  OOtthheerr  PPllaannee.. Ask question of

extraplanar entity.

PPrryyiinngg  EEyyeess.. 1d4 floating eyes +1/level scout

for you.

RRaarryyss  TTeelleeppaatthhiicc  BBoonndd.. Link lets allies

communicate.

Div

Ench DDoommiinnaattee  PPeerrssoonn.. Controls humanoid

telepathically.

FFeeeebblleemmiinndd.. Subjects Int drops to 1.

HHoolldd  MMoonnsstteerr.. As hold person, but any

creature.

MMiinndd  FFoogg.. Subjects in fog get 10 Wis, Will

checks.

Evoc BBiiggbbyyss  IInntteerrppoossiinngg  HHaanndd.. Hand provides 90%

cover against one opponent.

CCoonnee  ooff  CCoolldd.. 1d6 cold damage/level.

SSeennddiinngg.. Delivers short message anywhere,

instantly.

WWaallll  ooff  FFoorrccee.. Wall is immune to damage.

Illus DDrreeaamm..  Sends message to anyone sleeping.

FFaallssee  VViissiioonn.. Fools scrying with an illusion.

GGrreeaatteerr  SShhaaddooww  CCoonnjjuurraattiioonn.. As shadow

conjuration, but up to 4th level and 40% real.

MMiirraaggee  AArrccaannaa.. As hallucinatory terrain, plus

structures.

NNiigghhttmmaarree..  Sends vision dealing 1d10 damage,

fatigue.

PPeerrssiisstteenntt  IImmaaggee.. As major image, but no

5

concentration required.

SSeeeemmiinngg.. Changes appearance of one

person/two levels.

SShhaaddooww  EEvvooccaattiioonn.. Mimics evocation less than

5th level.

Necro AAnniimmaattee  DDeeaadd.. Creates undead skeletons and

zombies.

MMaaggiicc  JJaarr.. Enables possession of another

creature.

SSppiirriittwwaallll.. Creates a wall of wailing spirits that

inspires fear; 1d10 points of damage and energy

drain on contact.

Trans AAnniimmaall  GGrroowwtthh.. One animal/two levels

doubles in size, HD.

FFaabbrriiccaattee.. Transforms raw materials into

finished items.

GGhhoossttffoorrmm.. You become incorporeal.

PPaasssswwaallll.. Breaches walls 1 ft. thick/level.

SSttoonnee  SShhaappee.. Sculpts stone into any shape.

TTeelleekkiinneessiiss.. Lifts or moves 25 lb./level at long

range.

TTeelleeppoorrtt.. Instantly transports you anywhere.

TTrraannssmmuuttee  MMuudd  ttoo  RRoocckk.. Transforms two 10-ft.

cubes/level.

TTrraannssmmuuttee  RRoocckk  ttoo  MMuudd.. Transforms two 10-ft.

cubes/level.

Univ PPeerrmmaanneennccyy.. Makes certain spells permanent;

costs XP.

6TH-LEVEL SORCERER AND

WIZARD SPELLS

Abjur AAnnttiimmaaggiicc  FFiieelldd.. Negates magic within 10 ft.

GGlloobbee  ooff  IInnvvuullnneerraabbiilliittyy.. As minor globe, plus

4th level.

GGrreeaatteerr  DDiissppeelllliinngg.. As dispel magic, but +20 on

check.

GGuuaarrddss  aanndd  WWaarrddss.. Array of magic effects

protect area.

RReeppuullssiioonn.. Creatures cant approach you.

Conj AAcciidd  FFoogg.. Fog deals acid damage.

Div

PPllaannaarr  BBiinnddiinngg.. As lesser planar binding, but up

to 16 HD.

SSuummmmoonn  MMoonnsstteerr  VVII.. Calls outsider to fight for

you.

AAnnaallyyzzee  DDwweeoommeerr.. Reveals magical aspects of

subject.

LLeeggeenndd  LLoorree.. Learn tales about a person, place,

or thing.

TTrruuee  SSeeeeiinngg.. See all things as they really are.

Ench GGeeaass//QQuueesstt.. As lesser geas, plus it affects any

creature.

MMaassss  SSuuggggeessttiioonn.. As suggestion, plus one/level

subjects.

Evoc BBiiggbbyyss  FFoorrcceeffuull  HHaanndd.. Hand pushes creatures

away.

CChhaaiinn  LLiigghhttnniinngg.. 1d6 damage/level; secondary

bolts.

CCoonnttiinnggeennccyy.. Sets trigger condition for another

spell.

OOttiilluukkeess  FFrreeeezziinngg  SSpphheerree.. Freezes water or

deals cold damage.

Illus GGrreeaatteerr  SShhaaddooww  EEvvooccaattiioonn.. As shadow

evocation, but up to 5th level.

MMiisslleeaadd.. Turns you invisible and creates

illusory double.

PPeerrmmaanneenntt  IImmaaggee.. Includes sight, sound, and

smell.

PPrrooggrraammmmeedd  IImmaaggee.. As major image, plus

triggered by event.

PPrroojjeecctt  IImmaaggee.. Illusory double can talk and cast

spells.

SShhaaddeess.. As shadow conjuration, but up to 5th

level and 60% real.

VVeeiill..  Changes appearance of group of creatures.

Necro CCiirrccllee  ooff  DDeeaatthh.. Kills 1d4 HD/level.

UUnnddeeaatthh  ttoo  DDeeaatthh.. Destroys 1d4 HD/level

undead (max 20d4).

Trans Control Water. Raises or lowers bodies of

water.

CCoonnttrrooll  WWeeaatthheerr.. Changes weather in local

area.

DDiissiinntteeggrraattee.. Makes one creature or object

vanish.

EEyyeebbiittee.. Charm, fear, sicken or sleep one

subject.

FFlleesshh  ttoo  SSttoonnee.. Turns subject creature into

statue.

MMaassss  FFllyy. As fly, but affects one subject/level

within range.

MMaassss  HHaassttee.. As haste, affects one/level subjects.

MMoorrddeennkkaaiinneennss  LLuuccuubbrraattiioonn.. Recalls spell of

5th level or less. Wizard only.

MMoovvee  EEaarrtthh.. Digs trenches and build hills.

SSttoonnee  ttoo  FFlleesshh..  Restores petrified creature.

TTeennsseerrss  TTrraannssffoorrmmaattiioonn.. You gain combat

bonuses.

IImmbbuuee  FFaammiilliiaarr  wwiitthh  SSppeellll  AAbbiilliittyy..  You transfer

spells to your familiar.

Univ

6

7TH-LEVEL SORCERER AND

WIZARD SPELLS

Abjur BBaanniisshhmmeenntt.. Banishes 2 HD/level extraplanar

creatures.

EEnneerrggyy  IImmmmuunniittyy.. Subject is immune to

damage from one kind of energy.

OOttiilluukkeess  GGrreeaatteerr  DDiissppeelllliinngg  SSccrreeeenn.. Creates a

barrier that dispels magic (as greater dispelling)

on contact.

SSeeqquueesstteerr.. Subject is invisible to sight and

scrying.

SSppeellll  TTuurrnniinngg..  Reflect 1d4+6 spell levels back at

caster.

Conj DDrraawwmmiijjss  IInnssttaanntt  SSuummmmoonnss.. Prepared object

appears in your hand.

MMoorrddeennkkaaiinneennss  MMaaggnniiffiicceenntt  MMaannssiioonn.. Door

leads to extradimensional mansion.

PPhhaassee  DDoooorr..  Invisible passage through wood or

stone.

PPoowweerr  WWoorrdd,,  SSttuunn.. Stuns creature with up to

150 hp.

SSuummmmoonn  MMoonnsstteerr  VVIIII..  Calls outsider to fight

for you.

GGrreeaatteerr  SSccrryyiinngg.. As scrying,but faster and

longer.

VViissiioonn..  As legend lore,but quicker and

strenuous.

Div

Ench IInnssaanniittyy..  Subject suffers continuous confusion.

Evoc BBiiggbbyyss  GGrraassppiinngg  HHaanndd.. Hand provides cover,

pushes, or grapples.

DDeellaayyeedd  BBllaasstt  FFiirreebbaallll.. 1d8 fire damage/level;

you can delay blast for 5 rounds.

FFoorrcceeccaaggee.. Cube of force imprisons all inside.

MMoorrddeennkkaaiinneennss  SSwwoorrdd.. Floating magic blade

strikes opponents.

PPrriissmmaattiicc  SSpprraayy.. Rays hit subjects with variety

of effects.

Illus MMaassss  IInnvviissiibbiilliittyy.. As invisibility, but affects all

in range.

SShhaaddooww  WWaallkk.. Step into shadow to travel

rapidly.

SSiimmuullaaccrruumm..  Creates partially real double of a

creature.

Necro CCoonnttrrooll  UUnnddeeaadd..  Undead dont attack you

while under your command.

FFiinnggeerr  ooff  DDeeaatthh.. Kills one subject.

Trans EEtthheerreeaall  JJaauunntt.. You become ethereal for

1 round/level.

MMaassss  TTeelleeppoorrtt.. As teleport, but you can move

more weight and do not have to accompany

what youre teleporting.

PPllaannee  SShhiifftt.. Up to eight subjects travel to

another plane.

RReevveerrssee  GGrraavviittyy.. Objects and creatures fall

upward.

SSttaattuuee..  Subject can become a statue at will.

TTeelleeppoorrtt  wwiitthhoouutt  EErrrroorr.. As teleport, but no

off-target arrival.

VVaanniisshh.. As teleport, but affects a touched

object.

Univ LLiimmiitteedd  WWiisshh.. Alters realitywithin spell

limits.

8TH-LEVEL SORCERER AND

WIZARD SPELLS

Abjur  DDiimmeennssiioonnaall  LLoocckk.. Teleportation and other

forms of dimensional travel are blocked for

1 day/level.

MMiinndd  BBllaannkk.. Subject is immune to

mental/emotional magic and scrying.

PPrriissmmaattiicc  WWaallll.. Walls colors have array of

effects.

PPrrootteeccttiioonn  ffrroomm  SSppeellllss.. Confers +8 resistance

bonus.

Conj GGrreeaatteerr  PPllaannaarr  BBiinnddiinngg.. As lesser planar

binding,but up to 24 HD.

IInncceennddiiaarryy  CClloouudd.. Cloud deals 4d6 fire

damage/round.

MMaazzee.. Traps subject in extradimensional maze.

PPoowweerr  WWoorrdd,,  BBlliinndd.. Blinds 200 hp worth of

creatures.

SSuummmmoonn  MMoonnsstteerr  VVIIIIII.. Calls outsider to fight

for you.

TTrraapp  tthhee  SSoouull.. Imprisons subject within gem.

DDiisscceerrnn  LLooccaattiioonn.. Exact location of creature or

object.

Div

Ench AAnnttiippaatthhyy.. Object or location affected by spell

repels certain creatures.

BBiinnddiinngg.. Array of techniques to imprison a

creature.

DDeemmaanndd.. As sending, plus you can send

suggestion.

MMaassss  CChhaarrmm.. As charm monster,but all within

30 ft.

OOttttooss  IIrrrreessiissttiibbllee  DDaannccee.. Forces subject to

dance.

SSyymmppaatthhyy. Object or location attracts certain

creatures.

Evoc BBiiggbbyyss  CClleenncchheedd  FFiisstt.. Large hand attacks your

7

into Astral Plane.

HHiiddee  LLiiffee.. You lock away your life force into a

small receptacle and cannot be killed while the

receptacle remains intact.

EEnneerrggyy  DDrraaiinn..  Subject gains 2d4 negative

levels.

SSoouull  BBiinndd.. Traps newly dead soul to prevent

resurrection.

WWaaiill  ooff  tthhee  BBaannsshheeee..  Kills one creature/level.

Trans RReeffuuggee.. Alters item to transport its possessor to

you.

SShhaappeecchhaannggee.. Transforms you into any

creature, and change forms once per round.

TTeelleeppoorrttaattiioonn  CCiirrccllee.. Circle teleports any

creature inside to designated spot.

TTeemmppoorraall  SSttaassiiss.. Puts subject into suspended

animation.

TTiimmee  SSttoopp.. You act freely for 1d4+1 rounds.

Univ WWiisshh.. As limited wish, but with fewer limits.

foes.

GGrreeaatt  SShhoouutt..  Devastating yell deals 20d6 sonic

damage; stuns creatures, damages objects.

OOttiilluukkeess  TTeelleekkiinneettiicc  SSpphheerree.. As Otilukes

resilient sphere,but you move sphere

telekinetically.

SSuunnbbuurrsstt.. Blinds all within 10 ft., deals

3d6 damage.

SSccrreeeenn.. Illusion hides area from vision, scrying.

Illus

Necro CClloonnee.. Duplicate awakens when original dies.

HHoorrrriidd  WWiillttiinngg..  Deals 1d8 damage/level

within 30 ft.

Trans EEtthheerreeaallnneessss.. Travel to Ethereal Plane with

companions.

IIrroonn  BBooddyy.. Your body becomes living iron.

PPoollyymmoorrpphh  AAnnyy  OObbjjeecctt.. Changes any subject

into anything else.

SSyymmbbooll.. Triggered runes have array of effects.

Univ

9TH-LEVEL SORCERER AND

WIZARD SPELLS

Abjur AAbbssoorrppttiioonn.. Absorbs spells and spell-like effects

targeted at you.

FFrreeeeddoomm.. Releases creature suffering

imprisonment.

IImmpprriissoonnmmeenntt.. Entombs subject beneath

the earth.

MMoorrddeennkkaaiinneennss  DDiissjjuunnccttiioonn.. Dispels magic,

disenchants magic items.

PPrriissmmaattiicc  SSpphheerree.. As prismatic wall,but

surrounds on all sides.

Conj GGaattee..  Connects two planes for travel or

summoning.

PPoowweerr  WWoorrdd,,  KKiillll.. Kills one tough subject or

many weak ones.

SSuummmmoonn  MMoonnsstteerr  IIXX.. Calls outsider to fight for

you.

FFoorreessiigghhtt..  Sixth sense warns of impending

danger.

Div

Ench DDoommiinnaattee  MMoonnsstteerr..  As dominate person, but

any creature.

Evoc BBiiggbbyyss  CCrruusshhiinngg  HHaanndd.. As Bigbys interposing

hand,but stronger.

CChhaaiinn  CCoonnttiinnggeennccyy.. As contingency, but you

can trigger up to three spells.

MMeetteeoorr  SSwwaarrmm..  Deals 24d6 fire damage, plus

bursts.

Illus WWeeiirrdd.. As phantasmal killer,but affects all

within 30 ft.

Necro AAssttrraall  PPrroojjeeccttiioonn.. Projects you and companions

8

EXAMPLE SPELLBOOKS

Here are some suggestions for NPC wizard spell-

books. The spells selected reflect what an adventurer

might use.

spells (always a good idea). The table below shows the

number of spells the wizard has at each character level

and how much money the wizard must spend to have

that number of spells.

BASE NUMBER OF SPELLS PER LEVEL

As their levels increase, wizards get a small number of

spells they can add to their spellbooks. The Example

Spellbooks presented here assume the wizard begins

play with an Intelligence score of 14 or 15 and that the

two free spells usually are allocated to the highest spell

level the wizard can cast. It is further assume that the

wizard spends a modest amount of cash on additional

TTaabbllee::  BBaassee  NNuummbbeerr  ooff  SSppeellllss  ppeerr  LLeevveell

WWiizzaarrddss

LLeevveell

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

16

17

18

19

20

00**

16

16

16

16

16

16

16

16

16

16

16

16

16

16

16

16

16

16

16

16

33

88

66

44

22

77

11

99

55

5        

7        

2       

7

4       

7

2      

5

7

4      

6

7

2     

5

6

7

4     

6

6

7

2    

5

6

6

7

4    

6

6

6

7

2   

5

6

6

6

7

4   

6

6

6

6

7

2  

5

6

6

6

6

7

4  

6

6

6

6

6

7

2 

5

6

6

6

6

6

7

4 

6

6

6

6

6

6

7

2

5

6

6

6

6

6

6

7

4

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

7

6

6

6

6

6

7

7

7

7

6

7

7

7

7

7

7

7

7

SSccrriibbiinngg  CCoosstt//CCoosstt****

0

0

0

0

1 2nd-level spell 400 gp/550 gp

1 2nd-level spell 400 gp/550 gp

1 3rd-level spell 600 gp/975 gp

1 3rd-level spell 600 gp/975 gp

1 4th-level spell 800 gp/1,500 gp

1 4th-level spell 800 gp/1,500 gp

1 5th-level spell 1,000 gp/2,125 gp

1 5th-level spell 1,000 /2,125 gp

1 6th-level spell 1,200 gp/2,850 gp

1 6th-level spell 1,200 gp/2,850 gp

1 7th-level spell 1,400 gp/3,675 gp

1 7th-level spell 1,400 gp/3,675 gp

1 8th-level spell 1,600 gp/4,600 gp

1 8th-level spell 1,600 gp/4,600 gp

1 2nd-, 3rd, and 4th-level spell 1,800 gp/3,025 gp

1 5th- and 1 6th-level spell 2,200 gp/4,975 gp

These are the 16 cantrips from the Players Handbook.Wizards who have chosen to specialize in a school of

magic will have fewer cantrips than this because they cannot have spells from opposing schools in their spell-

books. With your DMs approval, you can substitute other cantrips (such as the repair minor damagecantrip from

Tome and Bloodfor the cantrips in the Players Handbook.

*These are spells for which the wizard pays to add to the book. The number before the slash is the base cost to

write the spells into the book if the spell is obtained from another wizards spellbook, The number after the slash

shows the total cost if the wizard has to obtain the spell by purchasing a scroll (base cost to scribe the spell plus

the market price of the scroll).

Plus one extra first-level spell per point of Intelligence bonus (2 spells if the wizard begins play with an Intelli-

gence score of 14 or 15).

Plus the bonus 1st-level spells the wizard gained at 1st level (2 spells if the wizard begins play with an Intelli-

gence score of 14 or 15). Wizards who increase their Intelligence scores later in the their careers, the extra Intelli-

gence doesnt give them any additional 1st-level spells for their spellbooks.

9

EXAMPLE SPELLBOOK

1ST-LEVEL WIZARD

EXAMPLE SPELLBOOK

2ND-LEVEL WIZARD

EXAMPLE SPELLBOOK

3RD-LEVEL WIZARD

0-Level Spells (Cantrips)

Arcane Mark.

Dancing Lights

Daze

Detect Magic

Detect Poison

Disrupt Undead

Flare

Ghost Sound

Light

Mage Hand

Mending

Open/Close.

Prestidigitation

Ray of Frost

Read Magic

Resistance

0-Level Spells (Cantrips)

Arcane Mark.

Dancing Lights

Daze

Detect Magic

Detect Poison

Disrupt Undead

Flare

Ghost Sound

Light

Mage Hand

Mending

Open/Close.

Prestidigitation

Ray of Frost

Read Magic

Resistance

0-Level Spells (Cantrips)

Arcane Mark

Dancing Lights

Daze

Detect Magic

Detect Poison

Disrupt Undead

Flare

Ghost Sound

Light

Mage Hand

Mending

Open/Close

Prestidigitation

Ray Of Frost

Read Magic

Resistance

1st-Level Spells

Change Self

Charm Person

Color Spray

Mage Armor

Magic Missile

1st-Level Spells

Change Self

Charm Person

Color Spray

Mage Armor

Magic Missile

Shield

Spider Climb

1st-Level Spells

Change Self

Charm Person

Color Spray

Mage Armor

Magic Missile

Shield

Sleep

2nd-Level Spells

Cats Grace

Invisibility

10

EXAMPLE SPELLBOOK

4TH-LEVEL WIZARD

EXAMPLE SPELLBOOK

5TH-LEVEL WIZARD

EXAMPLE SPELLBOOK

6TH-LEVEL WIZARD

0-Level Spells (Cantrips)

Arcane Mark

Dancing Lights

Daze

Detect Magic

Detect Poison

Disrupt Undead

Flare

Ghost Sound

Light

Mage Hand

Mending

Open/Close

Prestidigitation

Ray Of Frost

Read Magic

Resistance

0-Level Spells (Cantrips)

Arcane Mark

Dancing Lights

Daze

Detect Magic

Detect Poison

Disrupt Undead

Flare

Ghost Sound

Light

Mage Hand

Mending

Open/Close

Prestidigitation

Ray Of Frost

Read Magic

Resistance

0-Level Spells (Cantrips)

Arcane Mark

Dancing Lights

Daze

Detect Magic

Detect Poison

Disrupt Undead

Flare

Ghost Sound

Light

Mage Hand

Mending

Open/Close

Prestidigitation

Ray Of Frost

Read Magic

Resistance

1st-Level Spells

Change Self

Charm Person

Color Spray

Mage Armor

Magic Missile

Shield

Sleep

2nd-Level Spells

Cats Grace

Hypnotic Pattern

Invisibility

See Invisibility

1st-Level Spells

Change Self

Charm Person

Color Spray

Mage Armor

Magic Missile

Shield

Sleep

2nd-Level Spells

Cats Grace

Detect Thoughts

Hypnotic Pattern

Invisibility

See Invisibility

3rd-Level Spells

Dispel Magic

Fireball

1st-Level Spells

Change Self

Charm Person

Color Spray

Mage Armor

Magic Missile

Shield

Sleep

2nd-Level Spells

Cats Grace

Detect Thoughts

Hypnotic Pattern

Invisibility

Resist Elements

See Invisibility

3rd-Level Spells

Dispel Magic

Fireball

Fly

Haste

11

EXAMPLE SPELLBOOK

7TH-LEVEL WIZARD

EXAMPLE SPELLBOOK

8TH-LEVEL WIZARD

0-Level Spells (Cantrips)

Arcane Mark

Dancing Lights

Daze

Detect Magic

Detect Poison

Disrupt Undead

Flare

Ghost Sound

Light

Mage Hand

Mending

Open/Close

Prestidigitation

Ray Of Frost

Read Magic

Resistance

0-Level Spells (Cantrips)

Arcane Mark

Dancing Lights

Daze

Detect Magic

Detect Poison

Disrupt Undead

Flare

Ghost Sound

Light

Mage Hand

Mending

Open/Close

Prestidigitation

Ray Of Frost

Read Magic

Resistance

1st-Level Spells

Change Self

Charm Person

Color Spray

Mage Armor

Magic Missile

Shield

Sleep

2nd-Level Spells

Cats Grace

Detect Thoughts

Hypnotic Pattern

Invisibility

Resist Elements

See Invisibility

3rd-Level Spells

Dispel Magic

Fireball

Fly

Haste

Lightning Bolt

4th-Level Spells

Charm Monster

Ice Storm

12

1st-Level Spells

Change Self

Charm Person

Color Spray

Mage Armor

Magic Missile

Shield

Sleep

2nd-Level Spells

Cats Grace

Detect Thoughts

Hypnotic Pattern

Invisibility

Resist Elements

See Invisibility

3rd-Level Spells

Dispel Magic

Displacement

Fireball

Fly

Haste

Lightning Bolt

4th-Level Spells

Charm Monster

Dimension Door

Ice Storm

Minor Globe of Invulnerability

EXAMPLE SPELLBOOK

9TH-LEVEL WIZARD

0-Level Spells (Cantrips)

Arcane Mark

Dancing Lights

Daze

Detect Magic

Detect Poison

Disrupt Undead

Flare

Ghost Sound

Light

Mage Hand

Mending

Open/Close

Prestidigitation

Ray Of Frost

Read Magic

Resistance

1st-Level Spells

Change Self

Charm Person

Color Spray

Mage Armor

Magic Missile

Shield

Sleep

2nd-Level Spells

Cats Grace

Detect Thoughts

Hypnotic Pattern

Invisibility

Resist Elements

See Invisibility

3rd-Level Spells

Dispel Magic

Displacement

Fireball

Fly

Haste

Lightning Bolt

4th-Level Spells

Charm Monster

Dimension Door

Ice Storm

Minor Globe of Invulnerability

Polymorph Self

3rd-Level Spells

Dispel Magic

Displacement

Fireball

Fly

Haste

Lightning Bolt

5th-Level Spells

Cone of Cold

Teleport

EXAMPLE SPELLBOOK

10TH-LEVEL WIZARD

0-Level Spells (Cantrips)

Arcane Mark

Dancing Lights

Daze

Detect Magic

Detect Poison

Disrupt Undead

Flare

Ghost Sound

Light

Mage Hand

Mending

Open/Close

Prestidigitation

Ray Of Frost

Read Magic

Resistance

1st-Level Spells

Change Self

Charm Person

Color Spray

Mage Armor

Magic Missile

Shield

Sleep

2nd-Level Spells

Cats Grace

Detect Thoughts

Hypnotic Pattern

Invisibility

Resist Elements

See Invisibility

4th-Level Spells

Charm Monster

Dimension Door

Ice Storm

Minor Globe of Invulnerability

Phantasmal Killer

Polymorph Self

5th-Level Spells

Cloudkill

Cone of Cold

Teleport

Wall of Force

EXAMPLE SPELLBOOK

11TH-LEVEL WIZARD

0-Level Spells (Cantrips)

Arcane Mark

Dancing Lights

Daze

Detect Magic

Detect Poison

Disrupt Undead

Flare

Ghost Sound

Light

Mage Hand

Mending

Open/Close

Prestidigitation

Ray Of Frost

Read Magic

Resistance

1st-Level Spells

Change Self

Charm Person

Color Spray

Mage Armor

Magic Missile

Shield

Sleep

2nd-Level Spells

Cats Grace

Detect Thoughts

Hypnotic Pattern

Invisibility

Resist Elements

See Invisibility

3rd-Level Spells

Dispel Magic

Displacement

Fireball

Fly

Haste

Lightning Bolt

4th-Level Spells

Charm Monster

Dimension Door

Ice Storm

Minor Globe of Invulnerability

Phantasmal Killer

Polymorph Self

5th-Level Spells

Bigbys Interposing Hand

Cloudkill

Cone of Cold

Teleport

Wall of Force

6th-Level Spells

Chain Lightning

Greater Dispelling

EXAMPLE SPELLBOOK

12TH-LEVEL WIZARD

0-Level Spells (Cantrips)

Arcane Mark

Dancing Lights

Daze

Detect Magic

Detect Poison

13

Disrupt Undead

Flare

Ghost Sound

Light

Mage Hand

Mending

Open/Close

Prestidigitation

Ray Of Frost

Read Magic

Resistance

1st-Level Spells

Change Self

Charm Person

Color Spray

Mage Armor

Magic Missile

Shield

Sleep

2nd-Level Spells

Cats Grace

Detect Thoughts

Hypnotic Pattern

Invisibility

Resist Elements

See Invisibility

3rd-Level Spells

Dispel Magic

Displacement

Fireball

Fly

Haste

Lightning Bolt

4th-Level Spells

Charm Monster

Dimension Door

Ice Storm

Minor Globe of Invulnerability

Phantasmal Killer

Polymorph Self

5th-Level Spells

Bigbys Interposing Hand

Cloudkill

14

Cone of Cold

Teleport

Telekinesis

Wall of Force

6th-Level Spells

Chain Lightning

Disintegrate

Greater Dispelling

Mass Haste

EXAMPLE SPELLBOOK

13TH-LEVEL WIZARD

0-Level Spells (Cantrips)

Arcane Mark

Dancing Lights

Daze

Detect Magic

Detect Poison

Disrupt Undead

Flare

Ghost Sound

Light

Mage Hand

Mending

Open/Close

Prestidigitation

Ray Of Frost

Read Magic

Resistance

1st-Level Spells

Change Self

Charm Person

Color Spray

Mage Armor

Magic Missile

Shield

Sleep

2nd-Level Spells

Cats Grace

Detect Thoughts

Hypnotic Pattern

Invisibility

Resist Elements

See Invisibility

3rd-Level Spells

Dispel Magic

Displacement

Fireball

Fly

Haste

Lightning Bolt

4th-Level Spells

Charm Monster

Dimension Door

Ice Storm

Minor Globe of Invulnerability

Phantasmal Killer

Polymorph Self

5th-Level Spells

Bigbys Interposing Hand

Cloudkill

Cone of Cold

Teleport

Telekinesis

Wall of Force

6th-Level Spells

Chain Lightning

Contingency

Disintegrate

Greater Dispelling

Mass Haste

7th-Level Spells

Banishment

Delayed Blast Fireball

EXAMPLE SPELLBOOK

14TH-LEVEL WIZARD

0-Level Spells (Cantrips)

Arcane Mark

Dancing Lights

Daze

Detect Magic

Detect Poison

Disrupt Undead

Flare

Ghost Sound

Light

Mage Hand

Mending

Open/Close

Prestidigitation

Ray Of Frost

Read Magic

Resistance

1st-Level Spells

Change Self

Charm Person

Color Spray

Mage Armor

Magic Missile

Shield

Sleep

2nd-Level Spells

Cats Grace

Detect Thoughts

Hypnotic Pattern

Invisibility

Resist Elements

See Invisibility

3rd-Level Spells

Dispel Magic

Displacement

Fireball

Fly

Haste

Lightning Bolt

4th-Level Spells

Charm Monster

Dimension Door

Ice Storm

Minor Globe of Invulnerability

Phantasmal Killer

Polymorph Self

5th-Level Spells

Bigbys Interposing Hand

Cloudkill

Cone of Cold

Teleport

Telekinesis

Wall of Force

6th-Level Spells

Chain Lightning

Contingency

Disintegrate

Globe of Invulnerability

Greater Dispelling

Mass Haste

7th-Level Spells

Banishment

Delayed Blast Fireball

Power Word, Stun

Spell Turning

EXAMPLE SPELLBOOK

15TH-LEVEL WIZARD

0-Level Spells (Cantrips)

Arcane Mark

Dancing Lights

Daze

Detect Magic

Detect Poison

Disrupt Undead

Flare

Ghost Sound

Light

Mage Hand

Mending

Open/Close

Prestidigitation

Ray Of Frost

Read Magic

Resistance

1st-Level Spells

Change Self

Charm Person

Color Spray

Mage Armor

Magic Missile

Shield

Sleep

2nd-Level Spells

Cats Grace

Detect Thoughts

Hypnotic Pattern

Invisibility

Resist Elements

See Invisibility

3rd-Level Spells

Dispel Magic

Displacement

Fireball

Fly

Haste

Lightning Bolt

4th-Level Spells

Charm Monster

Dimension Door

Ice Storm

Minor Globe of Invulnerability

Phantasmal Killer

Polymorph Self

5th-Level Spells

Bigbys Interposing Hand

Cloudkill

Cone of Cold

Teleport

Telekinesis

Wall of Force

6th-Level Spells

Chain Lightning

Contingency

Disintegrate

Globe of Invulnerability

Greater Dispelling

Mass Haste

7th-Level Spells

Banishment

Delayed Blast Fireball

Power Word, Stun

Prismatic Spray

Spell Turning

8th-Level Spells

Horrid Wilting

Polymorph Any Object

15

EXAMPLE SPELLBOOK

16TH-LEVEL WIZARD

0-Level Spells (Cantrips)

Arcane Mark

Dancing Lights

Daze

Detect Magic

Detect Poison

Disrupt Undead

Flare

Ghost Sound

Light

Mage Hand

Mending

Open/Close

Prestidigitation

Ray Of Frost

Read Magic

Resistance

1st-Level Spells

Change Self

Charm Person

Color Spray

Mage Armor

Magic Missile

Shield

Sleep

2nd-Level Spells

Cats Grace

Detect Thoughts

Hypnotic Pattern

Invisibility

Resist Elements

See Invisibility

33rrdd--LLeevveell  SSppeellllss

Dispel Magic

Displacement

Fireball

Fly

Haste

Lightning Bolt

4th-Level Spells

Charm Monster

16

Dimension Door

Ice Storm

Minor Globe of Invulnerability

Phantasmal Killer

Polymorph Self

5th-Level Spells

Bigbys Interposing Hand

Cloudkill

Cone of Cold

Teleport

Telekinesis

Wall of Force

6th-Level Spells

Chain Lightning

Contingency

Disintegrate

Globe of Invulnerability

Greater Dispelling

Mass Haste

7th-Level Spells

Banishment

Delayed Blast Fireball

Power Word, Stun

Prismatic Spray

Spell Turning

Teleport Without Error

8th-Level Spells

Horrid Wilting

Polymorph Any Object

Sunburst

Symbol

EXAMPLE SPELLBOOK

17TH-LEVEL WIZARD

0-Level Spells (Cantrips)

Arcane Mark

Dancing Lights

Daze

Detect Magic

Detect Poison

Disrupt Undead

Flare

Ghost Sound

Light

Mage Hand

Mending

Open/Close

Prestidigitation

Ray Of Frost

Read Magic

Resistance

1st-Level Spells

Change Self

Charm Person

Color Spray

Mage Armor

Magic Missile

Shield

Sleep

2nd-Level Spells

Cats Grace

Detect Thoughts

Hypnotic Pattern

Invisibility

Resist Elements

See Invisibility

3rd-Level Spells

Dispel Magic

Displacement

Fireball

Fly

Haste

Lightning Bolt

4th-Level Spells

Charm Monster

Dimension Door

Ice Storm

Minor Globe of Invulnerability

Phantasmal Killer

Polymorph Self

5th-Level Spells

Bigbys Interposing Hand

Cloudkill

Cone of Cold

Teleport

Telekinesis

Wall of Force

6th-Level Spells

Chain Lightning

Contingency

Disintegrate

Globe of Invulnerability

Greater Dispelling

Mass Haste

7th-Level Spells

Banishment

Delayed Blast Fireball

Power Word, Stun

Prismatic Spray

Spell Turning

Teleport Without Error

8th-Level Spells

Horrid Wilting

Mind Blank

Polymorph Any Object

Sunburst

Symbol

9th-Level Spells

Dominate Monster

Meteor Swarm

Dimension Door

Ice Storm

Minor Globe of Invulnerability

Phantasmal Killer

Polymorph Self

5th-Level Spells

Bigbys Interposing Hand

Cloudkill

Cone of Cold

Teleport

Telekinesis

Wall of Force

6th-Level Spells

Chain Lightning

Contingency

Disintegrate

Globe of Invulnerability

Greater Dispelling

Mass Haste

7th-Level Spells

Banishment

Delayed Blast Fireball

Power Word, Stun

Prismatic Spray

Spell Turning

Teleport Without Error

8th-Level Spells

Horrid Wilting

Maze

Mind Blank

Polymorph Any Object

Sunburst

Symbol

9th-Level Spells

Dominate Monster

Meteor Swarm

Mordenkainens Disjunction

Wish

EXAMPLE SPELLBOOK

18TH-LEVEL WIZARD

0-Level Spells (Cantrips)

Arcane Mark

Dancing Lights

Daze

Detect Magic

Detect Poison

Disrupt Undead

Flare

Ghost Sound

Light

Mage Hand

Mending

Open/Close

Prestidigitation

Ray Of Frost

Read Magic

Resistance

1st-Level Spells

Change Self

Charm Person

Color Spray

Mage Armor

Magic Missile

Shield

Sleep

2nd-Level Spells

Cats Grace

Detect Thoughts

Hypnotic Pattern

Invisibility

Resist Elements

See Invisibility

3rd-Level Spells

Dispel Magic

Displacement

Fireball

Fly

Haste

Lightning Bolt

4th-Level Spells

Charm Monster

17

EXAMPLE SPELLBOOK

19TH-LEVEL WIZARD

0-Level Spells (Cantrips)

Arcane Mark

Dancing Lights

Daze

Detect Magic

Detect Poison

Disrupt Undead

Flare

Ghost Sound

Light

Mage Hand

Mending

Open/Close

Prestidigitation

Ray Of Frost

Read Magic

Resistance

1st-Level Spells

Change Self

Charm Person

Color Spray

Mage Armor

Magic Missile

Shield

Sleep

2nd-Level Spells

Cats Grace

Detect Thoughts

Hypnotic Pattern

Invisibility

Magic Mouth

Resist Elements

See Invisibility

3rd-Level Spells

Dispel Magic

Displacement

Fireball

Fly

Haste

Lightning Bolt

Sepia Snake Sigil

18

Wail of the Banshee

Wish

4th-Level Spells

Charm Monster

Dimension Door

Dimensional Anchor

Ice Storm

Minor Globe of Invulnerability

Phantasmal Killer

Polymorph Self

5th-Level Spells

Bigbys Interposing Hand

Cloudkill

Cone of Cold

Teleport

Telekinesis

Wall of Force

6th-Level Spells

Chain Lightning

Contingency

Disintegrate

Globe of Invulnerability

Greater Dispelling

Mass Haste

7th-Level Spells

Banishment

Delayed Blast Fireball

Power Word, Stun

Prismatic Spray

Spell Turning

Teleport Without Error

8th-Level Spells

Horrid Wilting

Maze

Mind Blank

Polymorph Any Object

Sunburst

Symbol

9th-Level Spells

Dominate Monster

Meteor Swarm

Mordenkainens Disjunction

Time Stop

EXAMPLE SPELLBOOK

20TH-LEVEL WIZARD

0-Level Spells (Cantrips)

Arcane Mark

Dancing Lights

Daze

Detect Magic

Detect Poison

Disrupt Undead

Flare

Ghost Sound

Light

Mage Hand

Mending

Open/Close

Prestidigitation

Ray Of Frost

Read Magic

Resistance

1st-Level Spells

Change Self

Charm Person

Color Spray

Mage Armor

Magic Missile

Shield

Sleep

2nd-Level Spells

Cats Grace

Detect Thoughts

Hypnotic Pattern

Invisibility

Magic Mouth

Resist Elements

See Invisibility

3rd-Level Spells

Dispel Magic

Displacement

Fireball

Fly

Haste

Lightning Bolt

Sepia Snake Sigil

Time Stop

Wail of the Banshee

Wish

4th-level Spells

Charm Monster

Dimension Door

Dimensional Anchor

Ice Storm

Minor Globe of Invulnerability

Phantasmal Killer

Polymorph Self

5th-Level Spells

Bigbys Interposing Hand

Cloudkill

Cone of Cold

Feeblemind

Teleport

Telekinesis

Wall of Force

6th-Level Spells

Chain Lightning

Contingency

Disintegrate

Globe of Invulnerability

Greater Dispelling

Mass Haste

Project Image

7th-Level Spells

Banishment

Delayed Blast Fireball

Insanity

Power Word, Stun

Prismatic Spray

Spell Turning

Teleport Without Error

8th-Level Spells

Greater Planar Binding

Horrid Wilting

Maze

Mind Blank

Polymorph Any Object

Sunburst

Symbol

9th-Level Spells

Dominate Monster

Meteor Swarm

Mordenkainens Disjunction

19

See Complete Warrior

THE COMPLETE

BLADESINGER

It seems there is an imposter lurking on pages 49 and

50. Its a bladesinger alright, but there are a few pieces

missing. Heres the complete version:

Class Skills

The bladesingers class skills (and the key ability for

each skill) are Balance (Dex), Concentration (Con),

Jump (Str), Knowledge (arcana) (Int), Perform (Cha),

Spellcraft (Int), Tumble (Dex).

BLADESINGER

Bladesingers are elves who have blended art, sword-

play, and arcane magic into a harmonious whole. In

battle, a bladesingers lithe movements and subtle tac-

tics seem beautiful, and belie their deadly martial effi-

ciency.

Multiclassed

can  become

fighter/wizards

bladesingers most easily, though any elf who can wield

a martial weapon and can cast arcane spells can become

a bladesinger. Bladesinging ranger/wizards, rogue/wiz-

ards and bladesinger bards are not unknown.

Bladesingers command great respect in most elf

communities and NPC bladesingers usually serve as

itinerant guardians and champions of the elf commu-

nity at large.

HHiitt  DDiiee:: d8

Requirements

To qualify to become a bladesinger, a character must

fulfill all the following criteria.

RRaaccee:: Elf, half-elf.

BBaassee  AAttttaacckk:: +5

FFeeaattss:: Combat Casting, Dodge, Expertise, Still Spell,

Weapon Focus (longsword)

SSkkiillllss::  Concentration 4+ ranks, Perform 3+ ranks

(dance, sing, + any 1 other), Tumble 3+ ranks

SSppeecciiaall:: Proficient with longsword, ability to cast 1st-

level arcane spells

SSkkiillll  PPooiinnttss  aatt  EEaacchh  LLeevveell:: 2+Int modifier

Class Features

All  of  the  following  are  class  features  of  the

bladesinger:

WWeeaappoonn  aanndd  AArrmmoorr  PPrrooffiicciieennccyy:: The bladesinger

gains proficiency in the use of no weapons and with

light armor.

If the bladesinger wears medium or heavy armor, he

loses all benefits of any of his song abilities (bladesong,

lesser, spellsong, song of celerity, greater spellsong,

song of fury).

A bladesinger suffers the normal arcane spell failure

chance when casting spells while armored (except as

noted below).

BBllaaddeessoonngg:: When wielding a longsword in one hand

(and nothing in the other), the bladesinger gains a

dodge bonus to AC equal to his Intelligence bonus.

LLeesssseerr  SSppeellllssoonngg::  When wielding a longsword in one

hand (and nothing in the other), the bladesinger can

take 10 when making a Concentration check to cast

defensively.

SSoonngg  ooff  CCeelleerriittyy:: When wielding a longsword in one

hand (and nothing in the other) and using the full

attack action, the bladesinger can cast one bladesinger

spell each round as a free action.

GGrreeaatteerr  SSppeellllssoonngg:: The bladesinger ignores arcane

spell failure when wearing light armor.

SSoonngg  ooff  FFuurryy:: When wielding a longsword in one

hand (and nothing in the other) and using the full

TTAABBLLEE::  TTHHEE BBLLAADDEESSIINNGGEERR

FFoorrtt

SSaavvee

+0

+0

+1

+1

+1

+2

+2

+2

+3

+3

BBaassee

AAttttaacckk

+1

+2

+3

+4

+5

+6

+7

+8

+9

+10

CCllaassss

LLeevveell

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

RReeff

SSaavvee

+2

+3

+3

+4

+4

+5

+5

+6

+6

+7

WWiillll

SSaavvee

+2

+3

+3

+4

+4

+5

+5

+6

+6

+7

SSppeecciiaall

Bladesong

Bonus Feat

Lesser Spellsong

Bonus Feat

Song of Celerity

Greater Spellsong

Bonus Feat

Song of Fury

SSppeellllss  ppeerr  DDaayy

33rrdd

22nndd

11sstt





1



0

2



1

2

0

2

3

1

2

3

2

3

3

2

3

4

3

3

4

3

4

4

3

4

4

44tthh











0

1

2

2

3

20

attack action, the bladesinger can make one extra

attack in a round at his highest base attack, but this

attack and each other attack made that round suffer a

2 penalty. This penalty applies for 1 round, so it affects

attacks of opportunity the bladesinger might make

before his next action.

BBoonnuuss  FFeeaattss:: The bladesinger gets a bonus feat. These

feats must be drawn from the following list: Any Meta-

magic  feat,  Combat  Reflexes,  Improved  Critical

(longsword), Improved Disarm, Mobility, Quick Draw,

Spring Attack, Whirlwind Attack.

SSppeellllss  ppeerr  DDaayy:: Every level a bladesinger gains, the

character gains new spells per day as shown. When

casting bladesinger spells, the bladesingers caster level

is equal to his bladesinger level. A bladesingers bonus

spells are based on Intelligence. The Difficulty Class

for saving throws against bladesinger spells is 10 + the

spells level + the bladesingers Intelligence modifier.

A bladesinger keeps a spellbook and must prepare

spells each day as a wizard does. He can have any

number of bladesinger spells in his spellbook (see

Writing a New Spell into a Spellbook, Players Hand-

book, page 155). At levels 1 through 9, a bladesinger

gain two spells he can add to his spellbook free. These

spells must be bladesingers spells the character can

cast.

Bladesinger Spell List

11sstt--LLeevveell  SSppeellllss

Expeditious Retreat

Mage Armor

Magic Weapon

Shield

True Strike

22nndd--LLeevveell  SSppeellllss

Blur

Bulls Strength

Cats Grace

Mirror Image

Protection from Arrows

33rrdd--LLeevveell  SSppeellllss

Displacement

Greater Magic Weapon

Haste

Keen Edge

44tthh--LLeevveell  SSppeellllss

Dimension Door

Fire Shield

Improved Invisibility

Stoneskin

ABOUT THE AUTHOR

A senior roleplaying game designer at Wizards of the Coast, Skip Williams is a game industry veteran who

started behind the cash register at TSRs Dungeon Hobby Shop in 1976. He was part of the team that created the

newest edition of the DD&&DD game, was the primary author of the new Monster Manual,and is DDrraaggoonnMagazines

Sage. Skip is fond of old movies, old airplanes, and old books, but not necessarily in that order.

21

SORCERER AND WIZARD SPELLS

SPELL SAVE

______

MODIFIER

SPELL

SAVE DC

LEVEL

SPELLS

PER DAY

BONUS

SPELLS

 Protection from Chaos

 Protection from Evil

 Protection from Good

 Protection from Law

Shield

0

Conjuration

0

1ST

2ND

3RD

4TH

5TH

6TH

7TH

8TH

9TH

Number of Sorcerer Spells Known

0 ____ 1st ____ 2nd ____ 3rd ____

4th ____ 5th ____ 6th ____ 7th ____

8th ____ 9th ____

0 Level

0 LEVEL

Abjuration

 Resistance

Conjuration

 Ray of Frost

Divination

 Detect Poison

Enchantment

 Daze

Evocation

 Dancing Lights

Flare

Light

Illusion

 Ghost Sound

Necromancy

 Disrupt Undead

Transmutation

 Mage Hand

 Mending

 Open/Close

 Repair Minor Damage

Universal

 Arcane Mark

 Detect Magic

 Prestidigitation

 Read Magic

1th Level

1ST LEVEL

Abjuration

 Alarm

Endure Elements

 Hold Portal

 Grease

 Mage Armor

 Mount

 Obscuring Mist

Summon Monster I

 Unseen Servant

Divination

 Comprehend Languages

 Detect Secret Doors

 Detect Undead

Identify

True Strike

Enchantment

 Charm Person

 Hypnotism

Sleep

Evocation

Lesser Acid Orb

Lesser Cold Orb

Lesser Electric Orb

Lesser Fire Orb

Lesser Sonic Orb

 Magic Missile

Tensers Floating Disk

Illusion

 Change Self

 Color Spray

 Nystuls Magical Aura

 Nystuls Undetectable Aura

Silent Image

 Ventriloquism

Necromancy

 Cause Fear

 Chill Touch

 Negative Energy Ray

 Ray of Enfeeblement

Transmutation

 Animate Rope

 Burning Hands

Enlarge

Erase

Expeditious Retreat

Feather Fall

Jump

 Magic Weapon

 Message

 Reduce

 Repair Light Damage

Shocking Grasp

Spider Climb

2nd Level

2ND LEVEL

Abjuration

 Arcane Lock

Filter

 Gaze Screen

 Obscure Object

 Protection from Arrows

 Resist Elements

Conjuration

 Choke

Fog Cloud

 Glitterdust

Ice Knife

 Melfs Acid Arrow

Summon Monster II

Summon Swarm

 Web

Divination

 Detect Thoughts

Locate Object

See Invisibility

Enchantment

Indifference

Tashas Hideous Laughter

Evocation

 Continual Flame

 Darkness

 Daylight

Flaming Sphere

Shatter

Illusion

 Blur

 Disguise Undead

 Hypnotic Pattern

Invisibility

Leomunds Trap

 Magic Mouth

 Minor Image

 Mirror Image

 Misdirection

Necromancy

 Command Undead

False Life

 Ghoul Touch

Scare

Spectral Hand

Transmutation

 Alter Self

 Blindness/Deafness

 Bulls Strength

 Cats Grace

 Darkvision

Eagles Splendor

Endurance

Foxs Cunning

 Knock

Levitate

 Owls Wisdom

 Pyrotechnics

 Repair Moderate Damage

 Rope Trick

 Whispering Wind

S P E L L   P L A N N I N G   S H E E T S

3RD LEVEL

3rd Level

Abjuration

 Dispel Magic

Explosive Runes

 Magic Circle against Chaos

 Magic Circle against Evil

 Magic Circle against Good

 Magic Circle against Law

 Nondetection

 Protection from Elements

Conjuration

 Corpse Candle

Flame Arrow

 Phantom Steed

Sepia Snake Sigil

Sleet Storm

Stinking Cloud

Summon Monster III

Divination

 Arcane Sight

 Clairaudience/Clairvoyance

Tongues

Enchantment

 Hold Person

Suggestion

Evocation

Ice Burst

Fireball

 Gust of Wind

Leomunds Tiny Hut

Lightning Bolt

 Wind Wall

Illusion

 Displacement

Illusory Script

Invisibility Sphere

 Major Image

Necromancy

Feign Death

 Gentle Repose

 Halt Undead

 Negative Energy Burst

 Vampiric Touch

Transmutation

 Blink

Fly

 Gaseous Form

 Greater Magic Weapon

 Haste

 Keen Edge

 Repair Serious Damage

Secret Page

Shrink Item

Slow

 Water Breathing

Universal

Familiar Pocket

Universal

Enhance Familiar

2001 Wizards of the Coast, Inc. Made in the U.S.A. Permission granted to photocopy for personal use only.



































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































SORCERER AND WIZARD SPELLS

4TH LEVEL

Abjuration

 Dimensional Anchor

Fire Trap

 Mass Resist Elements

 Minor Globe of

Invulnerability

 Otilukes Dispelling Screen

 Remove Curse

Stoneskin

Conjuration

Evards Black Tentacles

Leomunds Secure Shelter

 Minor Creation

Solid Fog

Summon Monster IV

Divination

 Arcane Eye

 Detect Scrying

Locate Creature

Scrying

Universal

Fortify Familiar

5TH LEVEL

Abjuration

 Dismissal

Energy Buffer

 Mordenkainens Private

Sanctum

Conjuration

 Cloudkill

Leomunds Secret Chest

Lesser Planar Binding

6TH LEVEL

Abjuration

 Antimagic Field

 Globe of Invulnerability

 Greater Dispelling

 Guards and Wards

 Repulsion

Conjuration

 Acid Fog

 Planar Binding

Summon Monster VI

 Major Creation

 Mordenkainens Faithful Hound

Divination

 Analyze Dweomer

Summon Monster V

 Wall of Iron

 Wall of Stone

Divination

 Contact Other Plane

 Prying Eyes

 Rarys Telepathic Bond

Enchantment

Enchantment

 Charm Monster

 Confusion

Emotion

Lesser Geas

Evocation

 Acid Orb

 Cold Orb

Electric Orb

Fire Shield

Fire Orb

Ice Storm

 Otilukes Resilient Sphere

Shout

Sonic Orb

 Wall of Fire

 Wall of Ice

Illusion

 Hallucinatory Terrain

Illusory Wall

Improved Invisibility

 Phantasmal Killer

 Rainbow Pattern

Shadow Conjuration

Necromancy

 Contagion

Enervation

Fear

 Negative Energy Wave

Transmutation

 Bestow Curse

 Dimension Door

 Mass Darkvision

 Polymorph Other

 Polymorph Self

 Rarys Mnemonic Enhancer

(wizard only)5th

 Repair Critical Damage

 Dominate Person

Feeblemind

 Hold Monster

 Mind Fog

Evocation

 Bigbys Interposing Hand

 Cone of Cold

Sending

 Wall of Force

Illusion

 Dream

False Vision

 Greater Shadow Conjuration

 Mirage Arcana

 Nightmare

 Persistent Image

Seeming

Shadow Evocation

Necromancy

 Animate Dead

 Magic Jar

Spiritwall

Transmutation

 Animal Growth

Fabricate

 Ghostform

 Passwall

Stone Shape

Telekinesis

Teleport

Transmute Mud to Rock

Transmute Rock to Mud

Universal

 Permanency

S P E L L   P L A N N I N G   S H E E T S

Conjuration

 Drawmijs Instant Summons

 Mordenkainens Magnificent

Mansion

 Phase Door

 Power Word, Stun

Summon Monster VII

Divination

 Greater Scrying

 Vision

Enchantment

Insanity

Evocation

 Bigbys Grasping Hand

 Delayed Blast Fireball

Forcecage

 Mordenkainens Sword

 Prismatic Spray

Illusion

 Mass Invisibility

Shadow Walk

Simulacrum

Necromancy

 Control Undead

Finger of Death

Transmutation

Ethereal Jaunt

 Mass Teleport

 Plane Shift

 Reverse Gravity

Statue

Teleport without Error

 Vanish

Universal

Limited Wish

8TH LEVEL

8th Level

Abjuration

 Dimensional Lock

 Mind Blank

 Prismatic Wall

 Protection from Spells

Conjuration

 Greater Planar Binding

Incendiary Cloud

 Maze

 Power Word, Blind

Summon Monster VIII

Trap the Soul

Divination

 Discern Location

Enchantment

 Antipathy

 Binding

 Demand

 Mass Charm

 Ottos Irresistible Dance

Sympathy

Legend Lore

True Seeing

Enchantment

 Geas/Quest

 Mass Suggestion

Evocation

 Bigbys Forceful Hand

 Chain Lightning

 Contingency

 Otilukes Freezing Sphere

Illusion

 Greater Shadow Evocation

 Mislead

 Permanent Image

 Programmed Image

 Project Image

Shades

 Veil

Necromancy

 Circle of Death

 Undeath to Death

Transmutation

 Control Water

 Control Weather

 Disintegrate

Eyebite

Flesh to Stone

 Mass Fly

 Mass Haste

 Mordenkainens Lucubration

(wizard only)5th Level

 Move Earth

Stone to Flesh

Tensers Transformation

Universal

Imbue Familiar with Spell

Ability

7TH LEVEL

Abjuration

 Banishment

Energy Immunity

 Otilukes Greater Dispelling

Screen

Sequester

Spell Turning

2001 Wizards of the Coast, Inc. Made in the U.S.A. Permission granted to photocopy for personal use only.





















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































SORCERER AND WIZARD SPELLS

S P E L L   P L A N N I N G   S H E E T S

Evocation

 Bigbys Clenched Fist

 Great Shout

 Otilukes Telekinetic Sphere

Sunburst

Illusion

Screen

Necromancy

 Clone

 Horrid Wilting

Transmutation

Etherealness

Iron Body

 Polymorph Any Object

Universal

Symbol

9TH LEVEL

9th Level

Abjuration

 Absorption

Freedom

Imprisonment

 Mordenkainens Disjunction

 Prismatic Sphere

Conjuration

 Gate

 Power Word, Kill

Summon Monster IX

Divination

Foresight

Enchantment

 Dominate Monster

Evocation

 Bigbys Crushing Hand

 Chain Contingency

 Meteor Swarm

Illusion

 Weird

Necromancy

 Astral Projection

 Hide Life

Energy Drain

Soul Bind

 Wail of the Banshee

Transmutation

 Refuge

Shapechange

Teleportation Circle

Temporal Stasis

Time Stop

Universal

 Wish

2001 Wizards of the Coast, Inc. Made in the U.S.A. Permission granted to photocopy for personal use only.







































































































































































































































































































































































































Tome and Blood

Frequently Asked Questions

Last Updated 5/8/03

About the FAQ

If you have a question about Tome and Blood, chances are that youll find them within this FAQ. Any new additions or major

corrections in a version are provided in blue text for your convenience. Blue text changes to black text in the next version. If you

have  a  question that isnt  answered  here,  please contact  custserv@wizards.com  and  ask  away!  You  can  also  contact the  Sage,

Skip Williams, by writing to him at these handy locations:

Email: tsrsage@aol.com

Mail: Sage Advice

Paizo Publishing

3245 146th PL SE, Suite 110

Bellevue, WA 98007

We will be updating this FAQ over time, and each version will have a date stamp on it so that you know which version you

have.

U.S. CANADA, ASIA

PACIFIC & LATIN AMERICA

Wizards of the Coast, Inc.

P.O. Box 707

Renton, WA 98057-0707

(Questions?) 1-800-324-6496

EUROPEAN HEADQUARTERS

Wizards of the Coast, Belgium

P.B. 2031

2600 Berchem

Belgium

+32-70-23-32-77

Based on the original DUNGEONS & DRAGONS game by E. Gary Gygax and Dave Arneson and on the new edition of the DUNGEONS & DRAGONS game designed by

Jonathan Tweet, Monte Cook, Skip Williams, Richard Baker, and Peter Adkison.

D&D, DUNGEONS & DRAGONS, FORGOTTEN REALMS, PLANESCAPE, and DUNGEON MASTER are registered trademarks owned by Wizards of the Coast, Inc.

The d20 System logo is a trademark owned by Wizards of the Coast, Inc.

All Wizards characters, character names, and the distinctive likenesses thereof are trademarks owned by Wizards of the Coast, Inc.

This material is protected under the copyright laws of the United States of America. Any reproduction or unauthorized use of the material or artwork contained herein

is prohibited without the express written permission of Wizards of the Coast, Inc.

This product is a work of fiction. Any similarity to actual people, organizations, places, or events is purely coincidental.

This Wizards of the Coast game product contains no Open Game Content. No portion of this work may be reproduced in any form without written permission. To

learn more about the Open Gaming License and the d20 System License, please visit www.wizards.com/d20.

2003 Wizards of the Coast, Inc. All rights reserved. Made in the U.S.A.

Visit our website at www.wizards.com/dnd

Tome and Blood FAQ

1

5/8/03

The text for the arcane trickster class in Tome and Blood

says the character can use the ranged legerdemain only a

certain  number  of  times  per  day  as  determined  by  his

level. It also says he can make only one ranged skill check

each day, and only if he has at least one rank in the skill

being  used.  Doesnt  the  second  sentence  contradict  the

first one?

It  does  indeed,  and  its  an  error.  The  second  sentence

should read: He can make a ranged skill check only if he has

at least one rank in the skill.

Does  the  arcane  trickster  prestige  classs  (from  Tome

and  Blood)  ranged  legerdemain  power  make  you  use  the

same skill each time you use this power, or can you choose

to use it for a different skill check each time? If you have

masterwork  thieves  tools,  can  you  use  them  for  ranged

Open Lock or Disable Device checks?

You  dont  pick  one  skill  to  use  with  ranged  legerdemain

for your entire career. Each time you use ranged legerdemain,

you choose a skill from the list (Disable Device, Open Lock,

or  Pick  Pocket).  Ranged  legerdemain  uses  no  tools,  so  you

get no bonuses from masterwork tools.

The  description  for  the  arcane  tricksters  (a  prestige

class  from  Tome  and  Blood)  impromptu  sneak  attack

ability  says  that  one  attack  roll  can  be  declared  a  sneak

attack.  Does  this  mean  if  one  has,  say,  three  attacks,  the

impromptu sneak attack is a full-round attack for a single

sneak  attack  roll?  Or  do  the  other  attack  rolls  get

included  (as  normal  attacks)  in  the  same  round  as  the

impromptu sneak attack roll?

You use the impromptu sneak attack ability as part of the

attack action  or full attack  action.  If you  use  the  impromptu

sneak attack with the full attack action, and youre entitled to

more than one attack during that turn, you still get all of your

attacks, but only one of those attacks (your choice) can be a

sneak attack.

Other class features that can be used along with an attack

once each turn also work this way. For example, a 12th-level

monk  can  make  three  unarmed  attacks  with  the  full  attack

action. If the monk also uses her stunning attack ability, she

still  makes  three  unarmed  attacks,  but  only  one  can  be  a

stunning attack.

How does a bladesinger prepare and cast spells? What

ability score determines the DC for saving throws against

a bladesingers spells? What about bonus spells?

A  bladesinger  prepares  and  casts  spells  just  as  a  wizard

does.  Intelligence  governs  a  bladesingers  bonus  spells  and

the  DC  for  those  spells  saving  throws.  See  the  web

enhancement  covering  the  material  in  Tome  and  Blood

<http://www.wizards.com/dnd/article.asp?x=dnd/we/we20010713a>  for  an

update

the  web

enhancement  supersedes  the  bladesinger  entry  in  Tome  and

Blood.

the  bladesinger.  The  material

to

in

Can  I  use  my  masterwork  thieves  tools  with  ranged

legerdemain?

No.  You  dont  use  any

legerdemain.

tools  at  all  with  ranged

Is  there  an  error  in  the  table  for  the  arcane  trickster

class?  The  text  says  the  bonus  increases  by  +1d6  every

two levels but it does not say what the initial value of the

bonus is. The table shows +3d6 damage at 2nd level, going

up one die every 2 levels to +7d6 at 10th level. Also, it says

that  this  damage  stacks  with  any  other  sneak  attack

bonuses. That would mean that an arcane trickster could

have  a  pretty  darn  good  sneak  attack  (+5d6  at  2nd  level

when  you  consider  the  +2d6  the  arcane  trickster  must

have to qualify for the class). Is that right?

No.  The  text  is  correct  and  the  table  is  wrong.  The  sneak

attack  entries  on  the  table  should  read:  2nd  level:  +1d6;  4th

level:  +2d6;  level:  +3d6;  8th  level:  +4d6;  10th  level:  +5d6.

This  ability  stacks  with  any  other  sneak  attack  the  character

might  have,  so that a  10th-level arcane trickster has  a  sneak

attack  of  at  least  +7d6,  considering  the  +2d6  the  character

had to have just to qualify for the class.

When you sneak attack with one of the orb or lesser orb

spells  from  Tome  and  Blood,  do  you  get  sneak  attack

damage from every orb in the volley? Also, what effect, if

any,  does  the  Fortitude  half  saving  throw  have  on  the

sneak attack damage?

The sneak attack damage applies only to the first orb in the

volley,  just  as  it  does  when  you  throw  multiple  shuriken  as

part  of  a  single  attack  action.  If  the  first  orb  hits,  add  the

sneak  attack  damage  to  the  orb  damage,  then  roll  the  save,

and halve the result if the save succeeds.

Under the Spell Specialization feat in Tome and Blood,

it says that ray and energy missile spells get a +2 damage

modifier.  In  the  case  of  multiple  missile  spells  like  lesser

fire orb, is this modifier treated as +2 damage per missile?

The  +2  damage  bonus  applies  to  the  first  missile  in  the

volley attack you make, not to each spell.

If  I  take  spellsword  as  a  prestige  class  and  choose

wizard as the previous spellcaster class, what happens if I

advance several levels as a spellsword (gaining several +1

bonuses  to  the  previous  spellcaster  class)  then  take

another level of wizard? What happens if I take a couple

of  different  prestige  classes  and  then  go  back  to  wizard?

For  example,  suppose  I  have  a  5th-level  wizard/4th-level

fighter/10th-level  spellsword/1st-level  mage  of  the  arcane

order?

The  sample  character  casts  spells  (and  has  free  spells  for

his  spellbook)  as  an  11th-level  wizard.  The  order  in  which

you  take  the  classes  has  no  effect  on  the  characters

spellcasting  ability.  Just  add  the  wizard  spellcasting  boosts

from  prestige  classes  to  whatever  the  characters  current

wizard level happens to be. Remember that if you have more

than one arcane spellcasting class, you have to decide where

the  spellcasting  bonuses  will  go  as  you  add  each  prestige

class level. Once you assign a bonus, you cannot change it.

If  I  use  the  Energy  Substitution  feat  to  make  a  sonic

fireball,  will  the  spell  deal  damage  to  creatures  that  are

deaf? Or must the recipient be able to hear the effect?

You  dont  have  to  be  able  to  hear  to  take  sonic  damage

(which can literally vibrate you to pieces). A magical silence

effect; however, negates all sonic attacks.

I have a question about the Split Ray feat in Tome and

Blood. It states that only ray spells that deal damage can

Tome and Blood FAQ

2

5/8/03

be split. Does finger of death apply, since it deals damage

on a successful Fortitude save?

You cant use this feat on finger of death because it is not a

ray. Note that the descriptive text for this spell should read:

You can split the effect of a ray spell, which are spells that

have  an  Effect:  Ray  entry.  The  split  ray  affects  any  two

targets  that  are  both  within  the  spells  range  and  are  also

within  30  feet  of  each  other.  If  the  ray  spell  deals  damage,

each target takes half as much damage as normally indicated

(round down). If the ray spell has a nondamaging effect, each

target has a 50% chance to take the nondamaging effect. This

could  result  in  one,  neither,  or  both  targets  taking  the

nondamaging  effect.  For  example,  you  split  a  disintegrate

spell. You roll to hit each target, and there is a 50% chance

that  any  target  you  hit  is  subject  to  disintegration.  A  target

subject  to  disintegration  is  allowed  a  normal  saving  throw.

Failure  results  in  disintegration  and  success  results  in  5d6

points of damage, divided by 2.

If  desired,  you  could  make  both  rays  attack  the  same

target. A split ray uses up a spell slot zero levels higher than

the spells actual level (the same level as the original spell).

At  1st,  4th,  and  6th  level,  the  dragon  disciple  prestige

class  grants  a  Hit  Die increase  that  makes  your  Hit  Dice

bigger.  The  ability  description  specifically  says  it  is  not

retroactive, but what about future levels? If, for example,

a 1st-level dragon disciple takes a level of sorcerer, is that

Hit  Die  increased  to  a  d6?  If  so,  what  happens  if  the

dragon disciple chooses to take a level of fighter? Is that

Hit Die changed in any way?

You gain Hit Dice from the dragon disciple class according

to  the  class  chart.  For  other  classes,  you  gain  Hit  Dice  by

class.  For  example,  if  you  have  4  levels  of  dragon  disciple,

youd gain 1d8 if you added a 5th level of dragon disciple. If

you added a level of fighter, instead youd gain 1d10. When

your dragon disciple Hit Dice increase in size, your previous

Hit  Dice  from  the  class  do  not  increase  retroactively.  For

example if you have 10 levels of dragon disciple, youll have

3d6  (for  levels  13),  2d8  (for  levels  45),  and  5d10  (for

levels 610).

Does  a  person  struck  with  a  negative  energy  ray  spell

(from  Tome  and  Blood)  receive  a  saving  throw  or  not?

The  spell  header  says  Will  half  (see  text),  but  the  text

makes no mention of whether the victim gets a save. Im

inclined to think there is no save since the caster must hit

with a ranged touch attack anyway.

Yes, negative energy ray spell allows a Will save. The see

text  entry  refers  to  undead  being  healed  by  the  ray.  (For

undead, negative energy ray is a harmless spell.)

Tome and Blood FAQ

3

5/8/03