Ultimate

Equipment Guide

Contents

Matthew Sprange

In the Wild

Food, Drink and Herbs

Introduction

Equipment in Your Campaign

2

3

11  Designing d20 Equipment

13  Arcane Sorcery

32  Bards and Theatres

42  Clerics and Temples

55

74  Honour Amongst Rogues

88

103  Knick-Knacks of the Little Folk

110  Psychic Mastery

123  The Armoury

165  The Dwarven Forge

172  The Elven Retreat

177  The Fighters Trade

193  The Monastery

204  Tools, Trades and Crafts

210  Rules Summary

255  D20 & OGL License

Credits

Line Developer

Paul Tucker

Editor

Daniel Bishop

Cover Art

Scott Clark

Additional Text

August Hahn, Shannon Kalvar, Joseph Miller,

Patrick Younts

Interior Illustrations

Nathan Webb, Steven Shepherd

Production Manager

Alexander Fennell

Proof-Reading

Ian Barstow

Open Game Content & Copyright Information

Ultimate Equipment Guide is 2002 Mongoose Publishing. All rights reserved. Reproduction of non-Open Game Content of this work

by any means without the written permission of the publisher is expressly forbidden. Ultimate Equipment Guide is presented under the

Open Game and D20 Licences. See pages 255-256 for the text of these licences.  All game mechanics and statistics derivative of Open

Game Content and the System Refernce Document are to be considered Open Gaming Content.  All other signicant characters, names,

places, items, art and text herein are copyrighted by Mongoose Publishing.  All rights reserved.  If you have any questions on the Open

Game Content of this product please contact Mongoose Publishing.  d20 System and the d20 System logo are Trademarks owned by

Wizards of the Coast and are used according to the terms of the d20 System Licence version 3.0.  A copy of this Licence can be found

at www.wizards.com. The mention of or reference to any company or product in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark or

copyright concerned. Dungeons & Dragons and Wizards of the Coast are Registered Trademarks of Wizards of the Coast, and are

used with Permission.  Printed in Canada.

Mongoose Publishing

Mongoose Publishing, PO Box 1018, Swindon, SN3 1DG, United Kingdom

info@mongoosepublishing.com

Visit the Mongoose Publishing website at www.mongoosepublishing.com for regular updates.

INTRODUCTION

Introduction

What is a warrior without his weapon?

How many locks can a rogue pick

without his tools?  Though characters

are the main focus of any adventure, the things

they carry play a major role in their success.  From

the rope that suspends an adventurer over a pit, to

the lantern that lights his way, equipment might

not be the most important thing about a hero, but

the right item at the right time can easily spell the

difference between success and failure.  Be it a

sword, backpack or something just a little more

exotic, the gear someone carries can do more than

aid them, it can dene them.

In that spirit, this volume of the Ultimate series

divides its myriad choices into several related

categories.  As the role and nature of each

character class differs, so do the items those

classes require.  Those who seek magical power

would do well to read the Arcane Sorcery section,

while any who would pray for just the right item

to deliver them from their troubles should peruse

Clerics and Temples.  Prowlers of hostile city

streets might nd a new trick or two in Honour

Amongst Rogues; stalkers of a more primal nature

will have better hunting In the Wild.  The complex

play that is the world-stage of the bard gains some

potent new props in the many wondrous things

within Bards and Theatres.  For those who want

something a little more exotic, unique equipment

can be found in Tools from the Orient and

Psychic Mastery.  Lastly, those who consider any

new item to be one more way to inict grievous

bodily harm, along with all those who would like

to guard themselves from such folk, should look

no further than the many implements of pain and

protection in The Armoury and The Fighters

Trade.

The many denizens of fantasys diverse races

have their special equipment here as well.  The

Elven Retreat reveals many of the things these

ancient and wise folk have created over the many

centuries of their lives.  The Dwarven Forge gives

a glimpse of the tools and innovations behind their

great steel-craft and mining skills.  Finally, not to

be outdone by their taller brethren, the halings

and gnomes bring you Knick-Knacks of the

Little Folk, a collection of delights and curiosities

that reect their unique cultures.

Some things, of course, defy easy categorisation as

they appeal equally to all.  Within these pages you

will discover Tools, Trades and Crafts and Food,

Drink and Herbs.  The former is a selection

of tools that make everything else in this book

possible, while the latter provides fuel for the res

of creation.  An adventurer may never make use of

an awl or a trowel, but the need for sustenance is

universal.

Each item in this book comes complete with

description, usage and relevant statistics, including

weight (where applicable) and a suggested price.

Games Masters are encouraged to nd places for

this new equipment wherever they deem them to

t best.  A rare new type of armour may be made

in only one location on the face of the campaign

world, necessitating an entire adventure just to

seek it out.  Where appropriate, some suggestions

have been made in the text to that regard.

Ultimate Collection

The Ultimate Equipment Guide is the third volume

of the Ultimate series, compiling much of the best

equipment available.  Designed to be seamlessly

slotted into any fantasy-based d20 games system,

these sourcebooks offer the best of the best that

have appeared in terms of rules and options for

fantasy d20 games, as well as new material that

can easily be included in any campaign.  Games

Masters and players will nd a wealth of options to

enrich their characters and antagonists.

The Ultimate

Equipment Guide

In the d20 system, most equipment is essentially an

extension of a character.  Most tools, for instance,

only exist to allow certain skills to be exercised.

Weapons basically just dene how much and

what kind of damage someone inicts in combat.

Armour and shields defend, while components fuel

the spells they cast.  Very little identity is given

to these vital items, and consequently equipment

can be a very ill-dened subject.  This book, in

its many pages of options and designs, seeks to

change that by providing something for every race

and class available.  Games Masters and players

alike will discover items within that may help to

rene or redene the characters in their games.

Regardless of taste, there is something in here for

everyone.

2

Equipment

in Your

Campaign

In a basic sense, the concept of equipment in

d20 games is intended to be a general one.

Using the weapon example from the

introduction, implements of destruction are easily

categorised into three types of damage (slashing,

piercing and bludgeoning).  The rest is semantics

 how large is a given weapon?  Does it require

both hands to wield?  Is it easy to learn and use?

These variances allow each type of weapon to

be divided up into classes of weaponry, but even

these classes are general.  There are hundreds of

variations on the concept of a sword, but only a

few are signicantly different enough to warrant

separate statistics in an equipment list.

In a very real way, that is the great strength of the

equipment system in a d20 game  versatility.  A

character can wield a sword and while it may have

the exact same mechanical statistics as every other

sword of its type, the description of the blade can

vary wildly.  One warriors longsword might be

a narrow, cleaving blade with a serrated tip in the

style preferred by his tribe, while another could

wield a broader, slightly shorter longsword with

virtually no point at all.  Both weapons have the

statistics of a longsword, but the simple variation

of their descriptions lends each item, and the

people who hold them, a certain sense of style.

While versatility allows just a few entries in an

equipment list to take on several different forms,

there is a limit to how varied an item can become

before it serves its purpose in a radically changed

way.  A shortspear that grows too long becomes a

longspear and, consequently, must have a change

in its statistics.  While that might seem to be a

aw in the way d20 approaches equipment, it is

truly just another strength.  While broad categories

offer versatility, they also provide enough room

for subcategories.  In the example above, altering

a sword too much from its basic form creates a

different kind of sword.  The category is sword,

while the subcategory might become short sword

or scimitar.

By allowing subcategories to occur with a resultant

change in the base statistics of standard items,

the equipment in a game can take on a life of its

3

EQUIPMENT IN YOUR CAMPAIGN

own.  While the primary focus of a role-playing

game should not be about a characters toys,

adventures, story arcs and even entire campaigns

can revolve around the creation or acquisition of

special items.

For example, a door that requires a special key to

open might form the basis for a rogues adventure

to nd the perfect lock-pick as a substitute.  The

search for that lock-pick might lead him into the

dangerous political work of his local thieves guild

or to the distant homeland of the locks craftsman.

Adventures can occur for the most unlikely of

reasons, even with something so small as the need

to make a good impression at court.  If the queen is

known to have a fondness for blue silk, acquiring

a tailored outt of that material could spin many

hours of interesting game play.

In this section of The Ultimate Equipment Guide,

you will nd suggestions for working the various

types of items offered herein into your games.  As

a player, you will discover ways to work these

things into your background or into the requests

you might make of Non-Player Characters.  An

interesting session might be made up of searching

for a suitable craftsman to fashion your dragon

hide into dragonscale armour, but you cannot even

go looking for such an artisan until you know that

crafting such armour is possible.

As a Games Master, this section of the Guide

can prove even more useful.  Many of the items

in these pages are esoteric at best and downright

unique in some cases.  Here you will nd advice

on how to provide players access to this wonderful

equipment, words of caution on what things

might not be a proper t for certain forms of play,

and how to control such items if they do prove

unbalancing after they have entered the campaign.

In addition, there are story ideas here to introduce

certain pieces of equipment in such a way that the

special nature of these treasures is not lost on your

players.  If they have to wade through the thickest

mires of a swamp, scale spider-infested trees and

endure great hardships just to speak with a weaver

capable of putting together special silk armour,

they are not likely to consider such things to be

mere equipment ever again.

Items for Every

Class

Every class of character in a role-playing game is

special.  Bards do not have the same abilities as

EQUIPMENT IN YOUR CAMPAIGN

ghters and no ghter has the skills of a rogue.

This unique nature carries over into the things they

carry.  Equipment is a major dividing point for

classes, perhaps as integral to the nature of those

classes as spellcasting or the turning of undead.

What a character carries is just as important as

what he can do with it.

One way to prove this statement is by the idea

of examination.  When a character is checked

visually, his class and skills can often be

determined solely by what equipment he carries.

While some of the stereotypes along this line

of thought may not be entirely correct, certain

equipment facts are fairly straightforward.

Unless a wizard takes great care, he can easily be

classied as a spellcaster by the components he

must constantly keep on hand.  A ghter is usually

fairly obvious and a person holding lock picks is

either a locksmith or engaged in less-than-honest

activity.  Form follows function and the form of

ones possessions can often dene ones function

quite ably.

The chapters involving the various character

classes in this book carry this distinction through.

In each, tools specically designed to accent,

compliment and extend the abilities of the

chosen class appear along with all the pertinent

information a Games Master or player needs

to use them immediately during play.  In some

cases, differing degrees of quality or effect are

also available, allowing a campaign to incorporate

lesser versions of an item and gradually, as

characters increase in skill and power, work up to

more effective ones.

Arcane Sorcery

Arcane spellcasters, by their nature, hold one thing

above all other, of importance  magic.  From their

components to their spellbooks, the things they

carry tend to focus and exemplify that calling.

Most spellcasters are rendered largely powerless

without their equipment, but the converse also

holds true.  Even the ability to move or speak is

not usually as important as whether the proper

components for a given spell are on hand.  With

the proper items and a little preparation, an arcane

spellcaster can accomplish nearly anything.

In this chapter of The Ultimate Equipment Guide,

arcane spellcasters receive a plethora of additional

tools to make their powers go farther and increase

the effectiveness of their art.  Consequently, many

of the things found in this chapter are exotic,

4

expensive or both.  In some fantasy settings, the

study of magic is a secretive art, available only to

the privileged few with the talent and the funds

to pursue it.  This carries over to the availability

of most items in the Arcane Sorcery chapter.  It is

recommended that dealers in these objects be as

rare, if not rarer, than the practitioners of magic

themselves.

This chapter contains some very special items.

Some are items of clothing or armour, designed

to garb a spellcaster and offer some benet from

their construction.  These articles of clothing are

made with mages in mind, providing access to

vital components or enhancing some quality or

skill in the wearer.  While their basic forms are

mundane, these unique garments are an excellent

base item for enchantment.  As such is the forte

of spellcasters, many such pieces of clothing can

be found as magical items if a Games Master so

chooses.

Alchemy is often considered the science of

magic, with many mages being among its most

accomplished practitioners.  While others may

prove to be the equals of wizards and sorcerers

in this art, it is true that arcane spellcasters have

rened the techniques of alchemy to their current

level.  The Arcane Sorcery chapter offers a wide

variety of new alchemical tools.  Some of these

can be used to enhance an alchemy lab, offered

as physical rewards in alchemical competitions or

purchased in speciality stores catering to the elite

members of this esoteric devotion.

Of special note are the many tools and items

available to arcane spellcasters of any sort.  From

armoured scrollcases crafted of exotic metals and

speciality candles, to myriad variations on the

concept of a staff, this chapter offers more gear

than a spellcaster could hold or use in a magically-

enhanced lifetime.  For those Games Masters and

players who appreciate careful bookkeeping and a

precise list of materials, this chapter also contains

a table of common spell components and their

base prices.  Using this table, an arcane spellcaster

can stock up on the materials needed for each

spell he knows without resorting to keeping all

his necessary items in a single, easily stolen or

destroyed component pouch.

Bards and Theatres

The art of entertainment is a valuable one in any

age.  For as long as there have been communities,

there have been those whose place it is to amuse

and inform the people of society through play,

story and song.  Bards are not just performers, they

are educators of a sort and historians of another.

The craft bards perform may centre on physical

motion or voice, but over the ages hundreds

of items have been invented to enhance their

natural talents and lend nuances to their masterful

performances.

This chapter offers some of the most notable

devices of this sort, along with common props,

costumes and other pieces of equipment vital

to stage and song.  Since many bards have

wealthy patrons or charge for attendance at

their exhibitions, the considerable cost of these

items is not an obstacle.  Those bards who nd,

as many who seek life outside the bounds of

mundane employment do, that every day is a grand

adventure often have access to funds of their own.

In any case, for those who can afford the more

expensive items in this chapter, great benets can

be gained by possessing them.

One of the arts available to a bard is disguise and

this chapter has a large selection of items catering

to masters of that eld.  False faces, elegant clothes

and make-up kits can be found for any number of

legitimate purposes and quite a few illegitimate

ones as well.  As with any item that can be used for

subterfuge, acquiring these things can be easy or

difcult, depending on environment.  Bards, with

their perceived need for such items, may have an

easier time purchasing them than most.

Physical performance is both the most basic form

of entertainment and the most complex, requiring

innate skill, timing and grace to provide a show

appreciated by its audience, while not unduly

risking life and limb.  From simple equipment

like juggling balls and parasols, to the more

complicated workings of an onicycle, this chapter

has everything a dextrous bard might require.

Most bards are associated with their skill regarding

musical instruments.  No chapter dedicated to the

needs of these elite performers would be complete

without a selection of choices that enhance this

skill and the many special abilities a bard can

gain through their use.  Musical instruments are

to bards what weapons are to the ghter.  Even so,

they appeal to a number of character types outside

bardic circles.  Many religions venerate music and

train their devotees in the gospels of their faith.

Rogues may use music as an aid to their schemes

and some monks nd serenity and meditation in

the playing of an instrument.

5

EQUIPMENT IN YOUR CAMPAIGN

Musical instruments, depending on their

design, may require a certain amount of cultural

sophistication to be available for purchase.  Simple

instruments, such as clappers and drums, could

probably be purchased regardless of the area but

complex items, such as the bellows organ, need

mechanical skills to create.  This chapter also

contains a list of accessories and special qualities

that can be applied to such items.  These qualities

increase the effects of a bards bardic music class

feature and provide new capabilities through the

skilled work of master craftsmen.

Clerics and Temples

The life of a priest can be a spartan one, with little

more to his name than a prayer book, a robe for

modestys sake and the food he eats.  This sparse

existence can be a wonderful means of continuing

ones faith, replacing the distractions of a busy life

with single-minded devotion.  For an adventuring

cleric, such a lifestyle is rarely an option.  Robes

do not provide much protection against the rake

of a ghouls claws and a prayer book is seldom

an effective melee weapon against the forces of

darkness.  To defeat evil by direct confrontation, a

cleric requires more.

In this chapter of The Ultimate Equipment Guide,

priests of any faith will discover all the tools they

might need to both extend their life expectancy in

the face of vile enemies and bolster their devotion

to the calling of their souls.  An adventuring priest

may rarely, if ever, see the inside of a temple

devoted to his faith after leaving to take up his

deitys message among the wild places of the

world but, with the items in this chapter, he can

bring the piety of his temple with him.

Ritual tools, portable altars, sacred oils and

all the trimmings of grand religious festivals

can be carried by a travelling cleric and used

to make any place a sacred site for meditation

and reection upon that which makes his work

holy.  As such, these items are rarely sold in a

shop-like atmosphere.  More often, a cleric must

petition or use his contacts within his church to

secure these items, paying for their construction

and consecration if needed.  Items such as these

are rarely bargained for, as such behaviour can

be considered demeaning to them and the higher

power they represent.

Piety is important but, while the spirit may be the

true seat of being, esh can be equally important.

In this chapter, clerics will discover items

EQUIPMENT IN YOUR CAMPAIGN

specially crafted to provide protection in battle

and advantages over their traditional foes.  Sacred

armour and weapons are the most notable of these

but other pieces of equipment can serve a valuable

role in preserving lives through force of arms.  Of

special note are the items in this chapter dedicated

to healing, the purging of toxins and the cleansing

of diseases.  These latter items may be available

commercially, as there are many who exist outside

the church with the skill to use them and the means

to pay whatever a merchant asks.

Tools from the Orient

Devotion and meditation are not just the hallmarks

of the priesthood.  Those who grasp the power

of the union between body and mind are often

an introspective folk with an aesthetic nature and

a reliance of what lies within, as well as what is

carried without.  Equipment is as much a matter

of augmentation as utility, a fact that is not lost on

those who live the life of a monk or samurai.

Monks want for little, but what they do use must

be of the highest quality to survive the rigors

of their existence.  Equally, the samurai must

use the highest quality items available or risk

bringing scandal and dishonour to their lord.  The

equipment found in this chapter tends to be simple,

sturdy and perfect in every important way.  Few

monks or samurai have any inclination to use

inferior equipment when better, more dependable

goods are available.  As such, they are usually

very precise shoppers, selecting only the one item

among many that is exactly what they require.

Few stores exist that cater to monks as their sole

clientele.  Instead, certain merchants with goods

of proven quality trade with monasteries on a

private basis.  While it is not a way to become

incredibly wealthy, such business is at least steady

and the clientele above reproach.  Combined with

the fact that, if a shipment of supplies is stolen or

violence befalls a merchant en-route, the criminals

responsible must face a legion of well-trained

warriors skilled in the art of hurting people,

this makes the venture highly appealing to most

merchants.  Having an incident like this occur

in-game can be an excellent springboard for role-

playing scenarios, or the introduction of a monk or

samurai character into an existing campaign.

In addition to simple, high-quality goods, Tools

from the Orient offers a few alchemical items that

cater to the needs of the physically adept monks.

These items are often made within the monasteries

6

themselves  the creations of trained members of

the order whose sole task is to divine the mysteries

of the earth and harvest her bounty for the good

of those they serve.  These special concoctions are

rarely for sale outside the order, only infrequently

becoming available to trusted allies or during those

rare instances when the monastic order must raise

funds to remain in operation.

Honour Amongst Rogues

There is no character class more dependent and

masterful in the use of equipment than the rogue.

They are adept artists of disguise, agile acrobats

and second-storey thieves, and trapnders whose

calling in life is to remove the protections around

that which others diligently try to safeguard.  All of

these professions can easily describe these masters

of many tasks, but each role requires one thing

above all others  all rogues need the right tool for

the right job at the right time.  Without picks, no

lock will open.  Without pins and rasps, no trap

disarms itself.  A rogue without the proper items

on hand nds many of his greatest assets crippled.

It is fortunate for rogues that they are also the

most skilled at nding whatever is needed for the

mission at hand.  When a thief needs just the right

pry bar for a stuck window, he probably has the

contacts in his guild or the local tool shop to get

it with no questions asked.  It is not enough for

rogues to get their tools when they need them;

rogues usually have to make sure no one knows

they needed them in the rst place.  Intimidation,

bribes and mutual exchanges of favours can secure

silence and ensure a ready source of supplies

far better than a dagger in the back, since a dead

merchant cannot sell you the tool you need the

next time you require it.

The Honour Amongst Rogues chapter has a wide

variety of special items rogues might be interested

in.  The world of the rogue can be a complicated

place, and one never knows when a vial of

ashen powder or a bag of fumblers will spell the

difference between freedom and a night in the

city prison.  Even those rogues who do not pursue

illegal activities will nd something they can use

in this chapter, as every skill of import to a rogue is

catered to by its selection.

This chapter also contains a variety of special

tools, costly single-use items that offer a

substantial bonus at the expense of reusability.

These items can be the focus of a rogues reason

to adventure, as they are very expensive and,

since few such items can be made any better than

by someone who understands their use, rogue

characters might just put their Craft skills to work

creating them.  For a character class so often in the

pursuit of ill-gotten gains, this collection of unique

equipment can be a motivation all on its own.

In The Wild

There is something primal about being one with

nature.  The sounds of the forest, the smell of

fresh air and the visceral pleasures of living off

the land, beholden to nothing save the world and

your singular place in it.  For druids and rangers,

this relationship can be a daily reality.  They want

for little and need for less, as the land provides all

they could wish for in terms of shelter, sustenance

and supplies.  These might be considered primitive

conditions by some but it is an existence most of

the members of these classes both appreciate and

thrive on.

There are exceptions to every rule.  Some rangers

thrive in nature, yet also enjoy the taste of good ale

and the comfort of a warm bed.  Some druids know

the value of wilderness survival but still choose

a forged steel scimitar with which to defend

themselves.  Even those who live in harmony with

the land know the benets of equipping themselves

appropriately.

In The Wild gives examples of the kinds of things

a druid, ranger or anyone spending prolonged

periods of time in the wild places of the world

might require to stay alive and accomplish

whatever tasks may have drawn them out there.

From functional clothing, such as the desert-born

aba, to hunting tools, such as animal snares and

preserving kits, this chapter has specialised tools

for any explorer or wilderness traveller.

In The Wild also offers a selection of survival

equipment designed to keep their users alive

in adverse conditions.  Salt tablets, water traps

and risers to protect vital supplies can do more

to save someones life than the mightiest sword

or the deadliest spell.  Many of these items are

deceptively simple, comprised of little more than

leather, sticks and ropes brought together in time-

tested ways.  Whilst simplistic, these items can be

indispensable when food is running low, drinking

water is gone and civilisation is days away.

Having this equipment, or not having it as the case

may be, can be a turning point in a campaign.  The

ability to construct such valuable equipment can be

an equally important character trait.

7

EQUIPMENT IN YOUR CAMPAIGN

Psychic Mastery

In temperament and behaviour, many devotees of

psychic ability behave like monks in a monastery.

Their abilities come from within themselves,

requiring no external materials to make manifest.

One key difference between monks and those

who work with the powers of the mind is the use

of armour.  While monks require true freedom of

movement to utilise their skills, psionic abilities

can be used regardless of encumbrance.  Also,

unlike monks, those who work the powers of the

mind are not necessarily trained to ght unarmed.

Weapons can be quite valuable to psionic

characters.

Psychic Mastery offers a number of special options

where armour and weapons are concerned, but

those comprise only a small part of the chapter.

Psionic characters will nd a wealth of items to

compliment their abilities and aid in the meditation

and focus required to use them.  Objects such

as simple dorjes and sleeping mats can augment

their powers and ensure the proper rest needed

to replenish them.  Masters of the mental arts

often live simply but this chapter certainly holds

something worth carrying for any psion or psychic

warrior.

This chapter also offers three special categories of

equipment.  One, tattoos, are psychically-charged

tattoos of a permanent nature that, once applied

to the skin of a psion or psychic warrior, impart

bonuses of one sort or another.  Unlike other

psychic tattoos, these items cannot be lost or

transferred, as they become a part of the character

who bears them.  Acquiring one of these special

tattoos requires nding one of the rare masters of

the tattooing art and securing his services.  This

is not likely to be an easy endeavour and, while a

gold value is listed for each tattoo, those with the

skill to inlay these extraordinary designs seldom

ask for money in exchange.  Instead, they often

require a special service or tribute, one that proves

the recipient worthy of such a rare gift.

The second special form of equipment in this

chapter is not truly an item at all.  Through

proper training and meditation, certain psionics

can manifest the traits of exotic creatures within

themselves.  These powerful attunements are

difcult to create, require great effort to control

and can be very draining to attempt.  For those

who succeed, attunements can be a potent addition

to their arsenal of abilities.  Listed as equipment

because of the need to create them (by means of

EQUIPMENT IN YOUR CAMPAIGN

a feat and the expenditure of experience points),

attunements are a deeply personal matter and

cannot be gained through the intervention of

another character.

The Fighters Trade

Many believe that weapons, armour and combat

are all that matter to a ghter.  Indeed, it is the

majority opinion that ghting is the entirety of a

ghters training and skills, with very little else

serving to round out their capabilities.  Essentially,

that opinion is correct.  With few skill points

to bridge into other elds, and bonus feats that

must be selected from a combat-oriented list, an

experienced ghter is usually little more than a

better, deadlier version of his younger self.

It would be untrue to say that weapons and armour

are the only important equipment decisions when

purchasing gear for a ghter, however.  While it

is undeniable that a ghter needs the best weapon

to t his abilities and the most protective armour

his strength allows, there are other things to

consider.  A ghter is often called upon for tactical

leadership, to deal with situations where brute

force is the only desirable option, and to put his

endurance and hardy nature to the test.  In these

instances, other equipment can be of great benet.

The Fighters Trade has several useful items and

devices designed to supplement the many roles

a ghter can take on, both within an adventuring

party and when travelling alone.  In these pages,

a ghter can nd the various comforts a soldier

might wish on the road, such as a folding stool

and special spices that make even bland food

palatable.  Even games of chance, the hallmark of

bored soldiers at camp in the eld, receive special

treatment in this chapter.

Several different options for passing the time

whilst on watch or between battles can be found

here.  Quartermasters and military suppliers

normally sell these items to soldiers on their way

through cities out into the eld.  A strong business

can be based on equipping the armed forces during

wartime, but such trade obviously has its risks.

A contingent of soldiers sent ahead to secure a

trading site for martial goods and supplies could

form the basis for an exciting adventure, if the

Games Master and players are looking for combat

scenarios.

In addition to the sundries that round out a

soldiers kit, The Fighters Trade also offers

numerous weapon and armour options, including

alternate metals and materials to modify existing

types of equipment.  Variations on standard items

include the atl atl, a spear throwing device, and

speciality alchemical oils designed to provide an

advantage when used in combat.  While ghting

is the focus of a warriors life, it is always nice to

have alternate ways to go about doing it.

Items for Every Race

Different races approach the idea of equipment

differently.  Dwarves usually favour heavy metal

and stone in all of their constructions, both for

the strength that these materials represent and

because metal and stone comprise the basis of

their underground world.  Elves tend towards

natural materials of a softer, more owing nature

in keeping with their grace and harmonious

existence with nature.  Gnomes, by dint of

their great intellect and inventive minds, opt for

complicated devices and inventions over simple

solutions whenever possible.  Halings, when they

create things, gravitate towards comfort, utility and

dependable craftsmanship.

These disparate ways of doing things hold a great

opportunity for someone in the position to select

equipment from among each race.  Depending on

what quality is needed for each item, there is a

logical source to go to for its construction.  While

prices may vary depending on the race of the

buyer as compared to that of the seller, if open

purchasing is an option virtually any need can be

fullled by seeking out the goods made by races

other than your own.

Games Masters and players should keep in mind

that not everything will be available to just anyone

who comes looking for it.  It is not likely that an

elven bowmaker, if given any say in the matter,

would sell an elven masterwork longbow to a half-

orc, no matter what the circumstances.  Also, few

of the items in the racial equipment chapters will

be available at open market in anything but cities

dedicated to the race in question.  A dwarven-made

set of rumblesticks will likely never be available

in a human marketplace.  The key to the rare and

special nature of these items is keeping them rare

and special in the campaign.

The Dwarven Forge

The race of dwarves is known for mining,

metalcraft and possessing the endurance of the

mountains themselves.  They work hard, drink

8

hard and can survive things that lay other races

low.  These qualities show in their creations, works

of steel and stone that often far outlast those who

use them.  A suit of dwarven plate armour is more

than just something to turn aside the blows of

an enemy; it is an heirloom to be passed down

reverently from generation to generation.  The

dwarves understand this and it is represented in

everything they craft.

It is because of this attitude that few dwarven

creations nd their way into the hands of those

outside their kind.  In their opinion, few humans

live long enough to appreciate the quality of

dwarven craftsmanship, elves are too fragile to

withstand the honest weight and heft of solid

steel construction and the little folk do not have

the temperament to use their creations properly.

Only dwarves, they believe, can truly understand

dwarven works and thus only dwarves are worthy

to hold them.

This attitude carries over to other dwarves as

well.  Dwarves, as a general rule, are very clan

and family-oriented.  While a dwarven character

might have access to most of the items in this

chapter while travelling in the clan halls of his own

people, other clans might not open their wares as

freely to him unless they are an allied or friendly

tribe.  Cross-trading is not common among most

dwarven clans, as self-sufciency is another

strong personality trait among them.  Even so, the

complications of what trade does go on between

dwarven clans could be an effective adventure

hook, especially if the character wanting a certain

item is asked to safeguard the underground caravan

bringing it to his location.

The Elven Retreat

While the typical attitude of most elven societies

in a fantasy setting is a little more open than their

dwarven counterparts, trade and open purchase

of elf-made goods is still very unlikely.  Masters

of intricate craftsmanship, the working of natural

materials and ne metals, elves can forge weapons,

work complex links of tiny chain into fantastic

armour and create exotic goods that appeal to

members of any race that appreciates quality.

Much of this high level of quality comes from the

elven psyche and their typical unhurried approach

to any task.  Whereas a human might rush to nish

a suit of banded mail as quickly as he can, elves

are not bound by the same short lifespan and can

afford to take as much time as they wish to craft

9

EQUIPMENT IN YOUR CAMPAIGN

the same armour.  Combined with their much

longer apprenticeships and learning time, elven

craftsmen often outstrip other artisans in terms of

sheer skill.  This allows them to achieve regularly

what other races would consider impossible feats

of creation.

This great skill and accomplishment goes a long

way towards explaining why their crafts so rarely

become available to those outside their kind.

Elves value beauty and quality, treasuring their

own creations as the symbols of great work that

they are.  Most elves are loathe to part with these

wonders and even more cautious about letting

those who would have little real understanding of

their meaning claim them.  A Non-elf who comes

into possession of an obviously elven item must

be prepared to constantly explain the origin of the

item and how he came to own it.  Such is the price

of perfection.

Knick-Knacks of the Little Folk

Gnomes and halings deserve recognition in the

creative arts as well.  Their items, while perhaps

not as famous as elven chainmail or dwarven ale,

have just as much culture and effort behind their

construction.  Gnomish ingenuity is well known

for the complex mechanical devices attributed to

it and halings regularly make items revolving

around creature comforts.  In the venues of

camping, cooking and general quality of life,

haling craftsmanship is unparalleled.

The Knick-Knacks of the Little Folk chapter

provides several examples of the ne work these

two races have to offer, from clamp hands wrought

from steel and gears, to the simple pleasure of

a hearthdown bedroll.  The items in this chapter

are all very high quality, coming as they do from

craftsmen who have focused their lives in the

creation of such useful equipment.  While some

are simply improvements of designs used by other

races, it only takes a single night sleeping in a

woollen dome tent to realise what a difference

those improvements can make.

Unlike items from the elves and dwarves, the

things found in this chapter of The Ultimate

Equipment Guide are often openly available.  Both

gnomes and halings are usually very welcoming

races, with a tolerant or inviting attitude towards

trade with others.  While a human purchaser might

have to content himself with goods brought by

caravan into a human city, he is still likely to nd

whatever he wishes from the equipment listed here.

This chapter also includes a great many herbs,

items used by druids, wizards and those with

ranks in the Profession (herbalist) skill.  Herbs are

useful items that, when used properly, imbue the

person consuming them with special properties.

The herbs and herbal infusions in this chapter

are usually only found in speciality shops, the

homes of druids and herbalists, and among the

possessions of fey creatures.  The suggested

purchase price of herbal items should reect the

surrounding environment; very few herbal recipes

should be available at base price in a desert, after

all.

Tools, Trades, and Crafts

The last category covered in this book involves the

various tools and skills needed to make everything

else that appears here.  This chapter also contains

items that defy any other denition, such as

chastity belts and sea chests.  The importance of

these tools and devices cannot be overstated, as

without them very little in The Ultimate Equipment

Guide could be created.  As for the availability

of what appears in this chapter, that is largely

determined by the item in question.  Most tools

can be acquired easily enough, while things

like chastity belts are usually commissioned for

construction as needed.

EQUIPMENT IN YOUR CAMPAIGN

Items for Every

Reason

Some needs transcend race and class.  As noted

before, everyone needs to eat and the concepts

of trade, crafting and entertainment are fairly

universal.  The shapes might change, but the

purpose and function of these needs remain

constant.  The items found in the following

chapters serve those roles admirably.  Where

noted, they may be difcult to nd or restricted in

some way, but most are freely available in the right

places.  Adventurers might not require some of the

things listed in these chapters, but they are likely

to encounter them in the hands of others as they

travel.

The Armoury

While this chapter will hold an immediate interest

for ghters, any character with the skills needed

to wear armour and wield weapons will nd

something here.  Many of the items here are usable

without the Exotic Weapon Prociency feat or

anything else beyond the normal martial skills

available to many characters in any fantasy setting.

Specialised shields made of unique materials or

designed for specic purposes round out The

Armourys selection.

The items in this chapter are usually available in

any town or city large enough to offer such special

fare.  Items made from expensive or rare materials

may, at the Games Masters option, require the

character wishing to purchase them to secure said

materials for their construction.  This may or may

not affect the nal cost of the item but, in any case,

the skill needed to create these special pieces of

equipment will not be at all common.  Finding a

craftsman capable of making troglodyte leather

armour may be more difcult than making the

armour in the rst place.

Food & Drink, Herbs & Drugs

Consumables are not usually a great concern

in fantasy d20 games.  Meals consist of rations

and a few entries on the menu board of the local

tavern.  It is not common for food and drink to

be an expanded list, much less the plethora of

options given in this chapter.  Specialised foods

made to serve a given purpose can be found here,

from rage wine, a brew that imparts a violent and

potent strength in combat, to the useful attention

increasing effect of wakeberries.

10

Designing

d20

Equipment

Eventually, it will happen.  You, as either a

Games Master or as a player, will be

looking through the equipment lists trying

to nd something you need and it will not be there.

It may have already occurred, which may be why

you are reading this book.  While the offerings in

The Ultimate Equipment Guide are quite extensive,

like any nite list it cannot cover everything.  You

will someday need an item that you just cannot

nd written up anywhere.  When that happens, you

will be faced with a choice, do without it or make

it yourself.

The things in this book are the work of great

imagination and effort, but we are going to share a

secret with you now, one you may already know.

It is not that difcult to make your own equipment

in the d20 system.  In fact, it can be quite easy.

As long as you follow three (or four, if you are a

player) basic rules, you cannot fail to come up with

something that ts both your needs and the needs

of a balanced campaign.  There is effort involved

in creating equipment but it can also be a great

deal of fun.

By rules, we are not referring to the in-game

mechanics of the Craft skill outlined in Core

Rulebook I.  Those are very comprehensive and

while you may have to consider them depending

on how your new item will occur within the

campaign physically, they do not apply to the

original creation process.  These rules are for the

greater scheme of things, the game outside the

game.  Covered briey, they are as follows.

Function Follows Form:  An item needs to



be created to serve its intended purpose.



Form Follows Function:  An item must,

at some level, appear as if it serves the role it was

designed to perform, even if only internally.

Form and Function Follow Foundation:



Items do not exist in a vacuum and anything new

must consider what also exists around it and why.

DESIGNING D20 EQUIPMENT

Function Follows

Form

The rst rule of item creation is the easiest.

Summarized, it is simply what do you want this

thing to do?  For a new item not to duplicate the

effects of something listed either in this book or

in Core Rulebook I, it will probably have some

very specic purpose.  As such, you will need to

have a clear idea of what it will accomplish and

how it goes about doing that.  To take a bedwarmer

as an example, the item is created to warm cold

beds before people sleep in them.  It does this by

holding hot coals from the hearth and rubbing

inside the bedsheets until it imparts that heat to the

bed.

The next step is to determine if rule effects need

apply.  In the case of a bedwarmer, there are no set

rules for the temperature of objects and it is not

likely that a bedwarmer needs to have any rules

associated with it for altering the temperature of

a bed.  The simple statement, using a bedwarmer

makes cold beds more comfortable to sleep in

should sufce.  If there are no rules governing a

certain aspect of the game, weigh carefully the

benets of creating them before you do.  There

really is no need for a set of guidelines determining

how cold someones bed is so, while you could

create them to support the effects of your

bedwarmer, why unnecessarily expend the effort?

Conversely, if a piece of equipment does affect

existing rules, you need to be very specic in

dening those effects.  If you design a new herbal

potion that imparts amazing strength, just saying

that it does so is not enough.  You need to decide

how much Strength is granted and how long it

lasts.  If the potion is dependent on the metabolism

of certain creatures and does not affect others,

that should be noted as well.  Your new potion

might, after denition, grant any being with human

blood (humans, half-elves or half-orcs) 1d4 points

of Strength for one hour after imbibing.  That is

almost enough to be complete.

What is missing is the most important

consideration to make with new equipment that

grants bonuses.  You must determine what kind

of bonus to impart.  The stacking rules in d20 are

very specic and any item that grants a bonus

needs to dene what that bonus is.  Under normal

circumstances, mundane items grant one of two

kinds of bonus  circumstance or equipment.  The

key difference between the two arises from how

they stack.  Circumstance bonuses stack with each

11

DESIGNING D20 EQUIPMENT

other unless they come from the same kind of

circumstance, while equipment bonuses do not.

In general, you should always use a circumstance

bonus unless one of two things is true about your

invention.  If the item is something that does

not really allow for any other item to be used in

conjunction with it at its given task, it grants an

equipment bonus.  A special carriage that imparts

a bonus to the land movement speed of the horses

pulling it probably grants an equipment bonus

since it is fairly self-contained and cannot benet

for any other items of its own type.  The second

instance is when the item actually alters the user to

grant its bonus.  The herbal Strength potion from

the previous example has this kind of effect, which

should be considered an enhancement bonus.

Form Follows

Function

Now that you know what your item does, you

should determine what it looks like.  This is more

than just a matter of aesthetics, since the form

and construction of an item can be very important

during game play.  Whatever you have decided on

for the items capabilities will naturally suggest

its construction.  A weapon will have a wieldable

shape and a dangerous end (so to speak), while

something that is stored until it is needed will

probably be shaped to not be cumbersome.

Another important consideration in this regard

requires knowing who will be making the item.

A new form of shield coming from the forge of a

dwarven smith is not likely to be made of wood or

covered in delicate ligree designs.  Likewise, a

gnomish contraption created to batter down doors

will probably not appear streamlined or look as if

it were grown out of vines or other natural parts.

The creators of a device place their mark on their

work, whether they mean to or not.  Through

choice of materials and methods of crafting, a

dwarven item looks like a dwarven-made item.

Keeping this in mind will give your design a sense

of continuity with the rest of the campaign world.

Form is not just an external concern, as situations

encountered during game play can quickly reveal.

When the party is down on spells and no one has

a magical weapon, remembering that the make-up

case the elven bard just purchased is made of silver

could be a life saver.  A murder mystery could be

solved by noting that the killer has been using a

particular weapon forged only in a single human

city.  By staying consistent with form, new items

can become more valuable than its market price

would suggest.

Form and Function

Follow Foundation

This may be the most complicated part of item

creation.  You now know what your item does and

what it looks like.  The only question that remains

is why?  To answer that question, you must

consider what else exists in the same category

of items, the kind of people that would use this

item and how its existence (or lack of existence)

will impact the campaign world.  In our world,

people lived just ne before the invention of the

automobile, but it has undeniably changed how

those lives are lived.  Your item might not have that

level of effect on the game world but, as mentioned

above, nothing exists in a vacuum.

Think about items that are similar to what you

have made.  If it serves a purpose and there is

nothing else like it, you have already answered the

question of why it exists.  More likely, you will be

able to nd at least a few things that ll the same

role.  If you have made a new weapon, its purpose

is to neutralize enemies in some way, probably an

unpleasant one.  A new way to improve a persons

ability to climb is essentially the same as rope and

other such forms of equipment.

Once you have examples of similar items, compare

yours to them.  If yours is superior to them in

every way, you may wish to tone down some

aspect of it unless there is a believable reason why.

An item specialized to excel in one area usually

accomplishes it by detracting from its abilities

in other areas.  Doing this balances the item and

leaves a place for similar items in the game world.

Ask yourself the question, Why would someone

not use this new item?  If you cannot give a good

answer, the item is likely unbalanced and should

probably be changed.  Some swords are clearly

better than others (bastard swords, katanas, etc.),

but they also require a special feat to use them

effectively, or at all.  This balancing factor allows

for their better qualities and still provides a reason

for characters to choose a longsword instead.

If you follow these guidelines, you will be able

to create useful and unique items in your own

campaign without difculty.  After all, someone

had to think of a sword rst.  Just use your

imagination, stay mindful of what you make and

have fun doing it.

12

ARCANE SORCERY

Armoured Sleeves:  30 gp; AC +1; Max Dex ;

Check -1; SF 5%; Spd 30 ft./20 ft.; 5 lb.

Hood and Cowl

A hood can be added to any robe that does not

already have one and, when used with a cowl (or

more rarely, a mask) to cover the face, provides

protection against inhaled gases of all sorts.  While

using a hood and cowl in combination does incur

a -2 circumstance penalty to Listen checks, they

grant a +2 circumstance bonus to Fortitude saves

against inhaled gases and poisons.

Hood and Cowl:  +5 gp; +1 lb.

Robe, Alchemists

The various concoctions and formulae an

alchemist can create are of great use during

adventures, especially to a mage.  Since many of

these wondrous mixtures duplicate, at least in part,

spells, it behoves an arcane spellcaster to carry

at least a few as a back-up.  An alchemists robe

features specially designed pockets and

reinforced layers of padding to hold

and protect alchemical items, while

keeping them accessible.  Up to 10

items weighing less than one pound

each can be kept in the pockets of

this robe and up to 4 larger items

can be stored within its special

harnesses.  One of these items can

be retrieved as a free action each

round on the wearers turn.

Robe, Alchemists:  10 gp; 4 lb.

Robe, Arcane

Sometimes it is important that a spellcaster look

impressively magical.  This thick robe does

the trick, having sweeping sleeves, elaborate

embroidery and enough extra cloth in it to weigh

down a frail scholar.  While

wearing it you have a +2

circumstance bonus to

any Bluff, Diplomacy or

Intimidate checks made to

convince another person of

your magical power.

Robe, Arcane:  55 gp; 4 lb.

Arcane

Sorcery

Magic is the rst tool of choice for both the wizard

and the sorcerer, yet there are times when a sharp

dagger is more useful than a cone of cold or meteor

swarm.  During expeditions to the wilderness and

dark dungeons, arcane spellcasters face unique

hazards in comparison to their comrades.  They

are extremely vulnerable to physical attacks as

they rarely wear armour and, if forced to ght,

the weapons they carry are rarely effective.  Many

attempt to remedy these weaknesses with spells

and magical or mundane equipment.  While

magical incantations are normally an effective

means to drive away attackers and stave off injury,

few master enough spells to guarantee their safety

at all times, particularly when they face a series

of battles during the course of a day.  Even a

mundane tool is more reliable and easier to use

than an equivalent spell.

Robes and Armour

Thick, steel plates may offer protection against

an ogres club, a goblins arrows or a trolls claws

but, to an arcane spellcaster, such protection is

little more than a straitjacket to choke off and ruin

his magical talents.  Arcane spellcasters disdain

armour, though the development of spells such as

shield and mage armour shows they do consider it

an important resource in battle.  Still, few arcane

spellcasters risk the vagaries of strapping on even

the lightest protection, preferring instead the utility

and comfort offered by a simple layer of robes.

Armoured Sleeves

Strips of resistant material, usually chain links

or exotic hides, can be sewn into the sleeves

of any robe to offer protection to the wearers

arms in much the same way as bracers.  Heavier

and bulkier than normal

sleeves, these do have the

drawback of slightly impeding

arm movement, though the

defence they offer can be quite

valuable.  Armoured sleeves

count as a shield for purposes

of determining what armour

their armour bonus stacks

with.  Their size and general

inexibility prevents a wearer

from using them and another

shield at the same time.

13

ARCANE SORCERY

Robe, Combat

Spells and skill at arms can be a devastating

combination, though the harsh weight and

encumbrance of armour can severely limit a

spellcasters effectiveness.  Mages trained in

the combat arts may still desire useful attire that

caters to both needs, which is where the combat

robe comes in.  Designed with several useful

pockets and cut to allow ease of

motion, combat robes do not offer

any inherent protection of their

own, but they incorporate enough

sections of padding to anchor

defensive magic.  Combat robes

are always of masterwork

quality and accept both

enhancement bonuses and

armour special properties.

Combat robes also have six

easily accessible pockets,

similar in style to deep

pockets robes.

Robe, Combat:  Light Armour; 115 gp; AC +0;

Max Dex +10; Check ; SF 0%; Spd 30 ft./20 ft.;

4 lb.

Robe, Deep Pockets

A favourite of arcane spellcasters who carry a

wide range of material components, these robes

offer a variety of places to tuck

tiny items.  These robes have

small storage pockets sewn

throughout their sleeves,

inner surfaces and other

areas, each designed to

be easily accessible, even

under the most stressful

circumstances.  The

wearer of these robes may

designate up to 24 Tiny

or smaller items to hide

within this clothing.  The

wearer may recover any of

these items as a free action

that does not provoke an attack of opportunity.

Robe, Deep Pockets:  7 gp; 4 lb.

Robe, Misers

This mundane-looking piece of clothing is a

favourite amongst merchants, adventuring wizards

and others who must normally carry gems,

gold, jewels and other small, expensive trinkets

into dangerous areas.  A misers robe has small

pockets set into its hems,

each of which may be sewn

shut with a small cache of

coins tucked inside.  This

robe has four such pockets,

each of which can hold one

Tiny or smaller item or 25

coins.  Finding these pockets

requires a Search check (DC

20) to notice the coins or

jewels tucked between the robes cloth.  Opening a

sewn-shut pocket is a full-round action that draws

an attack of opportunity.  Once a pocket is open,

it must be sewn shut with a needle, thread and a

successful Craft (tailor) or Dexterity check (DC

10) in order to hide the items effectively.

Robe, Misers:  Light Armour; 8 gp; AC +0; Max

Dex +9; Check ; Spd 30 ft./20 ft.; 4 lb.

Robe, Shadowsilk

Stealth and spells can be a lethal combination.

A sudden blast of ames in a dark room can

catch a target unaware, bypassing defences it

would otherwise have active when expecting a

ght.  Since rattling scroll

cases and pouches full of

glass vials are not especially

quiet, shadowsilk robes are

constructed to silence these

little give-aways and allow

stealthy spellcasters to get

the most from their skills.  A

shadowsilk robe is usually

dyed black or dark grey and

includes padded shoes and

sound-absorbing panels,

providing a +2 circumstance

bonus to Hide and Move

Silently checks.

Robe, Shadowsilk:  35 gp; 4 lb.

Robe, Winterbane

Quilted and thickly padded, a winterbane robe

is designed to keep in as much of the wearers

body heat as possible.  Winterbane robes can be

laced closed from neck to ankles and come with

a drawstring hood that can enclose almost all of

the wearers face to provide maximum warmth.

Wearing a winterbane robe reduces the amount of

cold damage suffered each round due to exposure

by 2 points.  This stacks with any other kind of

resistance against cold, as long as it does not come

from clothing or armour.  Wearing a winterbane

14

robe in warm climates is a

very quick way to suffer heat

exhaustion and Games Masters

are encouraged to apply

appropriate penalties.

Robe, Winterbane:  20 gp; 9

lb.

Wizards Armour

An enhancement that may

be added to an existing type

of armour rather than a class

of protective gear of its own,

wizards armour is created by

taking a typical armour design and modifying it

to allow for greater freedom of movement.  An

existing suit of armour may not be modied in this

manner.  Instead, wizards armour must be created

from scratch.  To calculate the

cost and effectiveness of wizards

armour, select a base armour type,

such as chainmail, and determine

the cost and characteristics of

a masterwork version.  Then,

increase the cost by 200 gp,

decrease its armour bonus by 2,

drop its weight by 5 pounds and

reduce its arcane spell failure by

10%.  A suit of wizards armour is

considered to be the same armour

type as its original armour.  For example, wizards

chainmail counts as medium armour.

Wizards Armour:  Heavy, Light or Medium

Armour; +200 gp; AC -2; Max Dex ; Check ; SF

10%; Spd ; -5 lb.

Wizards Clothes

Robes can be a wonderful asset to an arcane

spellcaster, providing ease of recognition as well

as utility.  There are times, however, when being

readily identiable as an arcane

spellcaster is not a desirable

thing.  In these instances,

clothes that serve many of the

same roles as robes can prove

invaluable.  Virtually any set

of garments can be converted

into wizards clothes by simply

adding accessible pockets,

reinforcement for scroll packs,

component pouches and

various modications to hold

the tools of the trade.  While

15

ARCANE SORCERY

wearing wizards clothes instead of robes does not

grant an easily quantied game effect, the mage

garbed in them may appreciate not immediately

advertising his profession.

Wizards Clothes Modication:  +10 gp per

garment.

Mundane and

Alchemical

Equipment

Experienced wizards and sorcerers rarely carry

much non-magical equipment.  Some arcane

spellcasters are so eager to show their skill in

crafting magic objects that they imbue even the

simplest items with arcane power.  Adventuring

spellcasters, on the other hand, will happily carry

any item that is useful to them, whether it is of

mundane or magical origin.  Anti-magic zones,

extreme weather and powerful monsters can make

it difcult to employ a spell or magic item.  The

right tool at the right time can often spell the

difference between victory and defeat.

Acid

You can throw a ask of acid as a

grenade-like weapon.

Acid:  10 gp per ask; 1 lb.

Acid Bulb

An acid bulb is a unique alchemical item usually

found among the undersea races.  It consists of a

thin, hard, spherical shell that is lled with acids

and usually attached to the end of a long thrusting

weapon, such as a spear.  If the wielder of the

weapon succeeds with a touch attack against his

target, the bulb shatters and unleashes the deadly

acid into the water.  This disperses quickly but

does terrible damage while it is present.

The target must make a Reex

save (DC 18) or take 3d6 damage

(save for half).  If he fails the Reex

save, he must also make a Fortitude

save (DC 15) to avoid accidentally

inhaling the acidic water.  If he fails this

save, he takes 1d6 points of temporary

Constitution damage as well.  All those within

ve feet of the target must likewise make a Reex

save (DC 15) or take 1d6 points of damage (save

for no damage).  If the Reex save is failed, the

character must make a Fortitude save (DC 12) or

ARCANE SORCERY

take 1d4 points of temporary Constitution damage.

All those who failed their Reex saves take 1d4

points of damage on the following round, after that

the acid has dispersed.  Additional bulbs placed

on the same weapon (for example, on each tine of

a trident) deal an additional 1d2 points of damage

per bulb.

Outside of the water the bulbs are much less

effective, as the liquid they contain is designed

to disperse in water, not air.  They deal only 1d6

points of damage, affect only the target struck and

there is no chance of inhaling the acid.  The acid

still deals 1d4 points of damage to the target on the

second round.

Alembic, Greater

A complex piece of

glassware useful for

alchemists, the greater

alembic handles several

mundane boiling

and separating tasks

automatically, allowing the user to concentrate

on other, more important processes.  This grants

a +2 equipment bonus to Alchemy checks made

when creating alchemical items.  Greater alembics

have to be replaced regularly; each one is good for

creating three items and if it is not replaced at that

time, the alchemist suffers a -2 penalty to Alchemy

checks made while using it.

Acid Bulb:  90 gp per bulb;  lb.

Alembic, Greater:  100 gp; 2 lb.

Acidic Tar

This thin glass ask contains a quantity of sticky,

acidic tar.  If hurled at a target, the ask breaks

open and the acidic tar deals 1d6 points of damage

per round, remaining effective for 1d4

rounds or until washed off.  If struck

characters are wearing armour, the

armour must also make a Reex saving

throw (DC 12) or be destroyed.

Creatures within ve feet of the point of

impact take 1d4 points of damage from splashes.

These creatures are in no danger of losing

equipment to the acid.

Acidic Tar:  50 gp per ask;  lb.

Alchemists Fire

Alchemists re is a sticky, adhesive substance that

ignites when exposed to air.  You can throw a ask

of alchemists re as a grenade-like weapon.

On the round following a direct hit, the target takes

an additional 1d6 points of damage.  The target can

take a full-round action to attempt to extinguish

the ames before taking this additional damage.

It takes a successful Reex saving throw (DC 15)

to extinguish the ames.  Rolling on the ground

allows the character a +2 bonus, while leaping into

a lake or magically extinguishing automatically

smothers the ames.

Alchemists Fire:  20 gp per ask; 1 lb.

Antitoxin

After drinking antitoxin, a character gains a +5

alchemical bonus on all Fortitude saving throws

against poison for 1 hour.

Antitoxin:  50 gp per vial.

Appraisal Kit

An appraisal kit contains a variety of tools for

identifying substances, alloys and methods of

manufacture.  Using an appraisal kit grants you

a +2 circumstance bonus to any skill check to

determine the value of

a specic object.  The

kit contains enough

disposable materials

to be useful for twenty

skill checks.

Appraisal Kit:  25 gp; 5 lb.

Appraisal Kit, Masterwork

A masterwork appraisal kit is identical to the

appraisal kit in form and function.  However the

superior make and quality of the kit allow it to be

used for thirty skill checks rather than twenty and

provide a +3 circumstance bonus to any skill check

to determine the value of a specic object.

Appraisal Kit, Masterwork:  75 gp; 5 lb.

Barrister Case

A waterproof, armoured case capable of carrying

four spellbooks (or similar-sized items), a barrister

case is an effective way of carrying such valuable

tomes in nigh-complete safety.  Capable of

16

ARCANE SORCERY

Chortle Bomb

These glass asks contain a few ounces of

chortle dander.  When thrown or dropped,

the asks break on impact and the dander

explodes into the air.  Anyone within ve feet of

the area of impact must succeed at a Fortitude save

(DC 16) or fall into painful ts of laughter and

choking.  Those affected are unable to perform any

other actions for 1d4+1 rounds.

Chortle Bomb:  100 gp;  lb.

Concealing Ring

This ring has a large stone set in an ornate setting.

The setting contains a cunningly concealed hinge

and clasp, allowing the stone to rotate aside.

Under the stone is a small compartment, capable of

containing a single dose of poison or other powder.

Anyone using this ring gains a +2 circumstance

bonus to Pick Pocket skill checks to sneak the dose

into food or drink.

Concealing Ring:  50 gp.

Concentration Pie

A favourite among wizards and sorcerers,

concentration pies are small tarts stuffed with

sweet fruit that has been treated in a delicate

alchemical concoction.  The sweet pies are a

common snack during times of magic study

and research, prompting bakeries near arcane

universities to employ alchemists to keep them in

supply.  Baking the alchemical ingredients into a

pastry allows the otherwise unstable properties to

remain potent for up to 10 days.  Creating the pie

requires both an Alchemy skill check (DC 20) and

a Profession (baker) check (DC 15).

When a concentration pie is consumed during a

day spent studying a spell to be transferred into a

spellbook, a +1 bonus is added to the Spellcraft

check required at the end of the day.  In periods of

longer research, such as developing a new spell, a

concentration pie must be eaten during each day of

study to gain the +1 bonus.

A concentration pie does not give a bonus to

identifying spells and magically altered materials,

even when combined with read magic or detect

magic.

Concentration Pie:

25 gp;  lb.

resisting weapon strikes, elemental exposure and

massive abuse, barrister cases have a hardness of

15 and 80 hit points due to skilled construction

and the inclusion of rare materials.  A layer of lead

inside the case prevents most scrying attempts and

no external attack can affect the cases contents

until its hit points have

been exhausted.

Barrister Case:  250

gp; 15 lb.

Burning Glove

This thick leather glove has an interior lining of

re resistant hide; its surface covered with sticky

tar and a variety of reagents.  As a standard action

the wearer may ignite the glove, which then burns

for three rounds.  During

that time any unarmed attack

made by the wearer is a

touch attack that causes 1d6

re damage.  The wearer

takes one point of re

damage every round.  Each

glove can only be used once.

Burning Glove:  50 gp per glove; 1 lb.

Celestialabe

Arcs of carefully crafted bronze and silver orbiting

a complicated arrangement of glass spheres, the

celestialabe is extremely similar to an astrolabe.

Its key difference lies in the fact that it can be

adjusted for changing heavens.  Every piece can

be slowed down, sped up, moved or removed.

Extra pieces are packaged with the celestialabe in

its hardwood case for inclusion if needed.  Using

this device requires an Intelligence score of 12

or greater and four or more ranks in either Intuit

Direction or Knowledge (engineering).

When used properly, the celestialabe prevents any

circumstance penalties from using Intuit Direction

or similar skills in unfamiliar areas, on other

worlds, or when travelling extra-dimensionally.  If

the user requires a skill check or other roll to use

celestial-based

magic, this item

grants a +1

circumstance

bonus.

Celestialabe:

650 gp; 4 lb.

17

ARCANE SORCERY

Dowsing Rods, Arcane

A set of silver-cored rods with slightly bent ends

serving as handles, these items are used to nd

deposits of water or other hidden items.  In the

hands of someone beneting from any form of

detection spell,

these rods provide

a +1 circumstance

bonus to any

checks the spell

may require,

reduce the amount

of time needed

to detect something by one round, or allow

increasingly detailed information one round

faster.  Only one such benet can be gained and

the Games Master determines which one, if any, is

appropriate.

Dowsing Rods, Arcane:  300 gp; 1 lb.

Familiars Pack

A way for familiars and animal companions to

travel in style, this pack is crafted to provide

comfort and protection for its occupant.  Food

pouches, a bladder for water, washable bedding

and litter collection are all amenities the familiars

pack offers.  If the familiar is subject to any attack

that must pass through the pack to affect it, it gains

a +7 cover bonus to its Armour Class.  Reinforced

plating can also be purchased, but this increases

the packs weight and price; these extra panels

provide a +3 armour bonus to the creature inside

the pack at all times.  This bonus stacks with any

other form of armour bonus.

Fire Gloves:  10 gp; 2 lb.

Firebane

Parchment

This durable paper

has been treated in a

solution that gives it re

resistance 5.  Important documents, such as scrolls

and religious scripture, are frequently scribed

on this parchment and wealthy wizards have

spellbooks made from it.  Creating the parchment

requires an Alchemy skill check (DC 15).

Firebane Parchment:  10gp per sheet.

Fireproof Oil

Distilled from a variety of inammable liquids,

materials and reagents, reproof oil increases the

capacity for an item to resist the effects of re and

extreme heat.  Each dose of this

uid may be used to coat one

Medium-size or smaller object.

For 24 hours after the solution

is applied, the object gains re

resistance 5.  Fireproof oil may

not be used on living creatures,

though constructs may gain its

benets.  If spread on a living

creature, the oil acts as a mild

contact poison, dealing 1d2 points of temporary

Constitution damage as its initial damage and

1d2 more points as its secondary effect, DC 12

Fortitude save to resist.  A living creatures skin

absorbs the oil, causing the poison damage and

denying the creature its protective qualities.

Familiars Pack:  90 gp; 4 lb.

Familiars Pack, Plated:  150 gp; 10 lb.

Fireproof Oil:  50 gp per dose; 1 lb.

Fire Gloves

Many alchemists nd that they need to handle very

hot objects for extended periods of time.  These

gloves were made to meet that need.  They have

heavy hide on the palm surface, backed by non-

conductive bres from a particular kind of stone

and a thin, metal mesh.  The innermost layer is

typically heavy cloth.  The

wearer of the gloves has a

2 circumstance penalty to

any skill check requiring

ne manipulation of objects.

The gloves absorb 10 points

of re damage to the hands

every round.

Flare Paste

Flare paste is a heavy, black, slightly

sticky substance that comes in a thick

glass jar.  The jar contains enough of

the paste to cover a 10-foot by 10-foot

area.  When ignited, the paste burns

for two rounds, doing 1d4 damage per round to

anyone that touches it.  The paste burns bright

white and ignites any ammable materials that

touch it while it burns.

Flare Paste:  5 gp per jar; 2 lb.

Foxre

Foxre is the common name for the faintly

luminous oil made by many alchemists.  This oil

18

does not provide enough

light to see by, but does

clearly outline whatever

it covers in low light or

darkness conditions.  When

thrown at a target treat

foxre as a grenade-like

weapon.  Anyone hit by

foxre or within ve feet of

the point of impact takes no damage.  However,

anyone targeting them with an attack has a +1

circumstance bonus to hit for 1d4 rounds.

Fox Fire:  10 gp per ask;  lb.

Gallowgum

The name of this sticky black gel comes from a

gnomes comment about its use; This stuffll hang

anything or anyone.  One half-inch square of

gallowgum will suspend ve pounds of material at

any angle from any surface solid enough to hold

the weight without crumbling.

Removing an item held by

gallowgum after it has been in

contact with it for one full minute

(including ones self, which

encourages swift use) requires a

Strength check (DC 20).  If this

check is higher than the Break

DC of the item itself, a Reex saving throw (DC

15) is needed to keep from damaging the item

during removal.  Damaging a person in this way

inicts 1d6 slashing damage.  Gallowgum requires

an Alchemy skill check to create (DC 20).

Gallowgum:  10 gp per  inch square.

Gelatinous Breath

This foul-smelling slime comes in a watertight

leather pouch and can be inhaled through the

nose and mouth to grant its user the ability to

breathe underwater for 3d6x10

minutes.  Once inhaled, the user

must enter the water within a

number of rounds equal to his

Constitution score or begin

suffocating as the gelatinous

breath prevents air breathing for all but the last 1d6

minutes of its duration.

Rare ingredients:  Gelatinous breath is a

distillation of the mucous cloud secreted by an

aboleth.  This ingredient must remain submerged

in water until it is ready to be processed by an

alchemist for inclusion in gelatinous breath.

19

ARCANE SORCERY

Gelatinous breath requires an Alchemy skill check

(DC 35) to create.

Gelatinous Breath:  250 gp per dose; 1 lb.

Glitter

A pouch of glitter contains a

powder that, when exposed

to air, ares into brief

luminescence.  A pouch

contains enough glitter to

cover a single ve-foot area.

Everything in that area is

covered with the glitter.  When thrown, a bag of

glitter works as a grenade-like weapon that does no

damage.  However, invisible or obscured creatures

within the area of effect are clearly outlined for

1d4 rounds.  At the end of that time the glitter

burns itself out.

Glitter:  25 gp per pouch; 1 lb.

Grease

Grease is a tacky, oily paste that easily slips into

the spaces between two objects.  Grease acts as a

lubricant, allowing things like hinges to work more

easily.  In addition to its mundane application,

many thieves carry around a bit

of grease to make passage into

secured areas easier.  Using grease

grants a +2 circumstance bonus

to picking rusted locks and adds a

+1 circumstance bonus on Move

Silently skill checks to open doors.

Each container of grease has

enough material for ten uses.

Grease:  5 gp per container;  lb.

Hastening Oil

The alchemical opposite of

gallowgum, hastening oil makes

an item or person coated with

it extremely resistant to any

form of adhesion (coating a

Small or Medium-size target

requires 10 full applications of

this oil).  Hastening oil adds a

+10 circumstance bonus to all

Escape Artist checks, makes the anointed target

immune to web spells and similar effects and adds

a +2 circumstance bonus to Open Lock checks

if applied to the inside of a locking mechanism.

Hastening oil wears off after two hours of exposure

ARCANE SORCERY

to air and can be removed with any alcohol-based

solution.  A single ask contains enough hastening

oil for 10 applications.

Hastening Oil:  300 gp per ask; 1 lb.

Ice Cutter

Ice represents a great danger to the

average traveller, not just in terms

of cold but also in terms of its

tendency to cover all useable gear

and make it impossible to get at.

Ice cutter is a combination of two

substances that, when poured onto

ice, melts it at the rate of one inch

per round.  Each vial of ice cutter

can cover a ve-foot square and

cut though up to four inches of ice.

Ice Cutter:  15 gp per application; 1 lb.

Ice-Maker

In the hot lands of the south and in the tropics

many men would kill for something cold to drink.

Ice-maker is a non-toxic alchemical mixture that,

when mixed and poured into

water, chills the water down

below the freezing point.  A

single pouch of ice-maker can

freeze a ve-foot square of

still liquid in ten minutes.

Ice-Maker:  25 gp per pouch; 1 lb.

Icepick

A narrow blade, usually edge-less and tapering

to an extremely sharp point, mounted in a hilt-

less handle of wood or metal, an icepick is an

effective tool in an emergency and doubles as

an etching tool in adverse conditions for rune

work or engraving.  Spellcasters may carry an

icepick because of its utility; icepicks can serve

as weapons if necessary.  Due to their unwieldy

nature, any activity taken with an icepick suffers

a -1 circumstance penalty

(unless, of course, that

activity involves picking

at ice).

Icepick:  Tiny Simple

Weapon; 10 gp; Dmg 1d3;

Critical 18-20/x2; Range

; 1 lb.; Piercing.

Identication Kit

Sometimes an alchemist does not have the space

to carry around an entire lab, but does need

to identify potions.  The identication kit was

designed to meet this need.  It contains carefully

measured reagents, a few simple tools and a

variety of vials.  Using the kit gives the alchemist a

+2 circumstance

bonus on all

rolls to identify

potions.  The kit

contains enough

material for 10

uses.

Identication

Kit:  30 gp; 4 lb.

Identication Kit, Masterwork

The masterwork identication kit is identical in

function to the identication kit.  However, it

contains enough reagents for 20 uses and weighs

one-half again as much as an identication kit.

Identication Kit, Masterwork:  80 gp; 6 lb.

Ink

This is black ink.  You can buy ink in other colours

but it costs twice as much.  A single vial of ink

holds one ounce.

Ink:  8 gp per vial.

Ink, Coloured:  16 gp per vial.

Inkpen

A wooden stick with a special tip on one end.  The

tip draws ink in when dipped in a vial and leaves

an ink trail when drawn across a surface.

Inkpen:  1 sp.

Jesters Bell

A useful tool for anyone

worried about the presence of

hidden gases, a jesters bell is a

wide strip of silk or other sheer

cloth with a bell suspended

on one end.  The other end

normally has a brass-riveted

eyelet, allowing it to be hung

wherever required.  One round

after setting up a jesters bell,

the pressure of any stray wind

or moving gas will catch the

20

ribbon and ring the bell.  Alchemists hang these

over their equipment to warn them of escaping

vapours they might not be able to see or smell.

Jesters Bell:  10 gp.

Mages Component Ring

Simple or ornate, component rings bear a hinged

section where their main stone would normally

be located.  Within

this compartment,

enough materials

can be stored to cast

a single spell of the

wearers choice.  The

Games Master may determine that some spells

have components too bulky to be used in this way.

Mages component rings are an excellent way to

ensure that a vital spells materials are always on

hand.

ARCANE SORCERY

satchels are important carrying containers when

protection from exposure is a must.  Items in a

neverweather pouch cannot get wet, even if the

satchel is completely

submerged and non-

damaging extremes

of heat or cold cannot

penetrate its insulated

construction.  If the

wearer fails a saving

throw on a natural

1, normally resulting in damage to carried items,

a neverweather satchel receives a Fortitude save

of its own using the wearers base bonus or

+5, whichever is higher.  If this saving throw is

successful, nothing within is damaged.  Games

Masters may determine that some damaging effects

bypass the protection a neverweather satchel can

provide.

Mages Component Ring:  25 gp.

Neverweather Satchel:  110 gp; 5 lb.

Net, Handled

A ne, mesh netting mounted on a wooden hoop

set with a long handle, this net is designed to

capture tiny creatures such as butteries, rats and

other pests whose organs may be harvested for

material components.  The handled net works

similar to a normal, thrown net.  It may only be

used against creatures of Fine or Diminutive size.

Using the net is a melee touch attack.  On a hit,

the target is entangled

and suffers 2 on attacks

and a 4 penalty to its

effective Dexterity.

The creature is trapped

within the net and may

not move.  To escape,

the trapped creature

must make an Escape

Artist check (DC 20) as

a full-round action or

tear through the mesh netting (5 hit points; Break

DC 20) to escape.  While trapped within the net, a

creature must make a Concentration check (DC 15)

to cast any spells.

Handled Net:  Medium-size Simple Weapon; 10

gp; special rules; 2 lb.

Neverweather Satchel

Triple-sealed and crafted with several layers

of leather and other materials, neverweather

Otterskin

Waterproong can be an

important consideration

for all sorts of containers.

This treated animal hide,

backed with plant oils and

alchemical derivatives, can

be wrapped around any

object to provide a water-tight seal without altering

or damaging the protected item.  Removing this

faintly adhesive cloth is a full-round action that

provokes an attack of opportunity.  Otterskin offers

a great way to protect easily-ruined individual

items such as spell books or component pouches

on long journeys.

Otterskin:  90 gp per 10-ft. square; 4 lb.

Paper

A white sheet of paper made from cloth bres.

Paper:  4 sp per sheet.

Paralysis Pellet

Effective only when their sticky contents come in

contact with the skin, these one-inch-wide glass

pellets require a successful ranged attack to hit an

opponent.  Creatures struck with the

pellet must make a successful Fortitude

save (DC 13) or be paralysed for 1d6

minutes.

21

ARCANE SORCERY

Rare ingredients:  The paralysing secretions of a

carrion crawler tentacle are required to create a

paralysis pellet.  Enough material can be processed

from a single tentacle to make one paralysis

pellet.  The paralysing substance must be placed

in a tightly sealed container within one week of

its separation from the carrion crawler or become

inactive.  Paralysis pellets require an Alchemy skill

check (DC 30)  and a Craft (glassblowing) check

(DC 15) to create)

Paralysis Pellet:  100 gp per pellet;  lb.

Purity Stone

This greyish stone (roughly the

size of a young childs st) can

be placed in any large goblet.

When drinking from a goblet

with a purity stone in it the

drinker gains a +4 circumstance

bonus to any Fortitude saves caused by poisons

ingested from the goblet, as the stone weakens

the poison.  The purity stone cannot be used to

treat a person who has already been poisoned.  A

single stone can weaken poison in up to a gallon of

liquid.

Parchment

Goat hide or sheepskin prepared for writing on.

Purity Stone:  20 gp;  lb.

Parchment:  2 sp per sheet.

Prism, Spell

An intricately cut glass prism, these items can only

be made through the use of the Craft (gemcutting)

skill.  All of the formulae and incantations needed

to cast a given spell can be engraved on one,

revealing its secrets when light of the correct

colour and intensity is shone through it at the

proper angle.  This allows a mage to encode a

given spell, making it much more difcult to copy

than just writing it in a spell book.  Spell prisms

provide a very stylish way to carry ones arcane

library.  Spell prisms require a Craft (gemcutting)

skill check (DC 25) to create.

Prism,

Spell:  150

gp per spell

level; 1 lb.

Prism,

Alchemical

Similar to a spell prism,

alchemical prisms are used to detail all of the

processes needed to make a particular alchemical

item.  They also incorporate a special light focus

that needs to be applied to the materials during

some crucial step during its construction.  Without

the prism (or knowledge of exactly what light

to shine and where), the creation can not be

completed.  Alchemical prisms offer a special way

to protect the secret of a new invention. Alchemical

prisms require a Craft (gemcutting) skill check

(DC 25) to create.

Prism, Alchemical:  500 gp; 1 lb.

Ruler, Wizards Cloth

Fifty feet of thin silk ribbon, this item is normally

used by apprentices to learn the various diameters

and ranges of common spells.  For more

experienced mages, it still serves as a precise

measuring device and a constant reminder of

correct range estimates.  Carrying a wizards

cloth ruler grants a +2

circumstance bonus to

Spellcraft and Knowledge

(arcana) checks made to

identify spells when range

or area of effect are a

contributing factor.

Ruler, Wizards Cloth:  80 gp; 1 lb.

Rust Orb

The alchemical concoction inside these three-

inch-wide glass orbs causes metal to corrode very

quickly.  The affected item falls to pieces in one

round, becoming useless.  The size of the object

is immaterial; a full suit of armour rusts away as

quickly as a sword.  Magic armour and weapons,

as well as other enchanted items made of metal,

must succeed at a Reex save (DC 15) or be

dissolved.  Striking a target with a rust orb requires

a successful ranged touch attack.

Rare ingredients:  The primary ingredient used

in creating a rust orb is a pair of rust monster

antennae.  Removing the antennae from a dead

rust monster requires a Strength check (DC 20) to

pull them out or some non-metal means of cutting

them off.  Once a rust monster

is killed, the antennae must be

properly treated within two days or

become useless for creating a rust

orb.  Creating a rust orb requires

22

an Alchemy skill check (DC 35) and a Craft

(glassblowing) skill check (DC 15).

Rust Orb:  550 gp; 1 lb.

Scroll, Waterproof

This is a scroll written

with waterproof inks on

water-resistant parchments and then sealed in a

watertight container.  This process adds ten percent

to the cost of the scroll.  Non-waterproof scrolls

are useless within ve minutes of continuous

exposure to water.

Scroll, Waterproof:  110% of scrolls cost.

Scrollcase, Adamantine

This heavy, thick case is extraordinarily difcult

to destroy.  Powerful spellcasters, who commonly

carry scrolls of wish, imprisonment or other mighty

spells, prefer this case for its ability to shield its

contents from all but the most destructive attacks.

An adamantine scrollcase has hardness 20 and 8

hit points.

Scrollcase,

Adamantine:  500

gp;  lb.

Scrollcase, Leather

A simple, hollow,  leather tube designed to hold

rolled-up sheaves of parchment, a scrollcase is a

handy tool for preserving and protecting scrolls.  A

spell or attack must destroy the case before it can

deal damage to the scroll inside.  Each scrollcase

may hold three scrolls.

A leather scrollcase

has hardness 2 and 1

hit point.

Scrollcase, Leather:

1 gp;  lb.

Scrollcase, Mithral

Second only to adamantine in terms of toughness

and durability, mithral is an acceptable substitute

for arcane spellcasters who cannot afford

adamantine cases to protect their scrolls.  A mithral

scrollcase has hardness 15 and 4 hit points.

Scrollcase,

Mithral:  250 gp;

 lb.

ARCANE SORCERY

Scrollcase,

Watertight

Constructed out of

tin, the caps at either

end of this scrollcase

are sealed with wax

to prevent water running inside and ruining the

contents.  Such items are much sought after at sea,

for they are the only realistic way to protect maps

and scrolls from damage.

Scrollcase, Watertight:  5 gp;  lb.

Scroll Dispenser

Finding the right scroll during a heated combat

can be difcult when contending not only with

hostile creatures attempting

to tear the spellcasters head

off, but also the accumulated

junk and supplies so common

in an adventurers pack.  The

scroll dispenser alleviates

this problem by allowing

spellcasters to store up to

twenty scrolls (ve scrolls in

four different compartments)

in a single metal tube.  When

a release stud is pressed at the

bottom tip of the tube, the next

scroll in the corresponding compartment slides

out from the bottom of the tube into the casters

waiting hand (the scroll may be retrieved with only

one hand).  If the dispenser is worn on a belt or

harness, retrieving a scroll is a free action, but does

provoke an attack of opportunity.  Players should

note the contents of each compartment and the

order of scrolls within.

Scroll Dispenser:  150 gp; 2 lb.

Smokestick

This alchemically-treated wooden stick instantly

creates thick, opaque smoke when ignited.  The

smoke lls a 10-foot cube.  The stick is consumed

after one round and the smoke dissipates naturally.

Smokestick:  20 gp.

Spell Component Pouch

A small, watertight, leather, belt pouch with

many small compartments.  A spellcaster with a

spell component pouch is assumed to have all the

material components and focuses he needs except

those that have a listed cost, divine focuses or

23

ARCANE SORCERY

focuses that would not t in a pouch (such as the

natural pool that a druid needs to cast scrying).

Spell Component Pouch:  5 gp;  lb.

Spellbook, Wizards

A large, leather-bound book that serves as a

wizards reference.  A spellbook has 100 pages

of parchment and each spell takes up two pages

per level (one page for 0-level spells).  When

purchased this book is empty.

Spellbook, Wizards (blank):  15 gp; 3 lb.

Stinging Smoke

This glass ask contains a light, acrid

dust.  When the ask breaks open, the

dust ies into the air in a great cloud,

looking like smoke.  The dust is

extremely painful to the eyes, causing

all within 10 feet of the point of impact to make a

Fortitude save (DC 14) or be forced to shut their

eyes, becoming effectively blinded.  The cloud

lasts 2d4 rounds before dissipating.

Stinging Smoke:  35 gp;  lb.

Sunrod

This one-foot-long, gold-tipped, iron rod glows

brightly when struck.  It clearly illuminates a 30-

foot radius and glows for six hours, after which the

gold tip is burned out and worthless.

Sunrod:  2 gp; 1 lb.

Surgeons Kit

This kit of knives and sharpened ints incorporates

very little metal.  The mystical qualities of the

items have been cleansed through intensive rituals

and allow an arcane spellcaster to safely extract

materials and body parts from creatures without

contaminating them.  The character using this

kit receives a +2 circumstance bonus to all Heal

checks made to extract materials from a dead

creature.

Surgeons Kit:  65 gp; 2 lb.

Tanglefoot Bag

Tanglefoot bags can be thrown as a grenade-like

weapon.  When the round, leather bag is thrown

against a creature (as a ranged touch attack), the

bag comes apart and the goo bursts out, entangling

the target and becoming tough and resilient on

exposure to air.  An entangled creature suffers a -2

penalty to attack rolls and a -4 penalty to effective

Dexterity.  The entangled character must make

a Reex save (DC 15) or be glued to the oor,

unable to move.  Even with a successful save, the

target can only move at half speed.

A character that is glued to the oor can break

free with a successful Strength check (DC 27) or

by dealing 15 points of damage to the goo with

a slashing weapon.  A character trying to scrape

goo off themselves, or another character assisting,

does not need to make an attack roll; hitting the

goo is automatic, after which the character who hit

makes a damage roll to see how much of the goo

he happened to scrape off.  Once free, a character

can move at half speed.  A character capable of

spellcasting who is bound by the goo must make a

Concentration check (DC 15) to cast a spell.  The

goo becomes brittle and fragile after 10 minutes.

Tanglefoot Bag:  50 gp; 4 lb.

Thunderstone

Thunderstones can be thrown as grenade-like

weapons.  When they strike a hard surface (or are

struck hard), they create a deafening bang (a sonic

attack).  Creatures within a 10-foot radius must

make Fortitude saves (DC 15) or be deafened.

Deaf creatures, in addition to the obvious effects,

suffer a -4 penalty on initiative and a 20% chance

to miscast and lose any spell with a verbal

component that they try to cast.

Thunderstone:  30 gp; 1 lb.

Tindertwig

The alchemical substance on the end of this small,

wooden stick ignites when struck against a rough

surface.  Creating a ame with a tindertwig is

much faster than creating a ame with int and

steel (or a magnifying glass) and tinder.  Lighting a

torch with a tindertwig is a standard action (rather

than a full-round action), and lighting any other

re with one takes at least a standard action.

Tindertwig:  1 gp.

24

ARCANE SORCERY

Candle, Bright

A bright candle has a mix of

alchemical ingredients in it,

causing it to give off as much

light as a torch.  These candles

last for thirty minutes rather than

a full hour.

Candle, Bright:  1 gp.

Candle, Cold

A cold candle looks like a normal

candle, but instead of a wick it holds

the same substance that lls a sunrod.

It illuminates a ve-foot radius and

lasts for one hour.  The candles burn

underwater and do not give off any

heat.

Candle, Cold:  1 gp.

Candle, Re-lighting

A re-lighting candle cannot

be put out by any means short

of complete suffocation (such

as submersion) after being lit.

Anything else simply puts the

candle out for one round, after

which it re-ignites.

Candle, Re-lighting:  1 sp.

Candle, Standing

This six-foot tall, one-foot wide candle stands

upright on any at surface.  It clearly illuminates

a 25-foot radius and burns for 10 hours.  The

surface of a standing candle is often inscribed with

runes, symbols and other markings that make it

appear magical.

Candle, Standing:  2 gp; 10 lb.

Candle, Self-Lighting

A self-lighting candle has an alchemical starter

mixed in with the wick.  By twisting the wick

sharply it is possible to light the candle without

the application of re.  A self-lighting candle

is in every other way a normal

candle.

Candle, Self-Lighting:  1 gp.

Travelling

Chest

A three-foot by two-

foot rolling chest on

a leash, travelling

chests are a common

hallmark of arcane

spellcasters constantly

on the go.  A travelling

chest can contain an entire, carefully-packed,

alchemy lab, a full supply of components for an

experienced spellcaster, vital scrolls and potions,

or any number of arcane paraphernalia, allowing

only one-quarter of its weight to apply to the

bearers movement encumbrance.  This benet

only applies on passable terrain.

Travelling Chest; 100 gp; 10 lb.

Universal Stylus

A wood, bone, or metal (usually silver) shaft about

nine inches long, the universal stylus has a hollow

writing end that accepts several different types

of point.  This allows one stylus to be used for

various forms of calligraphy and provides a single

handle for the multitude of nibs required for scroll

creation.  The cost of the universal stylus can be

subtracted from the base cost of creating a scroll,

as it only needs to be bought once.  However,

the cost of

creating a

scroll cannot

be reduced

below one

half of its base

cost when the

styluss cost is

deducted.

Universal Stylus:  25 gp; 1 lb.

Arcane

Paraphernalia

Many arcane spellcasters carry a variety of

objects that exist simply to be impressive.

Some of these objects do have other uses, but

those uses are secondary to the projection of a

magical image.

Candle

A candle clearly illuminates a ve-foot radius and

burns for one hour.

Candle:  1 cp.

25

ARCANE SORCERY

Candle, Smoking

When lit, this candle

produces thick coloured

smoke.  The colour of the

smoke is determined when

you buy the candle.  This

smoke does not provide any

concealment bonus but it

does look impressive.

Candle, Smoking:  5 sp.

Candle, Sparking

A sparking candle shoots out st-sized balls

of multicoloured sparks every thirty seconds

to a minute.  These candles clearly illuminate

a ve-foot radius and last

for ten minutes.  The sparks

are harmless but might

light particularly ammable

objects at the Games Masters

discretion.

Candle, Sparking:  5 sp.

Inscribing Paint

Sometimes a good magician needs an impressive

looking, inscribed symbol very quickly.  This

paint does the job, containing both metallic and

black elements in a special mixture.  When used

to scribe ne lines this paint

makes it look as though the

lines are actually inlaid into the

substance, not just painted on

the surface.  This is particularly

useful for creating magical

circles and runes.  A pot

contains enough paint to

inscribe a 10-foot radius

area.

Inscribing Paint:  3 gp; 1 lb.

Ritual Dagger

This prop dagger has a decent steel blade, but an

insane mess for a hilt.  The hilt often looks like

some fanciful subject imagined by its creator, such

as a dragon or animals paw.  These daggers look

impressive (and give the user a +2 circumstance

bonus to Bluff and

Intimidate skill checks

in a ritual) but are

really nothing more

than props.  Using

26

one in combat carries a 1 penalty to attack and

damage rolls.

Ritual Dagger:  Small Simple Weapon; 55 gp;

Dmg 1d4; Critical x2; Range ; 1 lb.; Piercing.

Water Clock

This large, bulky contrivance gives the time

accurate to within half an hour per day since it

was last set.  It requires a source of water and

must be kept still because it marks time by the

regulated ow of droplets of water.  It is primarily

an amusement for the wealthy and a tool for the

student of arcane lore.  Most people have no

way to tell exact time and there is little point in

knowing that it is half-past-two if nobody else

does.

Water Clock:  1,000 gp; 200 lb.

Darkfire Items

Originally developed by subterranean races,

darkre is a combination of minerals and

powdered fungi that have been compressed into

different forms for various uses.  As a standard

action, darkre can be struck against a rough

surface, causing it to burst into ames that are

visible only to creatures with darkvision.  Darkre

can be used to ignite ammable material and

causes 1d6 points of re damage each round that

a creature is in contact with it.  All res lit with

darkre burn normally and are visible to all sighted

creatures.  Darkre may be extinguished normally.

Rare ingredients:  The fungus used to produce

darkre cannot be exposed to light until it has been

processed into a darkre item.  The fungus is only

found deep underground and may be purchased

in many subterranean markets.  It costs 5 gp to

purchase enough fungus to create one darkre

item.

Darkre Arrow or Bolt

These arrows or bolts end in blunted, darkre

tips that burn for two rounds.  The last few inches

of the arrow are constructed of metal to prevent

the darkre from igniting the wooden shaft.  The

added weight causes the range increment of any

missile weapon they are red from to be reduced

by 20 feet.  These projectiles are often used as

signal ares and can be seen from as far away as

500 feet by creatures with darkvision.  Darkre

arrows and bolts require an Alchemy skill check

(DC 30) and a Craft (etcher) skill check (DC 15)

to create.

Darkre Arrow:  75 gp each;  lb.

Darkre Bolt:  75 gp each;  lb.

Darkre Orb

Darkre orbs are four inches in diameter

and have been diluted with non-ammable

mineral powder to give them a burn time

of one hour.  The orbs can be placed in

lanterns, wall sconces or other non-ammable

receptacles and used as torches that increase the

range of darkvision by 30 feet.  Creatures with

darkvision gain a +3 bonus on Spot checks when

a darkre orb is burning nearby.  Darkre orbs

can be extinguished and re-lit multiple times and

they are frequently used as cooking res for dark-

dwelling races. Darkre orbs require an Alchemy

skill check (DC 30) to create.

Darkre Orb:  50 gp; 1 lb.

Darkre Stick

These four-inch-long sticks of darkre are

commonly used for quick signalling, as they only

burn for ve rounds.  When lit, they extend the

range of darkvision by 60 feet and the glow is

visible to darkvision from as far away as 500 feet.

Creatures with darkvision gain a +6 bonus on Spot

checks when a darkre stick is burning nearby.

The sticks cannot be held for more

than two rounds before they cause

re damage to the wielder.  They are

typically thrown or placed on non-

ammable surfaces. Darkre sticks

require an Alchemy skill check (DC

30) to create.

Darkre Stick:  25 gp;  lb.

Trick Staves

A spellcasters staff is more than just an icon of

his standing and power.  It is an important tool

customised to meet its users needs.  The more

customised the staff is, the less likely it is to be

useful as a weapon.  This concern is secondary to

many of the spellcasters who use them.

Staff, Arcane

Made from wood that is either naturally or stained

black, this heavy staff has gold inscriptions on

27

ARCANE SORCERY

it.  The inscriptions might be in Draconic but are

more often simply impressive-looking nonsense.

The narrow end has an elaborate metallic spike on

it.  The head will typically have either a stylised

depiction of some animal (eagles and dragons are

popular) or a massive, rough crystal.  An arcane

staff tends to break when struck rmly against

something, but does provide a +1 bonus to any

Bluff, Diplomacy or Intimidate skill checks to

convince another person of your magical power.

Staff, Arcane:  100 gp; 5 lb.

Staff, Explorers

This smooth, hardwood staff has a few metal

xtures on it that makes it somewhat useful to the

travelling spellcaster.  Unlike many staves, it has

a single, at side making it possible to set it down

without it rolling off.  It has a heavy, metal loop

attached near the middle of the staff, just above

the handgrip.  Furthermore, the staff can bear up

to 200 pounds at its centre point, allowing it to

be used as a brace, leaver, or even anchor without

causing a huge amount of concern.  Finally, the

staff has a slotted foot to which a spike can be

attached, providing a +2 circumstance bonus to

Balance checks to keep footing on icy surfaces.

Staff, Explorers:  15 gp; 4 lb.

Staff, Extending

This item, when purchased, comes in the form of

10 one-foot sections of wood and a pair of metal

caps.  The sections of wood are set with metal on

each end; one bears screw threads and the other is

a sheath tooled to accept those threads.  As many

sections as desired can be put together, resulting

in a staff as long as the bearer wishes.  This has a

number of mundane uses, but spellcasters might

be interested in placing separate enchantments

on each section.  This would allow for a staff

with spell powers that vary depending on what

combination of parts are connected at any given

time.

Staff, Extending:  50 gp; 10 lb.

Staff, Extending, Masterwork:  350 gp; 10 lb.

Staff, Final Strike

This heavy, metal staff is dangerous to use,

dangerous to hold and deadly to be around.  The

surface of the staff is typically scored with a

crosshatch pattern and around the middle of the

shaft is a single, gold band.  Despite its sturdy

ARCANE SORCERY

appearance, the nal strike staff is actually hollow.

Inside it is a dense pack of explosive powder.

When the golden ring receives a sharp blow the

staff explodes, doing 6d6 slashing damage to

everyone within a 10-foot radius.  Anyone in the

area of effect may make a Reex save (DC 15) to

take half damage.  If someone is holding the staff

when it goes off they do not get a saving throw.

A nal strike staff is a fragile item and any hard

knock or sudden jerk could set the thing off.  In

any situation that the Games Master feels warrants

it he may request that the staffs wielder make a

Reex save (DC 13) to avoid setting off the staff.

Additionally any time the staff is directly attacked

or is used to strike another person it has a 30%

chance of spontaneously exploding.

Staff, Final Strike:  150 gp; 10 lb.

Staff, Fire

A re staff is a hardwood staff with an expendable

glass top and a gold-lined reservoir in the

upper part of the shaft.  The reservoir contains

alchemists re.  The rst attack made with a re

staff is a touch attack.  If it succeeds the glass top

shatters, spreading alchemists re on the target.

This causes the target to suffer 1d6 points of re

damage.  If the rst attack misses, the wielder may

keep making touch attacks until he nally hits.

Reloading a re staff is a full round action that

provokes an attack of opportunity.

Staff, Fire:  45 gp; 5 lb.

Staff, Kestrel Stand

A specially-crafted staff with a foot-long,

perpendicular rod attached with a hinge to its

upper end, this item serves as a way for avian

familiars and animal companions to rest within

arms reach of their masters.  A bird (or other

familiar, as several different creatures might enjoy

perching on a kestrel stand) counts as being in

physical contact for purposes of shared abilities.

Many kestrel stands have an attachment to mount a

cuttle stone as a staff topper.

Staff, Kestrel Stand:  50 gp; 4 lb.

Staff, Light

This hardwood staff is typically made of a light-

coloured hardwood, such as maple or birch.  It

has a solid central shaft and tightly bound metal

ends.  The top end has a crystal cap, under which

28

the wielder can t a fuelless light source.  This

allows the wielder to carry a light source with

him without compromising his ability to protect

himself.  It is possible to use the staff as a weapon

without damaging the light source, so long as it is

not used as a dual weapon.

Staff, Light:  25 gp; 5 lb.

Staff, Lightning Node

Another speciality staff, the lightning node staff

bears an insulated handle of leather and cording

around a shaft of steel or other conductive metal.

The bottom end of the staff comes to an anchoring

point and the top splits into a forking pair of tines.

A lightning node staff is used by shoving it into

the ground and releasing it before being struck

by a ranged electrical effect, such as a lightning

bolt spell.  For the staff to work, it must be within

ve feet of the user when the effect occurs.  Half

of the spells potential damage is routed into the

staff, discharging harmlessly into the ground.  The

other half continues on to the user, who benets

then from whatever other defences (evasion, Reex

save, resist elements, etc.) may apply.  A lightning

node staff has a 50% chance of being destroyed

when used in this way.

Staff, Lightning Node:  80 gp; 9 lb.

Staff, Hollow Core

These deceptively simple staves look like any

other ordinary, fairly thick (three-inch-diameter),

wooden staff.  However, in reality they have

a hollow, metal core and at least one way of

accessing the central shaft.  Detecting the access

point is difcult (Search DC 25) and the access

point may or may not be secured with spells or

mundane traps.  The staff can store a total volume

equal to one cubic foot of material, so long as no

part of the material is greater than  of an inch

wide.  The staff is typically used to carry sensitive

letters, illegal spell components and other small

objects that the wielder would rather other people

not see.

Staff, Hollow Core:  150 gp; 7 lb.

Staff, Quick

This ridiculous looking staff has dozens of strings

attached to it.  Attached to the strings are a vast

array of small pouches, dried animal parts, plants,

bird feathers and oddly-shaped rocks.  While

these staves are useless as weapons, they put

the components for as many as 10 spells in the

characters hands.  This means that the character

does not have to spend any time locating the

components of those spells.

Staff, Quick:  1 gp; 3 lb.

Staff, Sage

A wooden or metal walking staff with a built-in

podium on its upper end, these items are invaluable

to scholars who nd themselves reading while

they travel.  While they serve few other useful

functions, the sage staff does provide a subtle

focus for those who use them constantly.  After

one year of regular use, a sage staff grants a +1

circumstance bonus to Knowledge checks if a text

applying to the skill in question can be placed

within it and read while the check is made.

Staff, Sage:  75 gp; 3 lb.

Staff, Thunder

This dark grey staff has a large, metal, animal claw

(often a raptor talon) tted at the top end, typically

made of a somewhat ductile metal, such as copper,

and large enough to hold a single thunderstone.

Although useable as a weapon, the staff is more

often used as a method of escape or distraction.  As

ARCANE SORCERY

a standard action the wielder may swing the staff at

the ground, detonating the thunderstone under the

feet of an attacker in melee range.

Staff, Thunder:  45 gp; 5 lb.

Staff, Walking Stick

This short, stout, wooden rod is normally capped

with a bronze or iron tip.  While useless in combat,

a walking stick provides a +2 competence bonus to

Balance checks if its bearer uses a move-equivalent

action to brace himself against the ground with

it.  The stick provides this bonus only if the

Balance check was forced by unsteady ground, an

earthquake, or similar event  the walking stick is

useless when making a Balance check to walk a

tightrope, for example.

Staff, Walking Stick:  5 gp; 1 lb.

Staff, War

This metal-bound masterwork hardwood staff

is balanced and hardened for use in battle.  It

has a Hardness of 10 and 10 Hit Points.  Many

magicians who nd themselves in the thick of

battle appreciate the heft of these not-terribly-

subtle weapons.

Staff, War:  355 gp; 7 lb.

29

ARCANE SORCERY

Spell Components

Arcane spellcasters rely on all sorts of items and

objects, which many other adventurers regard as

knick-knacks or inconsequential trinkets, in order

to fuel their spells.  A spellcaster may spend hours

within the most unlikely shops trying to track

down specic material components for his latest

spells.  A few shops in the greatest cities, however,

may cater specically for such wielders of the

arcane and attempt to stock as many material

components as they can, no matter how rare the

spell.  The list below is typical of what is on offer

in such shops.

Powdered objects, wire and fur are supplied in

quantities great enough to fuel just one spell.

Other objects may be used to fuel several spells, or

may be consumed in just one casting, as dictated

by the spell used.  All items listed below have no

appreciable weight, though any twenty listed items

will have a combined weight of one pound.  In

addition, the Games Master may like to impose his

own limits  a tentacle from a giant octopus, for

example, is likely to weigh one pound itself!

Spell Component

Bar, Alum

Bar, Flint

Bar, Magnet

Bar, Silver

Bead, Crystal

Bead, Glass

Bell, Crystal

Bell, Tiny

Bitumen, Vial

Blade, Iron

Blood, Human

Blood, Umber Hulk

Bone, Small

Bone, Undead Creature

Brackish Water, Vial

Chain, Silver

Cloth, Ghouls

Coal

Cocoon

Cone, Crystal

Cone, Glass

Cord, Silk

Cotton Cloth Square

Dung, Bat

Cost

3 gp

4 cp

2 sp

5 gp

2 cp

1 cp

18 gp

4 cp

2 cp

3 sp

4 sp

22 gp

2 cp

3 gp

2 cp

12 gp

6 gp

1 cp

4 cp

3 gp

1 gp

2 gp

2 cp

4 cp

30

Dung, Bull

Egg, Rotten

Essence, Will-o-wisp (vial)

Eye, Umber Hulk

Eyelash, Basilisk

Eyelash, Human

Eyelash, Ki-Rin

Eyelash, Ogre Mage

Feather, Exotic Bird

Feather, Hummingbird

Feather, White

Fur, Bat

Fur, Bloodhound

Fur, Bull

Fur, Cat

Fur, Fleece

Fur, Horse

Fur, Wool

Gauze

Glass Eye

Glove, Heavy Cloth

Glove, Leather

Glove, Leather and Ringed in Zinc

Glove, Snakeskin

Glove, Soft Cloth

Gum Arabic

Heart, Chicken

Hemisphere, Crystal

Hide, Chameleon

Honey, Vial

Honeycomb

Horn, Small

Incense

Ink, Lead-Based

Insect, Cricket

Insect, Firey

Insect, Fly

Insect, Glowworm

Insect, Grasshopper

Insect, Spider

Iron from Iron Golem

Key, Brass

Leaf, Ivy

Leaf, Skunk Cabbage

Leather Bellows, Tiny

Leather Strip, Displacer Beast

Leather, Arm Thong

Leather, Cured

Lens, Glass

Lens, Ruby

2 cp

1 cp

60 gp

75 gp

100 gp

1 cp

37 gp

26 gp

8 gp

1 gp

6 cp

2 sp

2 cp

5 cp

2 cp

3 cp

2 cp

2 cp

7 cp

6 gp

8 sp

1 gp

28 gp

2 gp

7 sp

3 sp

3 sp

2 sp

8 sp

6 cp

2 cp

6 sp

1 gp

50 gp

2 cp

4 cp

1 cp

3 cp

2 cp

3 cp

4 gp

1 sp

2 cp

1 sp

2 gp

8 gp

3 sp

1 sp

30 gp

1,650 gp

Lens, Sapphire

Lodestone

Loop, Small Golden

Marble, Crystal

Marble, Polished

Miniature Cloak

Miniature Musical Instrument

Miniature Sword, Platinum

Molasses, Vial

Mushroom Spores

Petal, Rose

Phosphorescent Moss

Pin, Silver

Plaque, Ivory

Pork Rind

Pot, Clay

Powder, Amber

Powder, Animal Hoof

Powder, Black Pearl

Powder, Brimstone

Powder, Carbon

Powder, Carrot

Powder, Charcoal

Powder, Coloured Sand

Powder, Corn Extract

Powder, Crystal

Powder, Diamond

Powder, Dirt from Ghouls Lair

Powder, Dry Tinder

Powder, Dust

Powder, Garlic

Powder, Gold

Powder, Granite

Powder, Grave Dirt

Powder, Herring Scales

Powder, Iron

Powder, Jade

Powder, Lime

Powder, Mica

Powder, Peas

Powder, Phosphorous

Powder, Rhubarb Leaf

Powder, Ruby

Powder, Salt

Powder, Sand

Powder, Silver

Powder, Soot

Powder, Sulphur

Powder, Talc

ARCANE SORCERY

8 sp

1 gp

8 sp

10 gp

2 cp

8 gp

2 gp

8 sp

2 cp

3 cp

6 gp

1 gp

3 sp

2 sp

1 cp

1 cp

1 gp

15 sp

7 sp

2 cp

2 cp

3 sp

1 sp

1 sp

3 sp

4 sp

4 gp

25 gp

1 gp

1 gp

3 gp

1 cp

7 sp

5 gp

5 sp

1 sp

4 cp

28 gp

32 gp

5 sp

3 cp

1 cp

6 sp

2 sp

2 cp

2 cp

2 gp

2 sp

Prism, Crystal

Prism, Mineral

Quartz

Quicksilver (vial)

Reed

Rod, Amber

Rod, Crystal

Rod, Glass

Rod, Iron

Rod, Iron Pyrite

Rod, Phosphorescent Crystal

Rod, Silver

Root, Liquorice

Sheet, Iron

Shell, Egg

Shell, Nut

Shell, Tortoise

Shell, Turtle

Silk Square

Snake Scale

Sphere, Clay

Sphere, Crystal

Sphere, Glass

Spider Web

Sponge

Spoon, Silver

Statuette, Ivory

Statuette, Jade

Statuette, Wax

Statuette, Wood

Stomach, Adder

String

Strip, Ivory

Sunstone

Sweat, Barbarians

Sweet Oil (vial)

Tallow

Tentacle, Giant Octopus

Tentacle, Giant Squid

Tongue, Snake

Vinegar (vial)

Wax

Whistle, Silver

Whitewash (vial)

Wire, Copper

Wire, Copper

Wire, Gold

Wire, Silver

1,500 gp

2 gp

3 gp

1 gp

4 sp

3 gp

12 gp

250 gp

6 cp

3 cp

1 cp

1 sp

2 sp

50 gp

2 cp

3 cp

10 gp

2 cp

500 gp

8 cp

4 cp

1 cp

2 cp

4 cp

4 cp

15 gp

200 gp

3 gp

1 cp

1 cp

2 cp

25 gp

2 cp

1 sp

1 gp

2 cp

250 gp

2 cp

1 gp

1 cp

1 gp

3 cp

50 gp

1 cp

1 cp

5 gp

1 cp

4 sp

1 gp

31

BARDS AND THEATRES

Bards and

Theatres

Although not overly-dependent on tools,

bards can benet from a variety of

specially designed equipment.  Their

primary interest is, of course,  instruments as these

tools for making music are the focus for both their

magic and many of their skills.

Like many elds, music has a variety of exotic

tools that t the needs of the performer.  In some

cases these are simple props designed to evoke a

particular mood or feeling.  In other cases these

items are vital, if esoteric, tools for performing

specialised tasks.  Bards who engage in theft,

smuggling, or other such activities often nd

their unique tools give them a discrete advantage.

People expect to nd strange things in a bards

baggage - they rarely question what they see.

Acrobatic Armour

Bards often nd themselves in dangerous

situations and it benets them greatly to wear

some protection against the slings and arrows

of outraged enemies.  Unfortunately, the bulk

of most forms of armour is detrimental to a

performers ability to tumble, free of physical

entanglements.  Acrobatic armour is a modication

that can be made to any suit of medium or heavy

armour.  The process cuts away clashing sections

and incorporates padding in areas where thicker

materials impede movement.  Medium armour

loses 1 point of armour bonus, while heavy armour

loses 2 points.  The armour check penalty of the

armour is reduced by two points and the wearer

receives a +2 competence bonus to Tumble checks.

Arcane spell failure and the armours maximum

Dexterity bonus are unaffected.

Acrobatic Armour, Heavy:  Base Armour +20%;

AC -2; Max Dex ; Check +2; SF ; Spd ; -5 lb.

Acrobatic Armour, Medium:  Base Armour

+20%; AC -1; Max Dex ; Check +2; SF ; Spd ;

5 lb.

Bag of Glass

One of the simplest props that a

troupe of actors often requires is

one that simulates wealth.  The

bag of glass ts that need nicely

 it contains a variety of different

kinds of coloured glass, cut to resemble gemstones.

These can be handled during performances,

scattered about the stage or pasted onto costumes

as required.  Additionally, a character can drop

a real gem into the bag, shake it up and make it

difcult (Search DC 25) to nd.  A bag of glass

contains anywhere between 50 and 100 coloured

glass gems of various sizes.

Bag of Glass:  10 gp; 1 lb.

Balls, Juggling

These come as a set of ve

brightly-coloured balls balanced

for juggling.  Usable by anyone

with a rank in Perform (juggling), these balls are

eye-catching and increase the amount of money a

character can make each day by 5 sp per hour of

performing.  Juggling is only effective in this way

for two hours per day.  If the juggler possesses the

sneak attack class ability, he may throw one of

these balls at a target within 30 feet and, assuming

the attack hits, inict one point of bludgeoning

damage, plus normal sneak attack damage.  This

attack only works once per encounter and, because

it relies on surprise, must be made before combat

begins.

Balls, Juggling:  8 gp per set; 2 lb.

Bardic Armour

Bards everywhere prize these

nely-crafted suits of armour.

They are typically seen during

high-prole events to which

a bard has either been invited

or is participating in.  The

composition is primarily

hardened leather, outtted

with ne, tooled etchings

and adorned with several

semiprecious-to-precious gems.

Bardic Armour:  Light Armour; 250 gp; AC +3;

Max Dex +6; Check ; SF 10%; Spd 30 ft./20 ft.;

15 lb.

Concealed Armour

Concealed armour is worked into a normal suit of

clothes, generally a long sleeved shirt and trousers

or a full-length dress.  Cunningly incorporated

sections of padding and resistant cloth strips are

woven into a protective shell around the wearers

body, without betraying their existence to the

32

casual observer.  While the suit only offers the

same protection as padded armour, it is always

considered masterwork armour and can be further

enchanted as the wearer desires.  The Spot check

to see concealed armour for what it is has a of DC

25 and must be purposefully made  a passing

glance is insufcient to detect concealed armour.

Concealed Armour:  Light Armour; 160 gp; AC

+1; Max Dex +8; Check ; SF 5%; Spd 30 ft./20

ft.;  10 lb.

Courtiers Outt

Fancy, tailored clothes in whatever fashion

happens to be the current style in the courts of

the nobles.  Anyone trying to inuence nobles or

courtiers while wearing street dress will have a

hard time of it.  Without jewellery (costing perhaps

an additional 50 gp), the character will look like an

out-of-place commoner.

BARDS AND THEATRES

Elegant Clothes

Extremely ne attire, elegant

clothes are to a courtiers outt

what a ne silk shirt is to a

burlap sack.  Simply wearing

these clothes suggests wealth

and power in the right circles,

though they suggest arrogance

and elitism in the wrong

ones.  Both assumptions may

be true or false, depending

on the wearer, but the effect

remains nonetheless.  The

Games Master will determine

who would be impressed by such nery and who

would be offended by it.  Impressed individuals

grant a +2 circumstance bonus to Bluff, Intimidate

and Gather Information checks used against them.

Offended persons impart a -2 circumstance penalty

to the same skills.

Courtiers Outt:  30 gp; 6 lb.

Elegant Clothes:  320 gp; 9 lb.

Disguise Kit

A bag containing cosmetics,

hair dye and small, physical

props.  This is the perfect tool

for disguise and adds a +2 circumstance bonus to

Disguise checks.  It is exhausted after 10 uses.

Disguise Kit:  50 gp; 8 lb.

Dramatic Make-up

Used by stage performers to over-accentuate their

facial expressions, allowing their body language

to be better seen over a distance, skilled artists can

use the same materials to add emphasis up close

as well.  A bard using dramatic make-up properly

(which requires a Disguise check (DC 15) made by

the bard or someone else) adds a +1 circumstance

bonus to all Charisma-based skill checks for one

hour after application.  After this duration, the

make-up has faded sufciently that reapplication

will be necessary.  Dramatic make-up can only

be used for three hours a day

without irritating the skin and

rendering it ineffective.  Each set

of dramatic make-up contains

enough for 10 applications.

Dramatic Make-up:  50 gp; 1 lb.

Elf Cord

Elven musical instruments are well-known for

the purity of their tone and rightly so, as their

instrument makers have had millennia to hone

their craft.  Among their many innovations is Elf

cord  a gossamer-thin, tightly-wound string that is

used in elven harps and viola.  Elf cord holds tone,

resonance and purity far longer than any other non-

magical string and music played on an instrument

so strung haunts those who hear it until the end of

their days.

Elf cord is

extraordinarily rare

and valuable and only

one-in-ve elf masters

plays an elf-corded instrument in his lifetime.  It

is considered an honour beyond imagining for a

non-elf to be given permission to play such an

instrument.

An instrument strung with elf cord grants a +3

bonus to all Perform skill checks.  In addition, it is

absolutely unbreakable by mortal means.

Entertainers Outt

A set of ashy, perhaps even gaudy, clothes for

entertaining.  While the outt looks whimsical,

its practical design lets a character tumble, dance,

walk a tightrope or just run (if the audience turns

ugly).

33

BARDS AND THEATRES

Entertainers Outt:  3 gp; 4 lb.

False Faces Kit

This bardic item is normally

used on stage, allowing

the user to quickly change

disguises during pauses in

a play or production.  The

speed and efciency of a

false faces kit can be used by the less scrupulous

for a rapid identity change on the run.  Consisting

of assembled disguises stored in protective

sections of a slender wooden case, the false faces

kit only provides three different facial disguises

(determined by the Games Master), but each can

be applied in only 1d3 minutes.  Because the

disguise is only to the users face, relying on it

alone carries a -2 circumstance penalty to Disguise

checks.

False Faces Kit:  150 gp; 3 lb.

Flash Dragon

Flash dragons were originally

developed by alchemists as a

showpiece for entertainers.  When this

egg-sized orb of compressed powder

is thrown into a re it ashes into the

shape of a 10-foot-tall dragon with a

20-foot wingspan.  The ash of white light lasts

only an instant but leaves a bright dragon-shaped

spot in the vision of all who view it.  Creatures

within 20 feet of the ashs centre must make

a Reex save (DC 12) or suffer a 1 penalty on

attack rolls for 1d4 rounds.

Although dragons are the most common shapes

created by the ash, other shapes can be designed.

Simple religious symbols, runes, skulls and stars

are not uncommon.  Creating more complex

shapes may require larger or multiple ash dragons

but have no additional effects beyond those

listed above.  Creating a ash dragon requires an

Alchemy skill check (DC 20).

Flash Dragon:  20 gp;  lb.

Gypsys Net

Both a weapon and an article of clothing, a gypsys

net is woven from ne wool, incorporates delicate

bells and is laced with threads of braided steel.

These

nets,

commonly

34

worn as skirts or kilts, also come with a removable

chain hem edged in tiny hooks and blades.  To use

a gypsys net, the wearer must possess both a rank

of Perform (net dancing) and the Exotic Weapon

Prociency (net) feat.  The whirling, acrobatic

ghting style of a gypsy net wielder is impressive

to behold, counting as the performance needed to

use bardic music.

A special manoeuvre is available to users of the

gypsys net.  During any rounds spent folding the

net to be cast again, the hem of blades and hooks

allows the wielder to make slashing attacks for

1d4 damage.  This type of attack does not interfere

with folding the net, which occurs at the same

time.  In all other ways, a gypsys net acts as a net

when used in combat.

Gypsys Net:  Medium-size Exotic Weapon; 80

gp; Dmg /1d4; Critical /x2; Range 10 ft.; 8 lb.;

Special/Slashing.

Hollow-Bladed Weapon

These take the form of any piercing weapon, but

they are most commonly found as daggers or short

swords.  Made to simulate stabbing someone by

having the end of the blade collapse back into the

rest of the weapon, these items have a reservoir

and sponge inside the hilt or handle that squirts

fake blood onto the wound.  On stage this can

be quite dramatic, but hollow-bladed weapons

have another use in the hands of assassins.  The

reservoir can be lled with any contact poison

and inicted through a hollow-bladed weapon as

a touch attack.  A hollow-bladed weapon adds a

+3 circumstance bonus to Bluff checks involving

false assassinations and a blood packet adds an

additional +2.

Hollow-Bladed Weapon:  Original Weapon x5;

Dmg 1 (subdual); Critical x2; Range ; Piercing.

Horn, Speaking

Similar to a listening cone but in reverse, the

speaking horn is a simple wood or leather cone

designed to amplify a characters voice.  A

character using a speaking horn can be clearly

heard up to 10 times his Constitution score in

yards.

Speaking Horn:  4 gp; 

lb.

Jesters Outt

Complete with brightly-

coloured sashes, comic shoes

and bells, the jesters outt

will allow any skilled bard to

properly play the fool.

Jesters Outt:  4 gp; 3 lb.

Lantern, Stage

Stage lanterns are used

to enhance dramatic

performances by shedding

coloured light in specic

shapes through the use of

tinted shutters.  In addition

to their mundane uses, stage lanterns can transmit

messages, send signals over vast distances or

communicate in series with other lantern users.

In fact, an entire language exists that can only be

spoken through specic combinations of shutters

and lamp motions.  This language (Lampspeak)

must be learnt as normal, but it allows essentially

full communication at line-of-sight range without

making any noise at all.

Lantern, Stage:  75 gp; 4 lb.

Magicians Chest

A magicians chest is a

complex piece of equipment

that contains a false bottom

designed to allow access to

the centre-stage trapdoor.  The

chest is also rigged to fall apart

very easily.  In addition to

adding a +2 circumstance bonus to a characters

Hide attempts when he uses the box for its

intended purpose, anyone can cause the box to

fall apart noisily by inicting one point of damage

on it.  This sudden noise causes a distraction that

someone can take advantage of to make a Hide

skill check.  A magicians chest costs 100 gp.

Magicians Chest:  100 gp; 5 lb.

Manikin

A jointed, wood and cloth doll

made to resemble a featureless,

humanoid creature.  In its base

form, a manikin is incredibly

basic, lacking ngers, toes, hair

or other dening characteristics.

Manikins can be used as stand-ins

35

BARDS AND THEATRES

for actors on stage during dangerous scenes with

basic additions of clothing and painted-on features.

Skilled disguise artists can use manikins as decoys,

drawing attention away from others or luring

unsuspecting victims into a trap.  The DC for using

Disguise to make a manikin resemble a specic

individual is increased by +10 from its normal

value.  Manikins have a Hardness of 5, 65 hit

points and a Break DC of 20.

Manikin:  180 gp; 30 lb.

Nobles Outt

This set of clothes is designed specically to be

expensive and to show it.  Precious metals and

gems are worked into the clothing.  To t into the

noble crowd, every would-be noble also needs a

signet ring (see Adventuring Gear) and jewellery

(worth at least 100 gp, or at least appearing to

be worth that much).  Furthermore it would be

advisable to not show up to a ball in the same

nobles outt twice.

Nobles Outt:  75 gp; 10 lb.

Parasol

Used by circus performers as a balance aid,

parasols are surprisingly effective in this role.

Small umbrellas weighted around their edges to

provide a counterweight, parasols are often made

of resistant materials that can function admirably

as small shields.  While they do occupy one hand,

parasols add a +2 circumstance bonus to Balance

checks.  When folded up, a parasol can be used as

a simple weapon.

Parasol:  Medium-size

Simple Weapon; 150

gp; Dmg 1d6; Critical

x2; Range ; Piercing/Bludgeoning; AC +1; Check

1; SF 5%; Spd ; 4 lb.

Phantom Player

A phantom player is a simple frame of wire, wood

and string that allows a bard to play more than one

instrument simultaneously.  The phantom player

is operated by means of a foot pedal and is not a

subtle implement  it is almost

exclusively used in conjunction

with drums or cymbals.

A bard who uses a phantom

player gains a +2 circumstance

BARDS AND THEATRES

bonus to his Perform skill checks when

entertaining a crowd.  The bonus also applies to the

bards countersong ability, but does not apply to

any other use of bardic music.

Phantom Player:  30 gp; 3 lb.

Pocket of Sashes

Most stage magicians carry a number of sashes

that can appear and disappear into various

hidden pockets.  A pocket of sashes contains 12

multicoloured sashes.  One of the sashes contains

within it a length of hard wire, woven into the

material.  This makes it suitable for use as a

garrotte, inicting 1d6 damage per round to an

opponent during a

successful grapple.

Pocket of Sashes:  20 gp;  lb.

Reversible Bardic Doublet

This doublet is a close-tting jacket, with or

without sleeves, that appears to be an ordinary

piece of clothing.  However, it has several plates

of hardened leather sewn between two separate

layers of the fabric.  These plates are sewn to the

inside in such a way that the doublet still moves

inconspicuously.  These doublets can be reversed,

usually with different colours on each side.  This

is a fashionable and

protective piece for any

bard.

Reversible Bardic

Doublet:  Light Armour;

40 gp; AC +2; Max Dex

+8; Check -1; SF 10%;

Spd 30 ft./20 ft.; 10 lb.

Reversible

Clothes

Usually made as a shirt and trousers suit or a dress,

reversible clothes can be pulled off extremely

quickly, turned inside out and put back on with

little effort.  With practice, a set of reversible

clothes can be inverted and worn within the space

of six seconds.  Both sides of reversible clothing

are patterned differently and appear to be of wildly

disparate styles.  Performers use them for quick

costume changes, while folk in less honest lines of

work can use them as nearly instantaneous disguise

attempts.  Reversible clothes reduce the time it

takes to make a Disguise check by 15 minutes and

the Games Master may allow a wearer who uses

reversible clothes to evade pursuers, depending on

the circumstances.

Reversible Clothes:  250 gp; 5 lb.

Royal Outt

This is just the clothes, not the royal sceptre,

crown, ring and other accoutrements.  Royal

clothes are ostentatious, with gems, gold, silk and

fur in abundance.

Royal Outt:  200 gp; 15 lb.

Trampoline

On stage, a trampoline can be used to provide

the illusion of supernatural jumps and ight.  Off

stage, trampolines are of great use to anyone in

need of a little aid during jumps and falls.  The

trampoline listed here is quite small and can be

assembled or disassembled over the course of 10

minutes for easy storage.  When a trampoline is

used in conjunction with a running jump, it grants

a +5 circumstance bonus to the Jump check and

increases the maximum jump length and height

by 5 feet each.  If a falling individual lands on

a trampoline, the fall is treated as being 10 feet

shorter, reducing the damage dealt by one die.

Trampoline:  80 gp; 10 lb.

Tuning Fork

Many musical performances hinge on the ability of

the performers to consistently generate the correct

notes.  This can be difcult, as most instruments

fall out of tune remarkably quickly when subjected

to the lifestyle of a wandering bard.  Fortunately,

dwarven smiths long ago discovered the secrets of

crafting a device of metal that always reproduces

36

a single, perfect note when

struck.  These tuning forks

are actually quite loud  they

can be heard clearly within

a 30-foot radius.  Bards also

use them for signalling, communicating simple

commands and passing messages.

Tuning Fork:  5 gp.

Unicycle

A contraption of wooden poles, metal gears and a

single,  spoked wheel, the unicycle is generally a

curiosity relegated to side-shows, circus tents and

fanciful parades.  To use one, the rider mounts a

tiny seat and pushes against a

pair of small pedals revolving

around a disc mounted to

the unicycles wheel.  When

ridden correctly, unicycles

can perform some amazingly

acrobatic stunts and achieve

high speeds.  Each round spent

riding a unicycle improves the

users base movement by 20

feet per round and requires

a Balance check (DC 15) to

keep from falling off and suffering 1d4 subdual

damage.  Tumble checks can be made while riding

a unicycle, although they suffer a -5 circumstance

penalty.

Unicycle:  250 gp; 15 lb.

Weapon Case

Sometimes a bard needs a backup weapon in case

an encounter goes horribly wrong and combat

breaks out.  Unfortunately these situations often

arise at the very times that a bard cannot carry a

weapon with him.  In recognition of this, many

bards have small compartments built into their

bulkier instrument cases.  Any hard-sided case can

have a storage slot large enough for a single Small

weapon to be placed inside.  Hard-sided cases are

typically used for instruments that are particularly

fragile, such as string instruments and woodwinds.

Weapon Case:  +25 gp.

BARDS AND THEATRES

Masterwork

Instruments

The art of making instruments that express the soul

and emotion of the player remains an elusive one.

The craftsmen who create such instruments may

only produce a few in a lifetime, each suited  to a

particular artist, although most of these items are

beautiful and functional in the hands of any bard.

A standard masterwork instrument provides a

+2 circumstance bonus to Perform checks made

using that instrument.  These rare instruments

are typically made for one bard and passed on

to another, or made by a craftsman who has not

studied the bards personal style.  If the bard

wishes to spend more time with the craftsman

he can create a masterwork instrument that more

accurately suits his needs.  The construction of

these instruments can take weeks or even months.

In return for his investment, the bard receives an

exquisite instrument built specically for him.

The only limit to how many features a craftsman

can put into an instrument is his own skill

and the gold the bard wishes to spend.  These

features work for the bard who commissioned the

instrument, or for a bard who can duplicate the

owners unique style by making a single Perform

check (DC 35).  The effects that a craftsman can

build into an instrument are listed below.

Masterwork Instrument Effects

Effect

Beautiful

Expressive

Inspirational

Martial

Prevailing

Pure

Resonant

Rich

Suggestive

Superior

Craft Modier

+3

+5

+3

+5

+3

+3

+4

+5

+4

+6

Cost

+200 gp

+100 gp

+150 gp

+400 gp

+100 gp

+150 gp

+100 gp

+50 gp

+150 gp

+300 gp

Beautiful

The instrument possesses the ne lines of a

masterpiece.  It is obviously very valuable,

although it may or may not be richly ornamented.

Wood instruments are made of the nest woods,

while those with metal ttings use gold or silver

alloys in their construction.  A beautiful instrument

adds an extra +2 bonus to the players Perform

37

BARDS AND THEATRES

check for purposes of determining how much

income he earns in any given day.

(such as surprise or an ambush), gains a +5

circumstance bonus to their Listen check.

Expressive

An expressive instrument has subtle adjustments

that make it perfect for shaping sound to match the

bards innermost feelings.  When using such an

instrument the bard gains an extra +2 bonus to his

Perform skill check when creating an emotional

effect.

Pure

Pure instruments produce absolutely perfect music.

Their sound has an almost ethereal quality, as if the

instrument were an ideal rather than a real thing.

Using a pure instrument increases the save DC of

sonic- and language-dependent spells cast by the

bard by +1.

Inspirational

The sound of an inspirational instrument being

played can embolden the heart and focus the

attention of even the most dispassionate listener.

Exquisite construction and sweet tones make

music from this form of masterwork instrument

particularly inspiring.  When used to inspire

courage, competence or greatness, an instrument

of this type adds an additional +1 to each of the

bonuses these features provide.  Such intensity is

difcult to maintain for long  any use of bardic

music that benets from this bonus lasts only half

as long as it normally would.  An inspirational

instrument can be played to invoke bardic music

abilities without drawing on its special +1 bonus.

Martial

Often a feature of brass wind or percussion

instruments, martial instruments often provide

rallying calls and mark formation changes on loud,

chaotic battleelds.  Without martial instruments,

commanders would be hard pressed to get their

orders across to distant troops during the heat of

battle.  Masterwork martial instruments draw on

this tradition of warfare to drive those who hear

their brazen tones to greater skill at arms.  When

used to Inspire Courage, a masterwork martial

instrument grants an additional +1 morale bonus

to attack and weapon damage rolls, improving that

bonus to +2 total.

Prevailing

Prevailing instruments have a clear, resonant

tone that manages to rise above the level of other

sounds in the area.  The area a musician can

cover with his use of bardic music while playing

a prevailing instrument is twice normal range.  In

addition, the vibrations a prevailing instrument

generates allow even deaf targets within 10 feet

of a bard to benet from a bardic music usage.

Anyone with a chance of hearing a prevailing

instrument, when doing so could affect a situation

Resonant

A resonant instrument is built so that it can

continue to produce sound after the bard has

nished playing.  Mastering the use of a resonant

instrument is tricky but, once mastered, these

instruments assist the bard by continuing to play

on their own for a full round after the bard nishes

his song.  This enables the bard to take other

actions or even start a new song if he wishes, while

the rst continues to play.

Rich

Rich instruments have a variety of subtle ranges

and tones, allowing the performer to put impressive

nuances into his music.  A rich instrument allows

the bard to add an additional +2 bonus (for a total

of +4) when he assists another musician.

Sibilant

Subtle undertones and quiet reverberations allow

a sibilant instrument to weave a tune within a tune

when playing.  This complex music is perfect

for carrying emotionally suggestive messages,

increasing the DC against a suggestion (whether

caused by a spell or the use of the bardic music

ability) by +2.  If the suggestion is simply an

emotional response or course of action that could

easily be communicated without words, a sibilant

instrument can replace the need for the bard and

the target to share a common language.  Doing

this with a sibilant instrument requires great

effort and playing a song complicated enough

to communicate a bards desires without speech

requires an extra use of bardic music.

Superior

In the course of making masterwork instruments

of any kind, an occasional specimen occurs

that, while it does not specically excel in any

one aspect, every facet of its construction is of

superior quality.  Playing a superior instrument

is a pure joy for a expert musician, with every

vibrant note masterfully reproduced and every tune

38

perfectly created.  Superior musical instruments

add a +3 circumstance bonus to Perform checks,

superseding the +2 bonus a masterwork instrument

grants.

Musical Instruments

A musician is dened as much by the instruments

he plays as by his voice or the quality of his

compositions.  A bard who knows the intricacies

of a wide variety of instruments will be equally at

ease in the court of a king or the local fair.  What is

more, a bard who is famed as the master of a rare

or especially difcult instrument will command

performance fees far in excess of his peers.

Bagpipes

Bagpipes are musical instruments made up of

two parts  an airtight bag into which

air is blown through a pipe called a

chanter and a pair of tubes, known

as drones, that produce the

tone.  Bagpipes are very

popular among military

organisations.

When used in conjunction

with the bards inspire

courage ability, bagpipes

extend the duration of the effect after the bard

ceases performing by one round, to a total of six

rounds.

Bagpipes:  15 gp; 4 lb.

Bellows Organ

A bellows organ is a

massive construct, a jumbled

collection of bellows, pipes,

keyboards and stoppers that

produces such a massive wall

of sound that few can bear

to stand near it.  The keys of

a traditional organ work by

sliding in and out, blocking

or freeing the ow of air

between bellows and pipes.

A bellows organ is simply too large to be moved

 any attempt to do so without dismantling it rst

will destroy it.

A performer who wishes to play a bellows organ

would be well advised to stopper his ears as

anyone within 10 feet of a bellows organs while it

is being played must succeed at a Fortitude save

39

BARDS AND THEATRES

(DC 10), or be rendered deaf for 1d6 minutes.

Taking appropriate measures (covering or plugging

the ears) negates the need for a save.

A bard using a bellows organ in conjunction with

Countersong gains a +4 circumstance bonus to his

Perform check and extends the range of his ability

to 50 feet.

Bellows Organ:  500 gp; 500 lb.

Clappers

Clappers are simply two

boards strung together on a

single piece of rope and they

were often carried by lepers,

who would strike the boards

together as a warning of their

presence.  Clappers were also frequently used as

accompaniment to both vocal and instrumental

performances.

A character who uses clappers as part of a disguise

gains a +2 circumstance bonus to his Disguise skill

check, as no one wishes to look too closely at a

leper.

Clappers:  1 sp; 1 lb.

Drums

Drums come in all shapes and

sizes, from mammoth, kettle

drums made from battered steel,

to small drums that are buckled

to the upper arm and banged to

set the beat of ceremonial dances.

A bard who uses drums in conjunction with his

countersong ability gains a +2 competence bonus

to his Perform check.

Drums, Buckle:  2 gp; 1 lb.

Drums, Kettle:  10 gp; 10 lb.

Drums, War:  10 gp; 5 lb.

Fiddle

Also known as a liri, rebec, viele or viola, the

ddle is an instrument that produces sweet

tones when a string bow is seesawed across its

5 taut strings.  In all its

incarnations, the ddle is

an enormously popular

instrument, seen with

equal frequency in noble

BARDS AND THEATRES

courts and rural inns.

Since ddles, in all their forms, are so widely

enjoyed, a performer need never fear an apathetic

audience  when using a ddle, ignore the rst

2 circumstance penalty when retrying a failed

Perform skill check.  Additional retries with the

same audience, if necessary, incur the normal -2

cumulative penalty.

Fiddle:  50 gp; 1 lb.

Flute

The ute is a long, hollow tube

of wood or metal into which

small holes have been cut.  By

pursing the lips, blowing air

through the tube and using

ngers to cover or open the various holes, the

player can produce owing, high-pitched, melodic

tones that are considered very soothing.  Flutes

are designed to be played either horizontally or

vertically; the latter style of ute is commonly

known as a recorder.

In popular folklore, the soft tones of the ute are

said to have a soothing effect on wild animals.  A

bard who uses a ute or recorder in conjunction

with his fascinate bardic music ability gains a +2

competence bonus to his Perform check, but only

against animals, beasts and magical beasts.

Flute, Metal:  15 gp; 2 lb.

Flute, Wooden:  5 sp; 1 lb.

Haling Drawharp

A haling drawharp is a stringed instrument

related to, and descended from, the ddle.  It

is nothing more than a wooden plate mounted

on a broom handle, with 4 strings of various

length mounted over and through the plate.  The

instrument is played by sliding and twisting the

plate up and down and along the broomstick,

causing the strings to give off warbling tones that

dance all along the scale with a speed that no other

instrument can match.

A bard that chooses to play a haling drawharp

in conjunction with his inspire courage or inspire

condence bardic music abilities grants a +3

morale bonus to saves against fear and charm

effects, a +2 morale bonus to attack and damage

rolls and a +3 competence bonus to skill checks,

but the bonus only applies to allied halings.

Haling Drawharp:  2 gp; 2 lb.

Harp

The harp is one of the

worlds most ubiquitous

instruments, appearing in

some form or another in

almost every culture.  In

every case, it is a stringed

instrument with a wooden

frame of sweeping curves

and delicate, graceful arches.  The number of

strings on a harp varies wildly, from as few as

seven, to as many as 25 or more.  The harp is an

instrument of the genteel, studied by noblemen

and ladies alike, and, in many cultures, it is often

associated with the divine.

A bard who uses a harp in conjunction with

his inspire competence ability can grant a +2

competence bonus to an allied cleric or paladins

turning check.

Harp:  50 gp; 7 lb.

Hurdy-Gurdy

A hurdy-gurdy is a peculiar

instrument, to say the least.  It

has strings like a ddle, though

it uses a hand-cranked, notched

wheel, hidden in the body of the

instrument, to manipulate them,

rather than the traditional bow.

The rst hurdy-gurdies were

fully six-feet-long and required two attendants to

play properly, but newer models are small enough

to be played solo.  A hurdy-gurdy is usually set on

a stool or low bench, with the player sitting behind

it to turn the crank.

Hurdy-Gurdy:  100 gp; 10 lb.

Metronome

A metronome is any device that

can keep a regular, steady beat.

Bards use them for all kinds of

performances, including music,

chants and various plays.  Most

40

BARDS AND THEATRES

metronomes are mechanical in nature, but a few

rare examples are magical constructs that keep

perfect time.  A metronome can also be used to

create a distracting environment.

The trumscheit has only one string and is played

using a two-foot-long wooden stick.  The

trumscheit produces a hollow drumming sound,

which is where its name originates.

Metronome:  80 gp; 1 lb.

Trumscheit:  20 gp; 4 lb.

Portable Organ

A portable organ is a lesser

cousin of the bellows

organ, a small keyboard

that is suspended from the

wearers neck and powered

by a small hand-bellows

that hangs from the left

side.  Portable organs are

popular in street fairs and processionals.

Though a portable organs music cannot match

the deafening volume of its larger cousin, it is

still quite loud.  A bard using a portable organ

in conjunction with his bardic music increases

the effective range of his countersong, inspire

competence and inspire greatness abilities to 40

feet.  He cannot, however, use his fascinate ability

while playing a portable organ.

Portable Organ:  50 gp; 7 lb.

Trumpets

Trumpets evolved

over the course

of centuries, from

a straight metal

tube to a curved horn with multiple valves and a

bell-shaped end for magnifying sound.  Trumpets

are traditionally restricted to musicians in the

employ of the nobility and military.  A bard using

his inspire greatness ability in conjunction with

a trumpet can inspire an extra ally for every two

levels beyond ninth, rather than every three.

Trumpet:  30 gp; 2 lb.

Trumscheit

The trumscheit is an oddly-shaped, three-sided,

stringed instrument.  The tapering body is four-

feet-long, square and at on its lower end  the

instrument is generally played upright, with the at

end serving as a solid base.

Whistle, Screaming

Usually made of brass or bronze, the wailing

shriek of this whistle can

be heard over one mile

outdoors and at up to 250

feet inside.  If the user

of the whistle possesses

four or more ranks in the

Perform skill he can create

a sound much like a humanoid scream.  With skill

and practice, this scream can be slowed and echoed

to sound incredibly lifelike.  Those who hear a

screaming whistle blown by a skilled musician

must make a Sense Motive check (DC equals the

Perform check of the user) or believe the sound to

be genuine.

Whistle, Screaming:  50 gp.

Whistle, Wild

Most who hear this small, tin whistle being blown

do not hear it at all.  A wild whistle generates

an extremely high-pitched note, one that most

humanoid creatures cannot perceive.  Many

animals can, however, and the use of a wild whistle

can greatly increase the effectiveness of animal

training and handling.  Users of a wild whistle

receive a +1 circumstance bonus to Handle Animal

checks and if they possess ve or more ranks in

the skill, they can

decrease the amount

of time it takes to

teach a trick by one

week.

In addition, someone

with eight or more ranks of Perform can blow the

whistle at a high enough pitch to cause any animal

or beast within 30 feet to become shaken.  Blowing

the whistle like this is a standard action that must

be taken each round or the shaken status ends.

Magical beasts cannot be affected in this way.

Whistle, Wild:  50 gp.

41

CLERICS AND TEMPLES

Clerics and

Temples

While the true strength of the cleric lies in

his connection to his church and his

god, his equipment can greatly enhance

his natural abilities if chosen wisely.  This chapter

takes a detailed look into some of the highly

specialised equipment clerics and other religious

adherents may take while adventuring, as well as

those items that can greatly boost the capabilities

of any temple.

Altar Shroud

Similar, but serving an

almost opposite purpose

from, to an altar cloth,

an altar shroud is a

large piece of linen or

silk hemmed in all four

corners to form a cover

for any size of altar.

Often inscribed with

religious symbols of

protection and warding, these cloth wraps keep the

radiance of a consecrated altar bound, preventing

it from being detected magically.  Religious

ceremonies require that the shroud be removed but,

when not in use, a shroud can protect an altar from

unwanted attention.

Altar Shroud:  50 gp; 2 lb.

Back Travois

This device enables adventurers to more easily

carry their fallen comrades out of hazardous

areas so they can receive treatment in a more

hospitable location.  The back travois consists of

a sturdy leather harness (straps and buckles allow

the harness to t bipedal creatures from Small to

Large) and a set of jointed wooden poles.  The

harness and poles connect together to form a

simple triangle of

wood and leather

that can support

creatures of size

Large or smaller.

The open end of the

triangle rests across

the wearers shoulders,

while the tip of the triangle

drags on the ground behind  in

most cases, the head of the fallen is positioned

near the head of the wearer to avoid exacerbating

any injuries.  When wearing a back travois, a

characters carrying capacity is doubled but his

base movement rate is reduced by one-half.  It also

imposes a 5 circumstance penalty to all Dexterity

checks.  A character can only transport individuals

no more than one size category larger than himself

with a back travois.

Back Travois:  100 gp; 20 lb.

Banners

Seen especially among

members of an order,

banners are rectangular,

square or triangular-shaped

cloth with the symbol of the

order the character belongs

to, or the symbol of his god,

appearing upon them.  By

itself, a banner has little effect but, when carried

by a paladin, it can inspire others when it is seen

in a large combat.  A standard bearer customarily

carries a banner but sometimes the paladin himself

carries it.  In oriental cultures, the banner is

strapped to the warriors back to free his hands for

combat.  Common banners are nothing more than

symbols but sacred banners have special effects

for paladins.  A paladin can pour positive energy

into a sacred banner by spending two turn undead

attempts.  Doing so results in his aura of courage

extending an additional 10 feet per class level for a

number of rounds equal to his class level.  A sacred

banner must be blessed by a cleric of the paladins

religion (or alignment) in a simple ceremony.

Banner:  350 gp; 10 lb.

Banner, Sacred:  450 gp; 10 lb.

Blessed Food

Many rituals and ceremonies require the

participants to share in a

meal.  Largely symbolic,

these meals mark an

important point in religious

services, often calling down

the blessings of the divine

upon those who partake

of this specially prepared

and blessed food.  The

exact form of blessed food depends largely on the

religion in question.

Blessed Food:  1 gp per meal;  lb.

42

CLERICS AND TEMPLES

an attack of opportunity; sprinkling is a standard

action and does provoke an attack of opportunity.

Divine Symbol Flask:  50 gp; 1 lb.

Emblazoned Shield

Clerics may have their holy symbol imbedded

into the surface of

their shield.  This

allows them to display

their symbol without

requiring them to drop

or sling their shield,

reducing their exposure

to damage during

hostile encounters.

Note that the price listed

for this does not include

the price of the shield itself.

Any size shield, other than a buckler, may be

emblazoned.

Emblazoned Shield:  +150 gp.

Estuary Case

A specially designed

carrying case made

of blessed woods, as

little metal as possible

and form-tted to hold

items of religious signicance.  An entire set of

candlesticks, implements, statuary and other vital

religious paraphernalia can be held in an estuary

case safely.  Reinforced and consecrated, estuary

cases have a hardness of 8, 20 hit points and any

inanimate item within gains a +1 sacred bonus to

saving throws.

Estuary Case:  120 gp; 12 lb.

Field Healers Kit

Although trained in the healing arts, paladins often

do not have time to tend to a fallen comrade when

he runs out of healing magic, or when the magic

does not apply.  The eld kit is a small box with

the absolute minimum equipment necessary for

ve applications.  Using a eld healers kit grants a

character a +1 circumstance bonus to Heal checks,

but using it in combat is considered a move-

equivalent action instead of a standard action.

Field Healers Kit:  55 gp; 1 lb.

Candlemaking Kit

Good or evil, holy or profane,

the shrines and temples of

almost any deity can be

noted by the large number of

candles that burn within its

connes.  Whether as a symbol of hope, an accent

on an altar top or simply for illumination, churches

consume a considerable number of candles.  A

candlemaking kit is a must for any large temple,

providing all the wicks, tallow or wax and other

accessories needed to produce 500 hours worth of

candles before needing to be replaced.

Candlemaking Kit:  20 gp; 5 lb.

Clerics Travelling Outt

Fancy robes may be appropriate in a high church

during a sacred ceremony, but when priests

are travelling out amongst their diocese or

journeying from town to town, something a little

less ostentatious might be called for.  A clerics

travelling outt is much like standard clerical

vestments but the clothes are more durable and

suited to travel and adventure.

Clerics Travelling Outt:  50 gp; 10 lb.

Clerics Vestments

Ecclesiastical clothes for performing priestly

functions, not for adventuring.

Clerics Vestments:  5 gp; 6 lb.

Diadem

A blessed headpiece, coronet

or tiara that incorporates a holy

symbol into its construction,

a diadem allows a cleric to

access his powers of faith

without occupying his hands.  A

diadem is often a standard piece of clerical regalia,

especially in the upper ranks.

Diadem:  250 gp; 1 lb.

Divine Symbol Flask

This ask acts as a holy symbol as well as a

receptacle for one pint of holy water.  A cap on

the top can be dislodged with a ick of the thumb,

allowing the cleric to scatter the contents across the

area in front of him.  Popping the cap from the top

of the ask is a free action and does not provoke

43

CLERICS AND TEMPLES

Flail, Sprinkling

The head of this ail is hollowed

out, with several small apertures.

It is essentially the warlike

application of a priestly censer, the

hollow designed to contain holy

water that is sprinkled about as the

wielder swings it.  The holy water

inside deals 1d4 extra damage to

undead and evil outsiders.  The

reservoir inside the weapon can

contain enough holy water for six

attacks, whether they are successful or not.

Flail, Sprinkling:  Medium-size Martial Weapon;

12 gp; Dmg 1d8; Critical x2; Range ; 5 lb.;

Bludgeoning.

Font, Great

In a shrine or temple, a font is

a sacred fountain or pool that

holds blessed water.  During

religious ceremonies the water is

often used to douse items, or the

faithful, in the hopes of washing

away impurities.  A great font

measures at least 10-feet by 10-

feet and is usually deep enough

to bathe in.  In extremely large

temples, it may even be deep enough to swim in

or immerse animals like horses.  Great fonts are

used for extremely special rituals, ones that involve

dozens or hundreds of participants who must

receive the blessing that its depths can provide.

Font, Great:  1,500 gp per 10 ft. by 10 ft. section;

1,000 lb.

Font, Portable

At the other end of the size scale from the great

font is the portable font.  Rarely larger than a soup

tureen, portable fonts offer the ceremonial benets

of a font for small shrines and private gatherings.

Because of their size, portable fonts are normally

primed with a full vial of holy water before each

use.

Font, Portable:  150 gp; 4 lb.

Healers Kit

This kit is full of herbs, salves, bandages and

other useful materials.  It is the perfect tool for

anyone attempting a Heal check.  It adds a +2

circumstance bonus to the check.  It is exhausted

after ten uses.

Healers Kit:  50 gp; 1 lb.

Holy Robes

As an alternative means of

protection, many clerics

fabricate their own form of

armour.  These robes are

crafted from durable wool

and blessed with holy water

by the temple priests for

a fortnight before they

are given to a cleric

for use.  It is believed

that the deities of the

temples bless these

robes to protect their

followers.

Holy Robes:  Light

Armour; 250 gp; AC +3; Max Dex +6;

Check 1; SF 10%; Spd 30 ft./20 ft.; 15 lb.

Holy Symbol

A holy symbol focuses positive energy.  Clerics

use them as the focuses for their spells and as tools

for turning undead.  Each religion has its own

holy symbol and a sun symbol is the default holy

symbol for clerics not associated

with any particular religion.

A bronze, copper, silver or gold

holy symbol works no better

than a wooden one, but serves as

a mark of status for the wielder.

Unholy Symbols: An unholy symbol is like a holy

symbol except that it focuses negative energy and

is used by evil clerics (or by neutral clerics who

want to cast evil spells or command undead).  A

skull is the default unholy symbol for clerics not

associated with any particular religion.

Holy Symbol, Bronze:  15 gp; 1 lb.

Holy Symbol, Copper:  5 gp; 1 lb.

Holy Symbol, Gold:  50 gp; 1 lb.

Holy Symbol, Silver:  25 gp; 1 lb.

Holy Symbol, Wooden:  1 gp; 1/10 lb.

44

CLERICS AND TEMPLES

Icon

An icon is a form of religious imagery, usually

crafted as a statue.  Icons come in many different

forms and sizes, from tiny statuary that can

be carried in a clerics pocket to massive glass

windows that dominate an entire cathedral.

Icons can serve as holy

symbols, but only within

the connes of a church

or holy ground dedicated

to the deity the icon

represents.

Icon, Huge:  1,600 gp;

1,000 lb.

Icon, Large:  800 gp; 100

lb.

Icon, Medium-size:  400

gp; 10 lb.

Icon, Small:  200 gp; 1 lb.

Icon, Tiny:  100 gp.

Kneeling Bar

These small, square bars are usually carried

by priests on extended trips away from their

temples.  Used to connect a worshipper to the

energies of his deity, prayer while on a kneeling

bar is metaphysically considered the same as

being in ones homeland.  For certain religions,

this distinction is an extremely important one.  In

desperate times, a kneeling bar can be used as a

club in combat but it must be blessed afterwards

to serve as a prayer

focus once again.

Kneeling Bar:  30

gp; 2 lb.

Ordeal Chamber

Ordeal chambers come in many forms, from

tiny living-cells, barely large enough to sleep in,

to heavy, clay lodges created to entrap heat and

moisture for sweat rituals.  Normally built far from

other structures, these rooms are used to create

privation and suffering in willing subjects.  Users

believe the physical difculties free their minds

from concerns and allow them to interact with

their spirits and with

the divine.  Ordeal

chambers usually

inict 1d4 subdual

damage per hour

Holy Texts

Most priests carry

some form of their

churchs teachings

in book or tablet

form.  These

writings help to conrm and bolster the clergys

faith, especially when they must travel away from

their church.  A holy text cannot normally be used

as a holy symbol but, in an emergency, a cleric

can cast bless upon one, transforming it into a

functional symbol for 24 hours.

Holy Texts:  40 gp; 1 lb.

Holy Vestments

Clerical holy vestments

are blessed to withstand

attacks, protecting their

wearers from harm.  Often

made from silk and wool,

these robes are both

comfortable and easy to

move in.  The symbol of

the patron deity is often

embroidered upon the

centre of the chest of

the robes in the chosen

colours.

Holy Vestments:  Light

Armour; 40 gp; AC +2; Max Dex +6; Check ; SF

5%; Spd 30 ft./20 ft.; 15 lb.

Holy Water

Holy water damages undead and evil outsiders

almost as if it were acid.  Typically, a ask of holy

water deals 2d4 points of damage to an undead

creature or evil outsider on a direct hit or one point

of damage if it splashes such a creature.  Also,

holy water is considered blessed, which means it

has special effects on certain creatures.  A ask

of holy water can be thrown as a grenade-like

weapon.  A ask breaks if thrown against the body

of a corporeal creature, but against an incorporeal

creature the ask must be opened and the holy

water poured out onto it.  Thus, a character can

only douse an incorporeal creature with holy water

if he is adjacent to it.  Doing so is a ranged touch

attack that does not provoke attacks of opportunity.

Temples of good deities sell holy water at cost

(making no prot) because they are happy to

supply people with what they need to battle evil.

Holy Water:  25 gp per 1-pint ask; 1 lb.

45

CLERICS AND TEMPLES

of use, with specic effects and benets (if any)

determined by the Games Master.

Ordeal Chamber:  300 gp per 10 ft. sq.

Pennants

Also called pennons, these small and commonly

triangular pieces of cloth tie near the point of a

lance to identify the warrior more specically

than does a banner.  As with banners, a pennant

lets everybody know where its owner is when it is

raised high and tends to get bloodstained when the

character attacks.  Normal pennants give others

a +2 bonus to Spot checks when trying to locate

a  paladin by sight in the midst of battle.  Sacred

pennants let paladins call upon their faith and

self-condence, allowing them to call for divine

help by spending three turn undead attempts, in

return they receive a +1 sacred bonus to all saving

throws for one round per class level.  All pennants

are custom-made and will not work for another

paladin, let alone a member of another class.

Pennant:  200 gp.

Pennant, Sacred:  300 gp.

Pipe Organ

A massive musical instrument, some pipe organs

cover an entire wall and extend to, or even past,

the ceiling of a large temple.  Pipe organs can be

played effectively only by someone with at least

four ranks of Perform due to their complexity.  If

someone with the Bardic Music class feature plays

a pipe organ during religious services, the range

of any generated effect is extended over the entire

temple grounds.

Pipe Organ:  1,900 gp; 4,000 lb.

Poison Antidote Kit

This healers kit also allows a character to

treat poisons with greater efciency.  Each kit

additionally contains enough supplies to deal with

10 poisoning cases, after which the healer will

need to restock.  When using this kit, the character

receives a +4 circumstance bonus to any Heal

checks made while treating a character suffering

from poison damage.  This bonus replaces the

Prayer Book

Devout paladins have little space to carry religious

items or to risk them being damaged in the

often dangerous situations they nd themselves

in.  These prayer books are smaller than regular

books, though far easier to reference.  Frequently

embossed in gold, with prayers and teachings

specically chosen to cut to the heart of a matter,

they are far easier for a divine spellcaster to

reference when in a hurry.  Using a prayer book

cuts the time a divine caster spends preparing his

spells down to half-an-hour instead of one hour.

Prayer Book:  100 gp; 2 lb.

Preservative Fluid

This alchemical concoction

is useful for preserving

organic tissue for long

periods of time.  A pint

of the uid can be used to preserve a pound of

material for a year, after which it will be necessary

to drain the preservative uid and replace it with a

fresh solution.  This uid may be created for half

the listed cost in a laboratory with a successful

Alchemy check (DC 25).  Clerics most often use

this uid to preserve relics for later dissolution

and preparation but it may also be used to preserve

pieces of a body to be raised later.

Preservative Fluid:  30 gp per 1 pint ask; 1 lb.

Relic Case

This heavy case is lined with numerous straps

and cushions that can be used to safely transport

relics from one location to another.  While the

case was designed specically for relics, any other

item placed within will

be safe from breakage

unless the case itself is

destroyed.  The wide

variety of buckles and

different cushion sizes

allows any item of up to

three feet in length and

two feet in width to be

secured within.  The relic case has hardness 15 and

12 hit points

bonus received from the

healing kit, for treating

poison only.

Poison Antidote Kit:  100

gp; 2 lb.

Relic Case:  75 gp; 10 lb.

Relic, False

It is an unfortunate truth that some merchants

will do anything to make a living, even selling

46

replicas of religious relics while claiming them to

be authentic.  False relics are usually only seen in

small, rural villages with no direct representatives

of the religions involved, as a true cleric devoted to

the relic in question can instantly tell its falsehood

by succeeding at a Knowledge (religion) check

(DC 10).  Approximately half of false relics are

considered masterwork, raising the DC to divine

their fraudulent nature to 20.

Relic, False:  50 gp; 1 lb.

Relic, True

True relics are extremely rare, consisting largely

of the body parts and personal possessions of

the long-gone saints, prophets and martyrs of a

religion.  These items are sometimes grisly, but

body parts are usually contained

in sanctied jars called

reliquaries.  True relics

always count as holy

symbols and, if used in

conjunction with the

other components of a

hallow spell, increase

the duration to permanent.  However, if the relic

is ever removed from the holy site, the spell ends

immediately.

Relic, True:  20,000 gp; 1 lb.

Relic Treatment Tools

The painstaking process of preparing a relic can

be made somewhat simpler by using the proper

tools.  This toolkit holds numerous small pliers,

les, scissors, scalpels and other items useful

for both retrieving a relic from its corpse and for

preparing that relic for use.  A character using

these tools to prepare or retrieve a relic receives

a +2 circumstance bonus to all Heal checks made

whilst harvesting potential relics.

Relic Treatment Tools:  150 gp; 2 lb.

Reliquaries

While battle rages on, paladins have little time to

rummage around their pouches for a magical item,

47

CLERICS AND TEMPLES

which is why they invented reliquaries, special

containers custom-made for relics of religious

importance or magic items.  A reliquary is

specially blessed to allow anyone holding it to use

the properties of the magic item contained within

at will, bypassing some methods of activation.

Making a blessed reliquary requires a divine

caster with the Craft Wondrous Item feat.  If it

was sold, a reliquary would have a market price

of 10,000 gp plus the cost of the item.  The most

important feature of a reliquary is that it does not

ll a limited space for magic items, regardless of

the form it takes.  A medallion reliquary could still

be worn next to a magical pendant, and a reliquary

pouch could hang from a magic belt with no

problem whatsoever.

The second great advantage of a reliquary is that,

depending on the form it takes, it helps its wielder

activate the powers of a magic item by willing it

so (this still takes the normal activation time of

the item), and channelling its power through the

reliquary, as long as the reliquary is in contact

with the wielder (although shrine reliquaries have

a special property that bypasses this).  Items with

a constant effect do not benet much from being

stored in a reliquary, as they are not active unless

commanded, which may be too late to be useful in

an ambush.

A reliquary must be crafted to t a specic kind of

magic item and cannot hold any other.  A reliquary

made for rings cannot t a potion, for example.

Reliquaries made for rings and potions can t any

ring or potion, but those made for rods, wands and

wondrous items can only t that specic item due

to the uniqueness of its shape.  Potions are poured

inside a reliquary and the contents evaporate when

their power is invoked, as if the reliquarys wielder

had imbibed the potion from a ask or vial.  Arms

and armour, staves and certain wondrous items can

only be placed in a shrine reliquary.

A reliquary can take a number of shapes and

forms, but none of them are unassuming.  They

are nely-crafted items with rich ornaments or at

least the symbol of a religion.  In most cases when

a reliquary is found as part of a treasure, it holds

the magical item it was made to safe-keep, but

seldom any indication that it is more than a simple

container.

Medallions

Reliquary medallions are slightly larger than

normal, sometimes as big as the palm of an adult

CLERICS AND TEMPLES

human.  The face opens to reveal

the compartment within, and it is

carved with images both relating

to the religion that made it and the

function of the item it was made to

contain.

Sword Pommels

Paladins prize this form of

reliquary the most, as it allows

them to use the magic item while

ghting without distracting their

attention from their opponent.

Pommels cannot be larger than a

closed st without unbalancing the

weapon.

Rings

Reliquary rings are larger than common rings, for

they must have space for the magic item, which is

often a gem.  This is the smallest kind of reliquary.

Pouch

The size of a spell component pouch, it is more

a box that can be strapped to a belt than a normal

pouch.  The lid is secured with locks and ribbons

and these are the largest of the portable reliquaries,

able to hold the smaller varieties of rods and

wands.

Shrines

From small altars to entire buildings, shrines are an

exception to the rule when it comes to reliquary-

making.  With a special ceremony that involves an

entire night of praying and intercession from the

deity that sponsored the shrines building, a divine

caster (and only a divine caster) is keyed to the

shrine to act as its champion and guardian.  This

champion can invoke the power of the enshrined

magical item as a spell-like ability from any

location within one mile per divine class level.

Only one person can be keyed to the reliquary and

the position can only be passed on voluntarily.  If

the champion dies, a new one must be selected,

who then must undergo the ceremony.

symbol set into its chest.  While sacred

armour does not have any intrinsic

benets, it is always a masterwork

example of its kind and if further

enchanted by a member of its displayed

faith, reduces the base cost of doing so

by 10%.

Sacred Armour:  Original armour

+300 gp.

Sacred Weapon

A masterwork version of whatever

weapon is considered holy by a

given religion, sacred weapons are

consecrated during construction and

usually made from smelted holy

symbols.  Sacred weapons offer a non-magical

+1 morale bonus to attack and damage rolls when

wielded by a member of the same faith.  This

bonus does not stack with morale bonuses from

divine spells.  A sacred weapon does count as

a holy symbol, but only if the wielder has the

appropriate Weapon Focus feat.

Sacred Weapon:  Original weapon +500 gp.

Sacricial Implements

When performing the rites of sacrice, a cleric

must ensure he has the proper tools for the job.

This small collection of blades, saws and chisels

are inscribed with the proper runes or symbols to

appease the clerics deities.  The travelling versions

of these tools are contained in a leather case that

protects and organises them.  Any cleric using the

appropriate sacricial implements is granted a +2

circumstance bonus to all Knowledge (religion)

checks made whilst performing a sacrice.

Reliquary (any):  10,000 gp plus the cost of the

magic item.

Sacricial Implements:  100 gp; 10 lb.

Sacred Armour

This ecclesiastical form of physical protection is

often used to clad temple guards and holy warriors.

Sacred armour is usually inlaid with valuable

materials and always features at least one holy

48

Shamans Outt

A shamans outt includes moccasins, trousers, a

simple shirt and an elaborate (if rather frightening)

mask.  Usually braided into the clothing are a

number of beads and feathers, with painted sigils

and swirls denoting the spirits the shaman is

beholden to.

Shamans Outt:  4 gp; 10 lb.

Sprinkler, Holy Water

The holy water sprinkler is a development of the

incense burners swung during religious services.

Capable of carrying an entire pint of holy water,

the sprinkler is swung in a low arc, showering

all nearby with a ne mist of blessed water.

Swinging the holy water sprinkler is a full-round

action.  However, any undead within 15 feet

will automatically be dealt one point of damage.

Swinging the holy water sprinkler may be done

simultaneously to casting a spell that requires holy

water as a component or focus, in which case the

range of the spell will be increased by 10 feet.

Sprinkler, Holy Water:  20 gp; 1 lb.

Tower Bells

These massive bells must be cold cast, hand-

hammered and hung in a tower for proper effect, a

process that can take weeks of painstaking work.

To be considered for hanging over a temple, a

priest must oversee the entire

process.  A temple getting a

set of tower bells is often a

community gathering event,

with people travelling from

miles around to come hear

them as they mark the start

of worship services.

Tower Bells:  2,000 gp per

bell; 800 lb.

Ceremonial Tools

Clerics often use ceremonial tools when

performing hymns and other rites  they serve as

a focus for the ritualised singing or chanting and

assist the congregation in visualising the desired

effect.  While many of the ceremonial tools found

in this section may be used as weapons, doing so

will immediately destroy their effectiveness as a

religious implement.  In fact, using one of these

tools for any purpose other than that for which it

was blessed will render it useless for performing

CLERICS AND TEMPLES

religious ceremonies of any type.  For this reason,

most ceremonial tools are stored in the sanctuary

of a church and never nd their way outside where

they might be inadvertently ruined.

Athame

This ceremonial, double-edged blade is used by

lead clerics to direct and store the energy released

by their congregations while a hymn is being

performed.  This tool is never used to physically

cut anything, so its

blade is typically

dull but polished

to a mirror-like

nish.  The hilt of

an athame is rarely

crafted from metal; instead, bones and gemstones

are intricately carved and carefully smoothed to

form artistic hilts.

Athame:  Small Simple Weapon; 20 gp; Dmg 1d3;

Critical x2; Range 5 ft.; 1 lb.; Piercing.

Bell

Used to signal the beginning or ending of a hymn

or other ceremony, large bells (or any other ringing

instrument, such as gongs or

cymbals) serve as a crucial focus

in directing the energy of the

congregation.  The bell is often

used in conjunction with the

dorje.

Bell:  100 gp; 5 lb.

Besom

A ceremonial broom, the besom is used to sweep

negativity and lingering traces of energy out of a

sacred space, cleansing it for a coming ceremony.

During a rite, a besom is sometimes burned after

use to negate the darkness it absorbed and banish

whatever might still be lingering behind.

Besom:  1 gp; 1 lb.

Bull-Roarer

A musical wind instrument on the end of a long

cord, a bull-roarer is played by spinning the

49

CLERICS AND TEMPLES

instrument overhead quickly.  The air passing

through the weighted end creates a low, droning

sound believed to be both attractive to good spirits

and repulsive to bad ones.  Some belief systems

make a distinction between which direction a bull-

roarer should be swung, with its effects reversing if

used the wrong way.

Bull-Roarer:  5 sp; 2 lb.

Candle Snuffer

A candle snuffer resembles a clapperless bell on a

long metal arm.  Used to quench candles during a

ceremony, the candle snuffer exists because many

spirits are believed to take offence at ames being

put out with the ritualists own breath.

Candle Snuff:  7 sp;  lb.

Chalice

A large cup, usually fashioned of a precious metal,

which is used to offer wine, blood, water or other

uids to the gods during the

performance of a hymn.  When

the hymn is completed, the

congregation is often offered a

drink from the chalice to seal

their communion with their

god.

Chalice:  100 gp; 2 lb.

Crystals

These semiprecious gemstones, usually clear or

pale-coloured, are sometimes used to mark ritual

boundaries.  Crystals serve as excellent meditation

foci, with spellcasters and vision seekers staring

into their depths during rituals designed to increase

inner consciousness.

Crystals:  1 gp per pound; 1 lb.

Dorje

This short sceptre is representative of both the

divine wrath that smites the wicked and the

indestructible power of faith.  Used in conjunction

with a bell, it serves to balance

the feminine energies of the

hymn with more masculine

forces.  A dorje is often made

from ivory or jade, with

precious metal inlays and gems

set into the tips.

50

Dorje:  Medium-size Simple Weapon; 150

gp; Dmg 1d6; Critical x2; Range 10 ft.; 5 lb.;

Bludgeoning.

Drum

Priests use these simple instruments to help the

congregation focus on the cadence of the hymn

and to keep chants ordered and rhythmic.

Drum, Ceremonial:

50 gp; 5 lb.

Fairy Dust

Rarely created from actual fey creatures, fairy

dust is more often made from ground crystals

and herbal ingredients.  Fairy dust is used

during rites that draw upon the spirit world

or other dimensions.  Some

rituals performed to call upon

the powers of inspiration and

creativity require participants

to sprinkle fairy dust over their

projects.

Fairy Dust:  5 sp.

Fire Wheel

A small, wooden disc with painted parchment

tubes attached at diametrically opposite points,

re wheels are lled with black powder.  When

the powder tubes are ignited, they spew ames

from one end, causing the disc to spin wildly

and generate a high-pitched whistle.  From a

ceremonial standpoint, re wheels are used to drive

off negative inuences and evil creatures that,

theoretically, cannot stand the light and noise.

Fire Wheel:  15 gp; 1 lb.

Graveyard Soil

Many ritual items have gurative names,

suggesting a more exotic or macabre origin than

they really have.  Graveyard soil is an exception,

coming from the turned ground of a grave.

Preferably taken from the root of a tree growing

in a graveyard, this dark soil is burned as a type of

incense during dark rites and, conversely, during

ceremonies designed to

ward off the undead.

Graveyard Soil:  3 gp;

1 lb.

Headgear, Ritual

This catchall category covers

all manner of headgear, from

antlered crowns to swan-feather

veils.  Ritual headgear normally

symbolises the wearer becoming

the creature depicted by the

item.  While these items are not

normally magical in nature, they

take transmutation magic very

easily, reducing the time required to enchant them

to one day per 2,000 gold pieces of the base cost.

Headgear, Ritual:  50 gp; 1 lb.

Horn

Typically taken from a bull, the horn is used

in a manner similar to the chalice, as a tool to

hold liquid offerings to a deity and for divine

communions.

CLERICS AND TEMPLES

are spun to indicate the times when responses from

the congregation are required.

Mani Wheel:  200 gp; 25 lb.

Offering Bowl

Decorated with religious symbols, offering bowls

serve a vital function during ceremonies by

providing a receptacle for

gifts made directly to the

deity itself.  Small samples

of ritual food and drink

are sometimes placed in

offering bowls as a symbol

of feeding them directly to

the divine.  Other times, wealth is placed within

them as a way of supplicating worshipped beings

for their blessing.  After a ceremony, anything

in a collection bowl is burned as a sign of divine

acceptance.

Horn:  20 gp; 3 lb.

Offering Bowl:  40 gp; 2 lb.

Kartika

This elaborately decorated, ceremonial knife has

a wide, crescent-shaped blade that is mounted

perpendicular to the handle.  The knife is used

to represent the severing of physical bonds and

mortal connections; most often a kartikas presence

in a ritual is to spill a small amount of the clerics

blood to serve as a focus for the congregation.

Pendulum

An ornate weight depending from a length of

chain or rope, the pendulum is most often fastened

to the ceiling of the sanctuary.

During the hymn, a cleric sets

the pendulum swinging as a way

to help the congregation enter a

meditative or trance state.

Kartika:  Tiny

Simple Weapon;

2 gp; Dmg 1d3;

Critical x2; Range

5 ft.; 3 lb.; Piercing.

Mandala

A ritual pattern, often made with stones and lines

drawn in a natural substance such as wood or soil,

the mandala is an example of a ceremonial pattern

inscribed to invoke a specic effect over an area

or participant.  These patterns are usually quite

simple and easily repeated during a rite.

Mandala:  1 gp; 1 lb.

Mani Wheel

These large wheels contain

scrolls on which are

scribed myriad mantras

and prayers.  During

the hymn, the wheels

Pendulum:  100 gp; 10 lb.

Pipe

An implement used for inhaling the smoke of burnt

herbs, a pipe is used to both alter perceptions and

symbolise the acceptance of spiritual energies

into the ritualist.  Ceremonial use of a pipe is

often done in a circle,

with each participant

sharing the pipe in

turn.

Pipe:  5 gp; 1 lb.

Portable Altar

Designed with the adventuring cleric in mind,

the portable altar is a heavy, polished, wood

case, properly sanctied by the clerics religion.

Carefully engraved with the symbols and imagery

of the church, the heavy lid opens to reveal a

silk-lined compartment designed to contain a large

amount of religious paraphernalia.  With a fully-

51

CLERICS AND TEMPLES

stocked portable

altar, a cleric can

hold services

anywhere he

travels.

Portable Altar:

160 gp; 12 lb.

Prayer

Beads

Also known as malas, these smooth, polished

beads are strung together on wires of precious

metal and used to count mantras or prayers

during religious ceremonies.  Their distinctive

clicking becomes greatly

magnied during the

performance of a hymn,

serving to keep the

congregation co-ordinated

and focused.

ritual swords are never intended to shed blood,

becoming ruined if they ever do so.

Ritual Sword:  100 gp; 7 lb.

Sacred Cords

A physical representation of energy lines, ritual

cords are tied around objects, people or places to

ritualistically bind them, holding in all of their

spiritual power.  A cord can also be imbued during

ceremonies with certain conceptual properties like

good fortune or blessings.  This is

then tied to a ceremonial subject

to impart that property for as long

as it stays bound.

Prayer Beads:  50 gp; 1 lb.

Sacred Cords:  1 sp per foot.

Prayer Rug

A prayer rug is used to denote sacred space and is

generally used when a specic ritual site cannot be

adequately prepared ahead of time.  Embroidered

with symbolic diagrams, prayer rugs can be laid

down over any space to create a consecrated area

for worship and ceremony.  Prayer rugs are almost

always swept with a besom after use.

Prayer Rug:  80 gp; 5 lb.

Ritual Sword

Ritual swords serve much the same purpose as an

athame.  Also double-edged and straight bladed,

a ritual sword is most often used instead of an

athame when hostile energies or banishments need

to be channelled during a ceremony.  Like athames,

Scourge

These short, leather

whips often have

multiple heads and

are used by the lead

cleric to demonstrate

his physical and

mental discipline.

By ogging himself

with the scourge, the

cleric is also able

to heighten his own

concentration for the

task at hand while simultaneously displaying his

devotion.

Scourge:  Medium-size Simple Weapon; 30 gp;

Dmg 1d2; Critical x2; Range ; 2 lb.; Slashing.

Sea Salt

Collected from salt water, sea salt is generally

purchased as large, composite

crystals and ground during

meditations before a ritual.  Used

in many different ways, sea salt

is most often called upon in its

capacity to cleanse dark energies

from ceremonial tools and

spaces.  Sea salt is preferred over

52

other forms of salt because of its association with

water, the element of life.

Sea Salt:  6 sp; 1 lb.

Singing Bowl and Puja Stick

When the interiors of these

large, metal bowls are

rubbed with puja sticks,

they produce a haunting,

hypnotic pair of wavering

tones.  The sounds help the

congregation to focus and serve as a powerful tool

for meditation.

CLERICS AND TEMPLES

especially when several

different sections of the

congregation are being led in

different parts of a hymn.

Tingshas:  60 gp; 1 lb.

Vase

Sanctied vases are often placed

on the altar during a hymn as a

receptacle for the gathering divine energy.  At the

conclusion of the hymn, the vases are shattered by

the lead cleric, releasing the power and activating

the hymns effects.

Singing Bowl and Puja Stick:  35 gp; 10 lb.

Vase:  40 gp; 2 lb.

Smudging Stick

Ritually signicant grasses or leaves bound

together with cord, smudging sticks are lit on one

end, allowed to burn for a few moments to release

their smoke as incense and then extinguished.  The

charred tip of a smudging stick is used during rites

to mark participants for attention from the spirit

world or to impart protection from inimical forces.

Smudging Stick:  1 gp.

Thurible

Also known as a censer, this is a metal vessel

designed for the ceremonial burning of incense.

The thurible is suspended

on long chains, which are

used to gently swing the

vessel from side to side,

dispersing the fragrant

smoke of burning incense

throughout the temple.

Thurible:  125 gp; 5 lb.

Tingshas

These small cymbals are used by assistant clerics

to signal the beginning and ending of different

sections of a hymn.

Tingshas are also used

to enforce the timing of

chanting during   hymns,

Wine, Ritual

Wine is used in rituals to symbolise blood,

especially during rites that would be tainted by

the shedding of actual vital uids.  Blessed during

a ceremony, wine is often used to anoint objects,

denote lines of power or imbibed to gain the favour

of the divine.  While used in this capacity, any

spilling of sacred wine is considered an extremely

bad omen and is usually grounds for invalidation

of the entire ritual.

Wine, Ritual:  15 gp per bottle; 1 lb.

Sacred Oils

A major component of ceremonial work, sacred

oils are used for a variety of important tasks.

They anoint tools, line the inside of altar cases,

attune the ritualist himself through their scent and

streak the sides of engraved candles burned during

ceremonies.  Sacred oils bring together many other

powerful ingredients, including herbs, organic

essences and ground gemstones.  A single vial of

sacred oil can be the culmination of dozens of rare

and expensive components.

Sacred oil is often a time-consuming construction,

taking days to formulate properly.  One part

alchemy, one part ritual magic, crafting sacred

oils is a ceremony in itself.  Special times of day

must be observed, prayers must be chanted over

the creation equipment and costly containers must

be used to hold the nal product lest it lose its

spiritual potency.

Non-magical sacred oils are taken very seriously as

part of religious doctrine, but enchanted versions

can also be made.  Considered a subset of potion

53

CLERICS AND TEMPLES

creation, magical sacred oils can only be brewed

by divine spellcasters with at least ve ranks in

Alchemy.  Sacred oils are erroneously thought

of as weaker versions of true potions because of

their often-incongruous durations and effects.

Unfortunately, this means sacred oils are not

usually available for sale.  More often, they can

be found within the connes of a temple or other

religious institution as the work of a cloistered

priest.

Regardless of their origin or method of purchase,

enchanted sacred oils are all used the same way.

To gain the benets of a sacred oil, the user must

cover his hands with it and rub it gently across his

temples and both sides of his neck.  Inhaling the

aroma of sacred oil then activates its magic.  This

lengthy anointing makes using sacred oil a full-

round action.  The primary benet of sacred oil

over a potion is that, once applied, the effects of

the oil cannot be dispelled by arcane magic.

Sacred Oils

Sacred Oil

Ash, Oak and Thorn

Briarwood

Cedar

Diamond

Erinyes Tears

Feywing

Hellstorm

Jasper and Yarrow

Leafrot

Myrrh

Nightshade

Purity

Ritual Focus

Cost per Vial

200 gp

85 gp

100 gp

350 gp

125 gp

150 gp

175 gp

200 gp

180 gp

50 gp

150 gp

210 gp

300 gp

Effect

Protection from evil for one full hour.

User gains DR 1/- against piercing attacks for one minute.

User is immune to inhaled poisons for one minute.

Divine favour, at caster level 9.

Charm person on next target of opposite gender that comes

within 10 feet of user.

Air walk, ten minutes duration.

Resist elements (re), at caster level 5.

+1 luck bonus to all rolls for one minute.

Plants touching user during next hour must make a Fortitude save

(DC 16) or wither and die.  Plant creatures take 6d6 once, 3d6

with successful save.

Grants a +1 sacred bonus to wearers next saving throw versus an

undeads special attack.

Users next kiss within one minute is poisonous (DC 18); Initial

damage 1d4 Strength, Secondary 1d4 Constitution.

Aid for one minute.

+1 effective caster level on the users next spell cast within one

minute.

54

Food and

Drink,

Drugs and

Herbs

Many adventurers seem happy to exist on

nothing more nourishing than trail

rations and a mug of ale at the nearest

tavern.  However, the sheer amount of gold an

adventurer can expect to earn during a successful

career allows him to sample the very height of

luxury as far as food and drink are concerned.  In

addition, many adventurers pass up the opportunity

to fortify themselves and expand their abilities

through the use of herbs and drugs.  Many become

suspicious of such concoctions, as they can have

unwanted side effects, but the right brew at the

right time can provide amazing benets.

Ale

This heady, golden beverage is the favourite of

adventurers the world over.

Ale, Gallon:  2 sp; 8 lb.

Ale, Mug:  4 cp; 1 lb.

Baked Garlic

A delicious bulb, usually baked in

a small clay oven and eaten either

whole or spread like a condiment

over toasted bread, baked garlic can be prepared

in a special way to effectively combat vampires.

If the garlic is soaked in holy water and baked in

a blessed oven, the creature consuming it gains a

special benet that lasts 4 hours.  If a vampire uses

its blood drain special attack on someone who has

consumed garlic prepared this way, it suffers 2d4

holy damage and the attack automatically fails.

The pain also causes the vampire to immediately

release its hold on the protected character.

Baked Garlic:  3 cp per bulb.

Baked Garlic, Blessed:  26 gp per vial.

Banquet

A formal, ve-course meal with exotic and

expensive food and drink usually held by a

member of the nobility for several guests.

FOOD AND DRINK, DRUGS AND HERBS

Banquet:  10 gp per person.

Bread

A simple loaf of wheat-our bread.

Bread:  2 cp per loaf;  lb.

Cheese

Cow or goats milk cheese.

Cheese:  1 sp;  lb.

Chicken

A species of fowl raised for its meat, eggs and

feathers.

Chicken:  2 cp.

Cinnamon

An exotic seasoning used to add avour to

otherwise bland dishes.

Cinnamon:  1 gp; 1 lb.

Clean Water

Puried water has a number of uses, from safe

drinking to cleansing healing tools.  Pure water

is almost a must for an alchemist and, when

disease is a concern, it may be

the only thing safe to drink that

is not alcoholic.  Usually created

through heat distillation, clean

water is assumed into the cost

of alchemical crafts and potion

making but if a quantity of it is

needed for other purposes it must

be purchased separately.  If the

Games Master determines that clean water could

affect the outcome of a skill check (such as Heal

or Craft), it may add a +1 equipment bonus to such

rolls.

Clean Water:  5 sp per gallon; 8 lb.

Cow

A bovine animal raised for its meat, milk and hide.

Cow:  10 gp.

Flour

A simple wheat-based powder used for baking.

Flour:  2 cp; 1 lb.

55

FOOD AND DRINK, DRUGS AND HERBS

Ginger or Pepper

Exotic seasonings used to add avour to otherwise

bland dishes.  Also used to make spiced wine.

Pig

A species of animal raised for its meat.

Pig:  3 gp.

Ginger or Pepper:  2 gp; 1 lb.

Goat

A small animal raised for its milk and

wool.

Goat:  1 gp.

Hearty Broth

A combination of vegetables, white meats and

soup stock packaged for easy transportation and

cooking, this mixture is extremely nutritious and

one bowl counts as a complete meal for a Small

or Medium-size consumer.  In addition, there is

some truth to the idea that a good soup can help

relieve colds and other common ailments.  While

a mundane broth cannot cure sickness on its own,

using hearty broth as part of a Heal check to treat

disease grants a +1 circumstance bonus to the

roll.  Even if the check fails the

patient is eating well.

Hearty Broth:  1 gp per 8

servings; 1 lb.

Meals

Poor meals might be composed of bread, baked

turnips, onions and water.  Common meals

might consist of bread, chicken stew (easy on the

chicken), carrots and watered-down ale or wine.

Good meals might be composed of bread and

pastries, beef, peas and ale or wine.

Meals, Common:  3 sp per day.

Meals, Good:  5 sp per day.

Meals: Poor:  1 sp per day.

Meat

A chunk of meat from any number of species of

animal, usually eaten in a thick broth.

Meat:  3sp;  lb.

Ox

A species of animal renowned for its great strength

and fortitude.

Ox:  15 gp.

Rage Wine

Although rage wine is actually a grain alcohol

of sorts, it is typically called rage wine in the

bardic songs written about it.  Most of these songs

involve violence and gratuitous property damage,

and rightly so.  Most drinking establishments do

not offer rage wine for exactly this

reason, though some very rough

taverns might cater to those who

have acquired a taste for its exotic

and spicy avour.  Drinking even

one small glass of this faintly red

liquid causes the imbiber to make a

Willpower save (DC 10) or become

belligerent and dour.  Each additional

glass requires another save and

increases the DC by +4.

Once someone has failed a saving throw against

the effects of rage wine, any little incident will

set them off.  They will then attack the nearest

likely target, ignoring their weapons in favour

of grappling, punching and general brawling

mayhem.  If they have had four or more glasses

of rage wine at this point, they gain the benets of

the barbarians rage class ability for the rst ve

rounds of combat.  While the exhaustion effects of

the rage ability also apply, most drinkers of rage

wine are unconscious long before that becomes a

problem.  A single bottle of this wine contains 24

servings.

Rage Wine:  75 gp per bottle:  1 lb.

Rations, Trail

Trail rations are compact, dry, high-energy foods

suitable for travel, such as jerky, dried fruit,

hardtack and nuts.

Rations, Trail:  5 sp; 1 lb.

Saffron

An exotic seasoning used to add a spicy avour to

an otherwise bland meal.

Saffron:  15 gp; 1 lb.

56

Salt

A seasoning used to add avour to an otherwise

bland meal.

Salt:  5 gp; 1 lb.

Sheep

A docile species of animal raised for its milk and

wool.  Young sheep are often culled for their meat.

Sheep:  2 gp.

Sleepy Tea

An herbal mixture of peppermint, valerian and

other soothing ingredients, sleepy tea is normally

sweetened with a hint of honey and brewed

fresh right before bedtime.  Just the smell of this

tea as it is brewing can lull someone to restful

slumber, while drinking

a full glass of it in quiet

conditions is an almost

guaranteed trip to

dreamland.  Using sleepy

tea can also help ensure

pleasant dreams, granting

a +1 circumstance bonus

to any Willpower saves

made while the drinker is

asleep.  If the imbiber is

having difculty sleeping

for any reason, this tea gives him the option to

willingly make a Fortitude save (DC 16).  Failure

lets him nally get the rest he needs.

Sleepy Tea:  1 gp per 12 servings.

Starberry Fruit

These palm-sized crimson-and-orange fruits have

a thick, edible rind and are extremely juicy and

sweet.  Even their core can be eaten, though most

consumers discard it.  The primary benet of

starberry fruit, which gets its name from the star-

shaped marking around its top where the stem is

attached, is as a portable source of both food and

water.  Eating three starberry fruits a day counts as

all the food and water a Medium-

size creature requires.  Starberry

fruit preserve satises a creatures

food requirements but not its need

for water.  A single jar of preserves

contains enough for 12 servings.

Starberry Fruit:  2 gp per 3 fruit;

1 lb.

FOOD AND DRINK, DRUGS AND HERBS

Starberry Fruit Preserves:  5 gp per jar; 1 lb.

Tea Leaves

An herbal leaf, chopped and dried, that produces a

refreshing drink when added to hot water.

Tea Leaves:  2 sp; 1 lb.

Tobacco

An exotic leaf that produces a thickly avoured

smoke when burnt.  Often used in pipes instead of

pipeweed.

Tobacco:  5 sp; 1 lb.

Travel Bread

Travel bread is a high-energy food, providing

much the same nourishment as trail rations.  In

addition, it does not produce any of the distinctive

smell jerked beef is renowned for, which may aid

in characters avoiding animals and creatures who

might otherwise detect the

scent.  Each loaf of travel

bread provides the same

nourishment as one days

worth of trail rations.

Travel Bread:  3 gp per

loaf;  lb.

Universal Rations

This strange, dark-brown foodstuff comes in

long, thick strips like dried beef and has a slightly

salty smell.  Made from a mixture of plants and

avoured with spices and a touch of meat fat,

universal rations have a singular property that

makes them very valuable to carry  almost

anything can eat them.  Any humanoid, animal or

beast can derive sustenance from these somewhat

chewy strips of vegetable protein, even if no one

actually enjoys doing so.  Rather bland tasting,

universal rations store without any special

preparation and stay as fresh as they ever get for up

to six months before drying out completely.  Even

then, they can be added to a soup or stew.

Universal Rations:  1 gp per 20 servings; 1 lb.

57

FOOD AND DRINK, DRUGS AND HERBS

Wakeberries

Although wakeberries are more rightly called

beans, the name wakeberries has stuck due to

common usage.  Wakeberries are crunchy, bitter

and not particularly tasty, but few eat wakeberries

for their avour.  These dark

beans grant the consumer

a sudden, wakeful burst of

energy, seemingly sharpening

the mind and revitalising tired

muscles.  While the effects

of wakeberries do not last

long, they can be very useful

in keeping up a creatures energy level for a short

time.  Each wakeberry erases one point of subdual

damage, up to a maximum of ve points per day.

Wakeberries can also be ground up and used to

brew a very bitter, acrid tea.  Those who learn to

enjoy wakeberries in any form discover that they

need them every morning to wake up properly,

suffering a -1 circumstance penalty to all skill

checks until they have had at least one brewed cup

or eaten three beans.

Many families have their own herbal recipes

handed down from mother to daughter over the

generations and, obviously, they have their own

names for these concoctions.

Adders Balm

These oil-and-herb-soaked balms are particularly

useful during long term care when a herbalist is

trying to prevent infection.  The balm draws out

poisons and infections from the wound on which

it is placed.  The character using Adders Balm

receives a +2 circumstance bonus to his Heal

check for the purposes of long-term care and

allows the patient to recover 25% more hit points

than normal.  This offers no additional benet to

heal ability damage.  In addition, if a character

with Adders Balm can get to an infected wound

within one minute, he can attempt to remove the

disease before it spreads into the patients system.

The character must attempt a Heal check (DC as

determined by disease +10).  If the heal check is

successful, the patient makes a new Fortitude save.

If this saving throw is successful, the subject is not

infected.

Wakeberries:  1 cp each.

Adders Balm:  50 gp per balm.

Wheat

A common grain ground into our for use in

baking.

Wheat:  1 cp; 1 lb.

Wine

The juice of crushed grapes fermented and aged

to produce an appetising beverage.  The longer the

wine has aged, the greater its renement.

Wine, Common:  2 sp per pitcher; 6 lb.

Wine, Fine:  10 gp per bottle; 1 lb.

Herbal Recipes

The following herbal recipes can be found for sale

in many small towns and villages, as they are often

time-honoured concoctions that common folk

swear by.  Outsiders are often more than a little

suspicious about ingesting or otherwise using such

foul-smelling substances, but the knowledgeable

adventurer may apply them with condence,

secure in his belief that he knows what he is doing.

The herbal recipes that follow are simply for game

purposes.  Often, the concoctions have no real

names and even when they do, they are regional.

Arquefoil Tincture

A powerful analgesic and antiseptic, this greenish,

alcohol-based uid is useful for deadening the

sensation of pain and reducing chances of disease.

Used typically in conjunction with the Heal skill,

arquefoil tincture adds a +1 equipment bonus to

checks made for rst aid, treat caltrop wound or

treat disease.  In addition, if four

doses are diluted with water and

applied over someones entire body,

they receive a +4 circumstance

bonus to saves versus disease and

pain effects for one hour (including

Concentration checks due to injury).

During this time, the recipient has

very little bodily sensation and, as

such, the Games Master must keep

track of their hit points until the tincture wears off.

Arquefoil Tincture:  100 gp per dose.

Bladderwrack Tea

A mixture of bladderwrack and other rare,

purgative herbs, this infusion stimulates the

bodys ability to rid itself of toxins.  As a side

effect, the imbiber will urinate several times

during the two-hour period after drinking this tea.

58

Bladderwrack tea can be stored

after being steeped with no loss

in effectiveness and if taken after

being poisoned, it can delay the

secondary save for one hour after

consumption.  This secondary

save is made at a +2 circumstance

bonus due to the teas special

properties.

Bladderwrack Tea:  120 gp; 1 lb.

Blue Vision

This potent elixir is a hallucinogen ingested by

druids and other seers to enhance the clarity of

their visions.  Once drunk, the elixir takes 1d4+1

rounds to have an effect.  At this point, the drinker

must make a Willpower save (DC 14) or lose his

senses completely.  Even if the character does

pass his saving throw, he suffers a -4 penalty to

his Dexterity and Charisma for the duration of the

effect.  The concoction lasts for 1d6x10 minutes.

During this time, if the character passed his

Willpower save, he may cast any divination spell at

+1 caster level.

Blue Vision:  150 gp per vial.

Bramble Hold

This red-purple compole is brewed from a mixture

of berries native to most temperate forests.  It has

a strong, sweet taste and is often used as a late

evening drink.  Though not inherently intoxicating,

bramble hold has strong magical connotations

and is highly sensitive to the magic of druids and

the fey.  If an enchantment spell of third level or

lower is cast upon bramble hold, it will absorb the

magical qualities.  Bramble hold can only hold

the properties of one enchantment spell at a time

 a new casting destroys the effects of any other

enchantment already held by the recipe.  The

brew can hold the magic for up to 24 hours.  Any

creature drinking the brew is affected as though

they had been targeted by the enchantment.  They

receive all normal saving throws.

Bramble Hold:  300 gp per serving.

Catmint Potpourri

Commonly bundled in small sachets of muslin,

catmint potpourri contains several pungent leaves

and berries.  While the scent of catmint potpourri

is usually too strong to be considered pleasant,

especially by gnomes, its powerful odour makes

FOOD AND DRINK, DRUGS AND HERBS

it useful to rogues and other

individuals who anticipate being

tracked by scent at some point.

Scattering catmint potpourri across

ones tracks will force any creature

using the Scent ability who

encounters it to make a Fortitude

save (DC 18).  Failure robs them

of the Scent ability for one hour.

Catmint, once used, remains potent for six hours,

two if it is raining.

Catmint Potpourri:  80 gp per sachet.

Damiana Oil

An excellent oil for assisting natural healing,

damiana oil is a blend of several rare plants

and seeds crushed under careful conditions and

mixed together with pure ingredients that aid in

the bodys absorption of nutrients.

Applied to the skin of patients

undergoing long-term treatment for

injuries, damiana oil adds three hit

points to their healing rate per day

of care.  One dose is required each

day to obtain this benet.  Each ask

holds 10 applications.

Damiana Oil:  90 gp per 1-pint ask; 1 lb.

Eaglesight

An herbal wash for the eyes, this green-blue uid

sharpens vision and allows the user to see much

farther and in much greater

detail than normal.  While the

effects do not last long, they

are quite dramatic, adding a

+5 circumstance bonus to Spot

checks for 10 minutes.  Once

the wash wears off, the user is

at -5 to all Spot checks for one

minute while his eyes readjust.

Eaglesight:  150 gp per

application.

Fenwater Bile

A rancid, brown-and-grey liquid that does not

seem t for consumption, fenwater bile is proof

that anything good for you is likely to taste

horrible.  Drinking fenwater bile is a sheer act

of will, the liquid equivalent of driving a nail

through your own foot.  Doing so does grant

a powerful benet, however, as all diseases or

59

FOOD AND DRINK, DRUGS AND HERBS

poisons currently in your system

are instantly negated and purged

violently over the course of a full

minute.  This purging is neither

pleasant nor tidy and is best done

in private.  While purging, the

drinker is considered essentially

helpless.  Clean clothes and a bath

are considered vital accessories

when using fenwater bile.

Fenwater Bile:  400 gp per dose.

Gardenia Balm

A fragrant-smelling cream normally applied to the

neck and hands, gardenia balm greatly increases

the wearers ability to focus and persevere despite

distractions.  An application of this balm lasts one

hour, during which time the user

benets from a +2 circumstance

bonus to Concentration checks

made for reasons other than

injury and any skill check made

taking 10 or 20.

Gardenia Balm:  210 gp per application.

Hallowower Essence

A sacred liquid, normally created from owers

harvested in blessed church gardens or raised by

priest of good-aligned religions, hallowower

essence is a very powerful tool against the undead.

Used primarily as an anointing

medium, any weapon coated in

hallowower essence gains the

disruption special weapon power for

the rst strike it makes afterwards.

This can even affect slashing or

piercing weapons.  Hit or miss,

hallowower essence only affects

the rst attack made by the anointed

weapon.  This essence can also be applied to a holy

symbol, adding a +2 circumstance bonus to the

next turning check made using that symbol.

Hallowower Essence:  500 gp per vial.

Hush Berry

This herbal tea allows the subject a restful and

deep sleep.  The character that imbibes the tea

must make a Will save (DC 12) within the hour

or become fatigued.  The character will want to

sleep.  If the character does sleep, he receives a

+2 circumstantial bonus to saving throws against

60

a  nightmare spell or similar effect that interfere

with sleep.  A character under the inuence of

hush berry requires a Will save (DC 12) to wake

from his deep sleep.  After the character receives

eight full hours of sleep or the 24 hours, whichever

comes rst, the effects of hush berry wear off

completely.

Hush Berry:  500 gp per dose.

Icebloom Rose Tea

Made from the pale white petals and bluish hips

of the icebloom rose, this tea imparts the same

ability to endure cold that its winter-thriving

source possesses.  Only available fresh during the

coldest months of each year, icebloom tea grants

the drinker resist elements

(cold) 10 for one hour and fast

healing 1, useful only to heal

cold damage.

Icebloom Rose Tea:  125 gp

per dose.

Jow

Jow is an herbal treatment that is very benecial

for anyone who works in a physically demanding

occupation.  Concocted from a number of

individually toxic herbs and a healthy dose of

strong alcohol, jow is used as a topical ointment;

when rubbed vigorously on bruises and sore

muscles, jow relieves tension and eases stiffness.

Anyone who rubs a single application of jow on

their body heals one additional hit point after a

full day of rest or one additional point of subdual

damage each hour.

Jow:  10 gp; 1 lb.

Jowlnumb

An oral analgesic, jowlnumb is used in many rural

area in small quantities to deal with toothache

and teething pain in infants.  In larger quantities,

it has another use more applicable to adventurers.

Spread over the body, jowlnumb does not affect

the user in any apparent way.  If the wearer is

bitten within an hour of applying

jowlnumb, this concoction

deadens the jaws and tongue of

the creature doing so.  This results

in a -4 circumstance penalty to all

further bite attacks and damage

rolls made by it in the next 30

minutes.  The attacker gets a

Fortitude save (DC 18) to avoid its effects but this

saving throw must be made each time the creature

bites someone protected by jowlnumb.  Each ask

contains enough jowlnumb for 10 applications or

to cover the body of one Medium-size humanoid.

Jowlnumb:  70 gp per 1-pint ask; 1 lb.

Knowing Tree Oil

Made from the bark and roots of a tree rumoured to

be intelligent, knowing tree oil clears the mind and

allows easier recall of memories.  Useful to sages

and scholars of all sorts, an application of this oil

rubbed into the temples grants a +2 circumstance

bonus to Knowledge checks made for

up to four hours afterwards.  A full eight

hours of sleep is needed before someone

can benet from knowing tree oil again.

Knowing Tree Oil:  350 gp per

application.

Lightning Balm

A grey salve made from several exotic

herbs and oils, lightning balm makes the user

less conductive to electricity, limiting the amount

of damage he can take from such sources.  An

application covers the entire body and lasts eight

hours unless removed with soap and water.  While

protected in this way, the user has resist

elements (electricity) 5 and gains a +2

bonus to any saving throw required to

resist or avoid electrical damage of any

kind.

Lightning Balm:  225 gp per

application.

Moneycall Potion

Moneycall potions, rumoured to increase the

imbibers future wealth, are a scam, pure and

simple.  They are included in this list to provide an

example of the sort of false mixtures scoundrels

may try to foist on unsuspecting adventurers

and common folk alike.  Since herbal

mixtures do not normally radiate magic,

it is very difcult to determine whether

a given sample will work as advertised

until one uses it.  By then, of course,

the seller has long since departed to nd

gullible victims elsewhere.

Moneycall Potions:  500 gp minimum

per potion.

FOOD AND DRINK, DRUGS AND HERBS

Nights Cream

A black balm, made from squid ink and other

emollients, this formula darkens the skin

harmlessly and can be applied to most surfaces

without damaging them or causing permanent

discoloration.  When used by someone skilled

in concealment (possessing at least four ranks of

Hide), nights cream adds a +3

circumstance bonus to Hide

checks.  Individuals also skilled

in using make-up properly

(possessing at least 4 ranks in

Disguise) increase this bonus to

+5.  Removing this cream takes one hour and faint

traces of its use remain on the skin for up to four

days unless magical healing is applied.

Nights Cream:  250 gp per application.

Nightingale Balm

A relatively common herbal recipe,  nightingale

balm is applied to bruises and other light injuries.

Characters suffering from such scrapes and bumps

will recover far more quickly.  A character using

nightingale balm will recover subdual damage at

double the normal rate.

Nightingale Balm:  4 gp per

application.

Openquiet Oil

An extremely thick, slippery oil,

openquiet oil is of great use to anyone dealing with

noisy hinges or similar problems.  An application

of openquiet oil is normally enough to treat ten

hinges, allowing them to be used without making

any noise at all.  There is a 10% chance when

applying openquiet oil that a given hinge will not

be silenced by it, no matter how

much is applied.  When it does

work, nearby creatures are not

allowed a Listen check to detect the

opening door.

Openquiet Oil:  90 gp per

application.

Poisonbane

A preventative, poisonbane works by subtly

poisoning the imbiber.  This keeps any other

poison from having much ability to further affect

the subject, granting a +4 bonus to initial Fortitude

saves against poison of any non-magical sort.

Secondary saves are automatically successful.

61

FOOD AND DRINK, DRUGS AND HERBS

Poisonbane lasts for two hours per

application and, while it is in effect,

the drinker suffers a 2 penalty

to a given statistic.  Versions of

poisonbane exist for each statistic

and users are encouraged to choose

a version that does not impair their

important abilities.

Poisonbane:  300 gp per vial.

Quickenberry Tea

Drinkers of the surprisingly tasty quickenberry

tea nd that their reaction speeds and endurance

are slightly increased.  This results in ve feet per

round being added to their base movement rate,

which stacks with feats and class features that

increase movement but not

with spells that do the same.

Magical effects supersede the

benets of quickenberry tea.

Quickenberry Tea:  140 gp per serving.

Ratspaw Poultice

Rats, the perennial carriers of disease, are useful

in that their bodies possess the endurance to resist

the ravages of the plagues they transmit.  Rat

paws, ground up and added to medicinal herbs,

can be used as a poultice for diseased

wounds.  When a ratspaw poultice is

used as part of a healing attempt to

treat a disease caused by a physical

wound, the check is automatically

successful.

Ratspaw Poultice:  80 gp per

poultice.

Speaksweet Brew

A valuable drink for bards, public speakers and

others who rely on their voice to inuence others,

speaksweet brew affects the throat and vocal cords

of the drinker in a powerfully benecial way.  For

one hour after drinking a hot cup of speaksweet

brew, the user gains a +2 bonus to any Charisma-

based skill checks.  A double dosage of speaksweet

can grant a bard an additional use of the bardic

music class feature, but doing so keeps the bard

from being able to benet from speaksweet again

for 24 hours.

Speaksweet Brew:  280 gp per dose.

62

Swines Rest

A single brew of this herbal remedy can be

lathered into the skin to provide protection from

sunburn.  The brew has a sweet but not unpleasant

aroma.  Many commoners in hotter climes make

extensive use of swines rest if they are prone to

sunburn.  Swines rest offers no other benet to

resisting the effects of heat and will only work

against cosmetic damage to the skin.

Swines Rest:  10 gp per application.

Twinklejuice

Twinklejuice comes in two

separate vials, both only half-

lled.  To use twinklejuice, one

vial is poured into the other and

shaken vigorously.  One round

later, the mixture begins to

glow as brightly as a torch and

remains luminous for two hours.

If the vial is shattered and its glowing contents

allowed to scatter, it shines with the equivalent of a

daylight spell.  Once exposed to the air in this way,

twinklejuice quickly degrades and stops glowing

after only one second for each minute of duration

it had remaining.

Twinklejuice:  200 gp.

Unicorns Horn

A small, twisted shard of what appears

to be aged ivory, unicorns horn is

actually a harvested piece of dried root.

If chewed for a full minute and then

swallowed, unicorns horn cures one

point of temporary Constitution damage

and restores four points of subdual

damage.  If ten pieces of unicorns horn

are steeped like a tea for 10 minutes

in hot water, the resulting bitter drink

restores 1d4+1 points of temporary

Constitution damage and 20 points of

subdual damage.

Unicorns Horn:  80 gp per piece.

Vileblossom Essence

A hideous smelling liquid, vileblossom essence

must be kept in an airtight container at all times

or its effectiveness is ruined.  Used as a grenade-

like missile weapon, vileblossom essence creates

a 10-foot-radius cloud of white vapours that acts

as a stinking cloud spell on anyone caught within.

Its lingering effects only last one

round after leaving the area and

the Fortitude saving throw DC to

resist the stench is 15, due to the

potency of the formula.

Vileblossom Essence:  350 gp

per ask.

Willstone Tea

A powerful bolstering infusion for the drinkers

willpower, willstone tea is a dwarven mixture

utilising roots and mildly toxic fungal

ingredients.  Acrid and foul tasting,

willstone tea grants the effects of

the Iron Will feat for an hour after

consumption.  If the drinker already has

the Iron Will feat, its bonus improves

to +3 for the teas duration.  Only one

dose of willstone tea can be used in a

24-hour period.

Willstone Tea:  160 gp per dose.

Wolfs Bane

An herbal tea produced from belladonna, this

recipe offers a character aficted with lycanthropy

a greater chance of avoiding his curse.  If drank

within one hour of a lycanthrope attack that

inicted the character with the curse, the tea

automatically removes the curse.  If drank within

one day, the tea allows a Fortitude save (DC 20)

to shake off the disease.  A healer administering

the elixir can use his Heal check instead of the

characters Fortitude save.  This tea must be

used in place of unprepared belladonna  not in

addition to.  When drunk, the imbiber must make

a Fortitude save (DC 8) or take 1d6 points of

temporary Strength damage.  After one minute,

another saving throw needs to be made to avoid

2d6 points of temporary Strength damage.

Wolfs Bane:  25 gp per dose.

Xanaphers Toil

Named for the ve years the alchemist Xanapher

spent developing it, xanaphers toil takes the form

of small edible crystals of rock candy.  Extremely

sweet, hints of peppermint and cinnamon lend

some additional avour.  For 30 minutes after

eating a crystal, the user gains a +2 to Constitution

and the ability to endure extreme exertion without

tiring.  After the 30 minutes have elapsed, the

consumer is considered fatigued.  If any serious

FOOD AND DRINK, DRUGS AND HERBS

work was performed under

the toils effects, the user is

exhausted instead.  Only two

crystals of xanaphers toil

can be eaten in any 24-hour

period.

Xanaphers Toil:  150 gp per

piece.

Yarrow and Nettle Balm

A cream useful for healers dealing with open

wounds that will not close on their own, yarrow

and nettle balm can be spread over such wounds

to form a false skin.  This mixture seals the wound

and promotes normal healing within.  Recipients

of this balm heal one hit point instantly and are no

longer subject to any current wounding effects they

may be suffering;

neither benet

requires a Heal

check.

Yarrow and Nettle

Balm:  300 gp per

application.

Zarakroot Chew

Created by a gnome herbalist disgusted by the

foul, leafy substances his human companion was

constantly chewing and spitting, zarakroot chew is

a blend of leaves, roots and berries that provides

a mildly pleasurable sensation when chewed

carefully and held in the cheeks or against the

users bottom lip.  After ve minutes in the mouth,

zarakroot chew dissolves completely and can be

swallowed without adverse

side effects.   Each swallow of

dissolved chew heals a single

point of subdual damage and

only 20 points can be healed in

this way in any 24-hour period.

Each pouch contains enough of the chew for 10

uses.

Zarakroot Chew:  100 gp per pouch; 1 lb.

Drugs

Far more potent than mere herbal recipes are the

concoctions of alchemists and other practitioners

who will combine herbs and ancient practices with

their own peculiar science to create potent drugs.

Such drugs have the capability to greatly alter a

characters mental and physical state and, their

63

FOOD AND DRINK, DRUGS AND HERBS

creators will assure, have no real side effects worth

mentioning.

Mindsharp

This substance is banned in some kingdoms for

the long-term effects it can cause to the mind.

Designed to improve its users mental acuity,

mindsharp allows a wizard (but not sorcerers or

bards) to rest for only four hours before preparing

his daily spells.  A character must drink one

vial of the substance after four hours of rest in

order to gain its benets.  However, mindsharp

extracts a steep price from a wizard.  Each time

this drug is used, a Fortitude save (DC 15) must

be made or the character will suffer two points

of temporary Intelligence damage.  However, the

Games Master should make this check in secret

and inform the player of

its result only if a situation

arises in which the character

could directly observe

the effects of his reduced

intellect.  Mindsharp has

a side effect of granting

its user an increased

sense of competence and

condence, causing him

to overlook the drawbacks

of this drug.   Normally, a wizard is only aware

of his Intelligence loss if he attempts to cast a

spell that his reduced intellect no longer allows

him to use.  A mindsharp user does not begin

to naturally heal this Intelligence loss until one

week after his last use of mindsharp.  For each

consecutive day a wizard uses this substance,

increase the Fortitude save DC by +2.  For each

day he goes without using it, reduce it by -2 until it

returns to 15.  Intelligence lost through the use of

mindsharp is cumulative.  Mindsharp has no effect

on divine spellcasters or others who do not rely on

Intelligence to determine bonus spells.

Mindsharp:  25 gp per dose.

Mothers Milk

The religion of the amazons

pervades every aspect of their

life, from the organisation of

their villages to the routine

of their day.  One of the most

notable daily rituals of the

amazons is the consumption

of a herbal concoction known

as mothers milk.  The exact

formulation of this sacrament

is  perhaps the most closely guarded secret of

the amazons.  Any character drinking a dose of

mothers milk will continue to ght normally until

they reach 6 hit points, after which point they

will follow the normal rules for negative hit points,

dying when they reach 10.  A dose of mothers

milk will last for 12 hours.

Mothers Milk:  500 gp per dose.

Paindull

A thick, syrupy liquid, paindull is a powerful

analgesic that helps a user resist the effects of

damage.  After drinking a dose of paindull, a

character gains a +2 competence

bonus to all Concentration checks

caused by damage for two hours.

Paindull provides a buffer against

the shock and agony caused by a

wound, improving its users ability

to focus his thoughts.  Paindull

only works for a character once

during a 24-hour period.  Doses

beyond the rst have no effect.

Paindull:  80 gp per dose.

Incense

For too long has the various prescribed incenses

of the great religions been the province of just

a few high-ranking clerics.  Any character who

knows where to go can purchase a bewildering

variety of mind-altering incense that, when burnt

and inhaled, can literally change all perception

of the world.  This is incredibly useful during

religious ceremonies, where clerics must ensure

their ock follows holy texts to the letter, but a

cunning adventurer can also use them to increase

his chances of survival.

Incense must be burnt and inhaled for at least

10 minutes before it takes effect  each stick

of incense purchased will burn

continually, releasing vapours,

for half an hour.  The effects of

incense will last no more then

ve minutes after leaving the

vapour-lled air around the

burning stick.  Twenty

sticks of incense weigh

one pound, though all

are sold singly.  The

various types of incense

available are listed

below.

64

Incense

Incense

Bane of the Wolf

Enamour

Far Seer

Lady Luck

Maidens Touch

Mindbender

Cost per Stick

22 gp

8 gp

25 gp

6 gp

6 gp

12 gp

Pure Endurance

Quick & Nimble

Strength of the Bull

Ward of Evil

Wisdom of the Ages

Wits Fool

Scentbreaker

Camaraderie

Eyes of the Night

Spiritcaller

14 gp

12 gp

18 gp

31 gp

10 gp

16 gp

20 gp

18 gp

25 gp

32 gp

FOOD AND DRINK, DRUGS AND HERBS

Effect

50% chance of suppressing lycanthropic change

Temporarily increase Charisma by +1

Increase chances of successful augury or divination spell by 5%

Re-roll any one saving throw

Doubles rate of healing*

Reduces power point cost of any manifested psionic power by 1

(minimum cost of 1)

Temporarily increase Constitution by +1

Temporarily increase Dexterity by +1

Temporarily increase Strength by +1

Acts as an outwardly projecting magic circle against evil

Temporarily increase Wisdom by +1

Temporarily increase Intelligence by +1

Creatures who track by scent lose that ability and all commensurate

bonuses for one hour if they enter an area with this incense burning

+1 morale bonus to Will saves and fear effects, immune to the

shaken and cowering conditions

Gain darkvision 60 ft. while affected

Forces incorporeal creatures in the area of effect to manifest,

negating their incorporeal bonuses

+1 morale bonus to attack and damage rolls

30 gp

War Mist

Must be continually burnt while character rests normally

Herbs

Any given herb can be located after an hour

of searching and gathering.  To see if a quality

specimen can be produced, the herbalist must pass

a Wilderness Lore or Knowledge (nature) check

against a Difculty Class of the herb listed.  To

nd such a plant out of season the DC increases.

Searches in the autumn add +5 to the DC, searches

in the winter add +10 to the DC and searches in

the spring reduce the DC by -5.  Certain specimens

will never be found out of season and the Games

Master is the nal arbiter when a search for herbs

is made.  The player must announce the type of

specimen it is that they seek.  Once discovered,

they can gather enough for one dose.  An area can

yield only as many doses as the herbalist can pass

the skill check.  Each successive check increases

the base difculty by 5.  So, if Deirdre seeks

adders tongue, she must search for an hour.  She

has a total bonus of +10 to her Knowledge (nature)

checks and she rolls an 18, which totals 28.  While

she has found a suitable specimen, she realises

that she will nd no more as the new Difculty

class is 31, an impossible number for her to roll

at her current level.  If at any time the herbalist

succeeds the requisite check by 5 or more, they

nd two doses.  The DC still increases as normal

for successive checks.

Once the specimen has been collected, the

herbalist must prepare it so as to derive the

useful property in it.  Each specimen below has

a listed DC to unlock the herbs properties. On a

failed attempt, the herb fails to yield its special

qualities.  Success indicates results as described

below for each entry.  The DC is always against

Profession (herbalist) and takes 10 minutes to

prepare.  Characters may prepare these specimens

up to a week in advance before the substance loses

its potency.  Insofar as how the herb is used, it is

largely up to the player and the Games Master.

Some herbs may offer a magical property only if

Name: (and as it is commonly known) and the

Latin Name (for the sake of completeness and only

for real world examples).

Type and Availability:  What the plant is and the

listed Difculty Class (DC) for Wilderness Lore or

Knowledge (nature) checks to nd the specimen.

DC and Feature:  The DC is the target number to

unlock the specimens potential and the feature is

the corresponding ability that the plant will yield.

Price:  The price of a sufcient amount of the

herb to make one dose.  This price is for the herb

in its locked state and, once purchased, any of

the available features can be unlocked with the

appropriate skill check.

65

FOOD AND DRINK, DRUGS AND HERBS

eaten.  Others may be useful if ground into a ne

powder.  Allowing players to choose the exact

technique individualises the particular herbalist,

thus making these rules all the more interesting to

use.

DC

20

22

Feature

+2 bonus to saves against

Cackle Fever.

+1 caster level on any one

spell with the Air descriptor.

Acacia Acacia Senegal

A deciduous tree of short stature with spines and

variable compound leaves, it has bright yellow

owers in the shape of little balls and its bark is a

whitish grey.  The potential specimen is the young

leaves and owers which, if crushed into a ne

powder, may be pressed into a wound for a healing

affect.  To nd a usable specimen, the herbalist

must pass a Knowledge (nature) or Wilderness

Lore check (DC 22).  Several varieties of this plant

exist, thereby making it a reliable

nd in almost any temperate

region.

DC   Feature

20

cure light wounds (as if cast

by a rst-level caster).

Acacia:  25 gp.

Adders Tongue Erythronium

Americanum

This is a perennial plant featuring a bulbous root

that sprouts two brownish leathery leaves with

purplish spots and yellow owers and grows in thin

moist woodlands, or open elds.  This

specimen may be found on a successful

roll against a DC of 26.  When gathered

during the waning of a full-moon, adders

tongue may cure any poison caused by a

viper.

DC

24

Feature

Remove poison inicted by viper.

Adders Tongue:  10 gp.

Agaric (Death Angel) Amanita

Muscaria

A red-capped mushroom with white spots that

ranges in growth size from a human st to a human

head.  Finding this fungus is relatively easy (DC

24), as it typically grows at the base of an oak tree.

Proper preparation can aid in healing Cackle Fever,

but truly harnessing its potential can aid in the

casting of Air spells.

Agaric:  50 gp.

Agrimony Agrimonia Eupatoria

This plant has long, slender leaves, slightly

indented around their edges, with a light hair on

the grey underside of each.  This plant also features

a tall stalk adorned with yellow

owers when in bloom.  This plant

grows along the sides of hedges.

To nd this specimen, the herbalist

must pass a check against DC 24,

but it is only found during the

middle of summer.

DC

24

30

Feature

+4 bonus to saves against

viper poison.

Simulate the sleep spell, normal saving

throw applies (DC 12).  The sleeper will

only wake with a sharp slap or loud noise.

The effects of this herb last for 1d3 days.

Agrimony:  40 gp.

Angelica Angelica Atropurpurea

Seems to be a type of celery in odour and

appearance, this plant has a number of magical

properties. This plant grows in cool, damp climates

and has a DC of 24 to locate.

DC

26

28

30

Feature

Cures Filth Fever.

+4 bonus against The

Shakes or +2 bonus to

saves against injury

poisons.

Provides 1d3 temporary

hit points.

Angelica:  60 gp.

Anise Pimpinella Anisum

A delicate annual, whose white dainty owers can

reach about 18 inches in height and are supported

by feathery leaves.  Typically they are found only

in the summer months, having a DC of 20 to

locate.

66

FOOD AND DRINK, DRUGS AND HERBS

DC

20

24

Feature

Provides +2 bonus to saves

against diseases.

Confers a +2 herbal bonus to

all saves against illusions.

Anise:  25 gp.

Asafoetida (Devils

Dung)

A six-foot perennial displaying white owers and

hollow stems, this plant grows in most wooded

areas, having a DC 25 to nd.

DC

26

28

Feature

Cures Mindre.

Confers a +1 bonus to

Intelligence checks for two

minutes.

Asafoetida:  40 gp.

Avens (Star of the Earth) Geum

Urbanum

This common plant has rough, wing-like leaves

and bright yellow owers atop slender stalks.  Due

to its commonality, it requires only

a DC of 18 to nd.  It is typically

found under hedgerows or by

pathways through elds.

DC   Feature

24

28

Confers a +2 bonus to saves

against Slimy Doom.

Allows a second save

against ray of  enfeeblement or any other

Strength-damaging spells or spell-like

abilities.

Avens:  20 gp.

Belladonna (Deadly Nightshade)

Atropa Belladonna

A thick, eshy root of a pale white colour, it sports

dull, dark green leaves of varying sizes and, when

crushed, it gives off a foul stink.

This is a deadly plant and also

uncommon, requiring a DC of 26

to nd.

DC

26

Features

Manufacture Ingested

Poison: DC 18; 1d4 Con /

1d4 Con.

67

30

34

Cures lycanthropy but poisons the

character in the process (see above).

Protection from evil for four rounds.

Belladonna:  100 gp.

Blessed Rose Petals

The blessed rose is an elegant, pure white ower

that blooms only in temperate realms.  The petals

can make any beverage that has been poisoned or

otherwise contaminated safe to drink.  The DC to

nd the rose is 18.

DC

20

Features

Purify up to 12 ounces of liquid.

Blessed Rose Petals:  10 gp.

Boneset Eupatorium Perfoliatum

Boneset is a perennial owering plant with a solid,

hairy stem, growing as tall as 4 feet in height.  The

pointed, lance-like leaves are large and uniformly

source from the base of the plant.

Adorned with numerous owers,

this plant can typically be found in

the mid-summer months to early

autumn, with a DC 25 skill check.

DC

20

22

24

Features

Cures Red Ache.

Allows a second save at a

+2 bonus against Devil Chills.

Allows a second save at a +2 bonus against

Demon Fever.

Boneset:  30 gp.

Broom (Besom) Spartium

Scoparius

Found in cooler northern climates, broom is a

dense shrub that grows wild throughout most

regions.  Broom grows to a moderate size (between

three and ve feet) and has numerous slender

branches of a bright green hue.  The

plant only has leaves when young,

allowing the stems to full the same

functions.  It is a deciduous shrub that

is notorious for its ability to cleanse

a system, even removing gallstones

and repairing broken bones.  Finding

broom is not difcult, requiring a DC

22 skill check.

FOOD AND DRINK, DRUGS AND HERBS

DC

24

Features

Cures 1d3 points of temporary Dexterity

damage.

Broom:  50 gp.

Celandine (Devils Milk)

Chelidonium Majus

Celandine or devils milk is a perennial plant that

sprouts many stalks of a white-green hue.  Fragile

in quality, they snap readily.  The leaves of this

plant are usually a blue-green and are tender

and wide.  This plant owers

throughout the summer and may

be located with a successful

check against a DC 21.

DC

20

24

24

Features

Cures Filth Fever.

+2 herbal bonus to saves

against Slimy Doom.

Allows a second save

against blindness/ deafness.

Celandine:  60 gp.

Cloves (Clove Tree) Syzygium

Aromaticum

The distinctive odour of the clove is the primary

feature of this tree.  Unlike most herbal remedies,

this specimen can be used for more practical

needs.  Rumoured to draw wealth, purify areas

and ward away evil presences, these features are

clearly superstition.  While clove trees are not all

that uncommon, proper preparation takes a skilled

herbalist.  Finding specimens requires a check

against a DC of 22.

DC

22

28

Features

Improve Non-Player

Character reactions by

one step for one minute.

+1 bonus to saves against

the permanency of

energy drain.

Cloves:  10 gp.

Comfrey Root Symphytum

Ofciale

Growing in ditches and along the banks of rivers,

comfrey is an old herb that has many uses.

Comfrey has large, hairy leaves of a deep green

68

that inspire itching when exposed

to unprotected esh.  Flowers stack

on one another, displaying a white

colour with a purple tint.  This

specimen grows in early-to-mid-

summer and has a DC of 20 to

locate.

DC

20

24

Features

+2 bonus on saves against Red Ache.

Cures 1d4 hit points.

Comfrey Root:  10 gp.

Dandelion Taraxacum Leontodon

Through early spring and deep into late summer

sprout dandelions with their bright yellow heads

or their puff-ball appearance.  A gardeners bane,

witches and herbalists alike have divined their

true value.  While dandelions are

extremely prevalent, they are nearly

impossible to use in aiding divination

magic, which is their truest value.

Locating these plants in season

is a DC 5, but out of season it is

impossible.

DC

24

32

Features

Provides low-light vision for one hour.

Confers a +10% bonus on all Divination

spells that have a percentage chance for

success.

Dandelion:  10 gp.

Deathstalk

A strange mushroom that has a black and white

mottled cap.  Frightening to behold, for their

white markings appear to be tiny skulls, deathstalk

only grows in old cemeteries

 feeding upon the rotting esh

of intelligent creatures.  These

mushrooms may only be found

on a successful check against a

DC of 30.

DC

20

Feature

If the cap is ground and placed in the

mouth of cadaver, it speaks its last thought

once.  If  ingested by a living creature there

is no effect.

Deathstalk:  25 gp.

FOOD AND DRINK, DRUGS AND HERBS

Deirdres Tears

A small plant, it is mostly a perennial

shrub that has pale, almost translucent,

white owers that face downward.

After early spring the plant sheds the ower petals

one by one, hence its name.  Deirdres tears can be

found by passing a DC 23 skill check.

blinding them for 2d4 rounds unless they succeed

at a Reex save (DC 15).  Locating the lichen

requires a successful check at a DC of 25.

DC

20

Feature

Fine dust can be thrown into a victims face

and blinds them for 2d4 rounds unless they

succeed at a Reex save (DC 15).

DC

28

Feature

Confers water breathing for one minute.

Eyeblight:  40 gp.

Deirdres Tears:  50 gp.

Elderberry (Tree Of Doom)

Sambucus Canadensis

The elderberry is a very

common tree found in

moist land areas.  With

spreading branches overhead and sharply-pointed

leaves, it is primarily known for its luscious

purple berries.  The berries, which are the active

ingredient to many a herbalists recipes, are ripe in

early autumn.  Finding a specimen is typically easy

(DC 10).

DC  Features

26  Cures The Shakes.

28  Neutralise poison.

Elderberry:  80 gp.

Etrick

In the depths of the elven

woodlands are trees that have bright

yellow leaves and sugary fruits that

hang invitingly for any who would eat of them.

The fruit of these trees are a bright pink colour

with a soft down on the skins.  Unlike many of

the specimens in this section, elftrick can only be

found in elven communities and not in the general

wilderness.  The fruit of the llasanala tree harbour

a special property.  If consumed, they will reduce

the eater as the spell cast by a 14th-level sorcerer.

This effect lasts for three hours.

Elftrick:  125 gp per fruit.

Eyeblight

Eyeblight is a tiny lichen found only in caves and

tombs as it dies if exposed to more than a few

hours of sunlight.  Dried and ground into a ne

dust, eyeblight can be thrown into a victims face,

Eyebright Euphrasia Offcinalis

An herb that aids in repairing damaged

vision, in the hands of a competent

herbalist it can also grant special sight.

Finding the small white owers, spotted

with yellow and streaks of purple,

requires searching the meadows of

mountainous regions and succeeding at

a DC of 22.

DC  Features

24  Cures Blinding Sickness.

26  Confers low-light vision for one hour.

30  Confers darkvision 60 ft. for one hour.

34  Confers x-ray vision for one hour.

Eyebright:  150 gp.

Faerie Wings

These thin, blue owers rest atop slender, fragile

stalks. Faerie wings grow in bare hilltops or

amongst mushroom rings feeding upon the

unlucky spores of the mushroom that created the

ring.  Finding faerie wings requires a check against

a DC of 26.

DC  Features

26  Confers a +1 resistance bonus

to saves against charm or

compulsion effects for one

hour.

30  See invisible objects up to

ve feet away for one minute.

Faerie Wings:  50 gp.

Figwort Scrophularia Nodosa

This woodland plant grows in damp woods

with heavy shade, or in the depressions in

meadowlands.  Adorned with purple owers and

oval, green leaves, this plant can be found on a

successful check against a DC of 22.

69

FOOD AND DRINK, DRUGS AND HERBS

DC  Features

25  Confers a +2 bonus to saves against contact

poisons.

28  Heals 1d2 points of temporary Dexterity

damage.

Figwort:  40 gp.

Hawthorn (hagthorn) crataegus

oxacantha

This deciduous shrub grows white owers with

red centres.  If encountered wild, it will grow into

a tree reaching 30 feet in height.  Hawthorn is

usually gathered in late spring with a successful

check against a DC of 19.

DC  Features

24  Restores sobriety.

26  Confers protection from evil

for three rounds.

28  Confers electrical resistance 2.

Hawthorn:  50 gp.

Hemlock (Warlock Weed) Conium

Maculatum

A plant with an ominous history, it is viewed as the

herb of the dead, mastered and cultivated by the

warden of hell himself.  Hemlock can grow to ve

feet in height, with large, wide, winged leaves and

clusters of white owers.  The scent of the ower

has a dark and evil quality.  Hemlock can be found

on a DC roll of 26 or higher.

DC  Features

24  Manufacture Ingested Poison:

DC 16; 2d12 hit points / 2d6

Con.

40  Allows entry into the astral

plane with a successful

Fortitude save (DC 28).

Failure indicates death.

Hemlock:  100 gp.

DC  Features

25  Cures deafness.

30  +20% to augury rolls.

40  Craft ying ointment which

confers the effects of the y

spell for 10 minutes.

Henbane:  75 gp.

Holly (Bats Wings) Ilex

Aquifolium

Growing wild in the woodlands, it is a favourite

symbol along with mistletoe for druids and rangers

alike.  Holly is itself an evergreen

bush or tree with glossy green leaves

with prickly edges.  Usually red or

yellow berries accompany the leaves.

Holly is easy to nd (DC 15).

DC  Features

0  Act as a divine focus for druids.

24  Craft a wand or walking stick that makes the

holder immune to curse.

30  Confers a one-time +1 luck bonus to any dice

roll.

Holly:  30 gp.

Horehound (Seed of Horus)

Marrubium Vulgare

Horehound grows in places where

waste accumulates, along roadsides

in hedges.  It owers at the height

of summer and can be uncovered

with a successful roll against a DC

of 22.  Horehound is very similar

to nettles and has reddish-purple

owers.

DC  Features

24  Confers a +2 bonus to any save against

poison.

32  Allows a second save against fear effects.

Henbane (Devils Eye)

Hyosycamus Niger

This moderately-sized plant features large woolly

leaves and dead-looking, yellow owers.  It gives

off an unwholesome stench that is offensive to

even the most callous of individuals.  Finding

henbane can be accomplished on a successful roll

against a DC of 23.

Horehound:  20 gp.

Ignis Weed

The leaves of the ignis weed are

a bright red with black striations.

It grows in dark places where a

wrong has been committed once

long ago.  Finding this plant

requires a check against a DC of

28.

70

DC  Feature

28  Sends imbiber into a rage for two rounds,

duplicating the barbarians rage class ability.

The victim receives no save and attacks the

nearest living creature.

Ignis Weed:  15 gp.

Larkspur (Knights Spur)

Delphinium

Growing wild throughout the

countryside, larkspur grows well

in sand or amongst cornelds. It

has short owers ranging from pink

to blue with black seeds and pitted

surfaces.  This plant can be found on

a DC result of 22.

DC  Features

16  Destroys all bodily parasites, such as eas

and lice.

18  Adds a +2 herbal bonus to saves against Filth

Fever.

Larkspur:  10 gp.

Lotus Nelumbo Nucifera

The lotus ower is likely the most famous of all

plant life as its legends extend throughout human

mythology and history.  Some legends hold that

the rst god arose out of this ower.  Others claim

that the consumption of

the lotus petal provides

passage to the realm of

dreams.  Typically these

plants live in bodies of

water, claiming the entire

body for themselves.  In a

fantasy setting, the lotus is

the subject of myth, extremely rare and difcult

to handle.  Thus, to nd a suitable lotus petal one

must succeed at a DC 40.

DC  Features

40  By infusing the lotus petal with spell energy

(permanently sacricing one of the infusers

highest spell slots) the herbalist is granted a

miracle with some alterations.  First, the

miracle can duplicate any spell of 8th level or

lower and in all cases the herbalist must

spend 5,000 XP.

Lotus:  400 gp.

FOOD AND DRINK, DRUGS AND HERBS

Lovers Bloom

Lovers bloom is a rich and vibrant plant

that provides a genuinely lovely scent.

Similar to a rose, as it sports a number

of thorns (careless handlers suffer one

point of damage), it is a difcult plant

to nd (DC 29) but always detects as

magical.

DC  Features

26  Brewed into a potion and consumed, the

victim immediately has the reaction of

friendly from the next person that they meet.

30  As above, except that the victim has the

reaction of helpful from the next person that

they meet.

Lovers Bloom:  90 gp.

Mandrake (Herb of Circe,

Witches Manikin, Mandragora,

Sorcerers Root) Mandragora

Ofcinale

Mandrake is probably the second-

most-famous of the plant community

for its associations with magic.

While its leaves are of a dark green

hue, each about a foot long with pointed

ends and a foul smell, it is the dark,

bulbous root that holds power.  Vaguely

man-shaped, the mandrake root, when pried from

the ground shudders in a horrible display of death.

Finding mandrake requires a check against a DC

30 and may only be done under the light of a full

moon.

DC  Features

28  Functions as an augury spell cast at the

30

herbalists level.

Increases the consumers Intelligence score by

1d4+1 points for one hour.

32  Confers clairvoyance/clairaudience for 10

minutes.

34  Confers a +2 luck bonus on all dice rolls for

one minute.

Mandrake:  150 gp.

Mistletoe (Druids Herb, Golden

Bough, Witches Broom) Viscum

Album

A very common woodland parasite used by druids

as their divine focus.  While this is technically

71

FOOD AND DRINK, DRUGS AND HERBS

free, it can sometimes be hard to nd

in areas not cultivated by druids.

Areas where druids cannot be

found can produce this herb, but

may be found only on if a roll

against DC 10 is successful.

DC  Features

0  Act as a divine focus for druids.

18  Confers a +2 bonus to saves against The

Shakes.

Mistletoe:  10 gp.

Monkshood (Wolfs Bane)

Aconitunm Napellus

A pleasant herb with bright purple,

hooded owers, monkshood grows

to about 6 feet in height, in areas

of high elevation and a tendency

for moisture.  Monkshood can

be found by passing a check

against a DC 24.

DC  Features

20  Confers a +2 bonus to damage on attacks

against wolves or wolf-like creatures.

25  Keeps lycanthropes at bay, preventing them

from approaching within 10 feet of user.

30  Keeps vampires at bay, preventing them from

approaching within 10 feet of user.

Monkshood:  50 gp.

Mugwort (Cronewort)  Artemisia

Vulgaris

This specimen must be

collected on the eve of a

summer solstice for proper

usage.  Finding mugwort

requires a check against DC

24.  This plant has reddish-brown angular leaves

with button like yellow-brown petals.

DC  Features

30  Confers immunity to poison for one hour.

35  Grants Spell Resistance 10 for 10 minutes.

35  Heal.

Mugwort:  200 gp.

72

Mullein (Graveyard

Dust, Hags Tapers)

Verbascum Thapsus

Growing along mossy banks, mullein

is an ideal herb to aid the herbalist

when searching for other specimens.

Relatively common (DC 22), it enhances

the brewing of other concoctions.

DC  Features

20  Reduces the DC of concocting

another herbal

24  Prevents animals from coming within 10 feet

recipe by -2.

of the user for two hours.

26  Confers a +2 herbal bonus to saves against

fear.

Mullein:  20 gp.

Pomegranate Punica Granatum

Persephones fruit, the pomegranate is a magical

fruit that stands above all others in antiquity.  A

round, hard fruit about the size of an orange, it

harbours a sweet juice and a

number of seeds held in its pulp.

While good to eat, it is the seeds

that have magical properties.

Finding a pomegranate tree in

temperate settings is impossible;

however, in tropical or sub-

topical regions the herbalist must

only beat DC 20.  Plucking a

pomegranate from a tree in the

glow of the setting sun allows the herbalist to step

into the ethereal plane for two rounds as per the

ethereal jaunt spell.

Pomegranate:  5 gp per fruit.

Skullcap (Madweed) Scutellaria

Lateriora

Among watery places and on the

banks of rivers and lakes grows the

weed skullcap.  This unusual ower

is bell-shaped, with leaf-like owers

of blue and white.  Skullcap can be

successfully found against DC 26.

DC  Features

26  When the seeds are ground into a ne powder

and blown in the face of one enthralled by a

berserk rage (such as a barbarians rage class

ability), it immediately draws the victim out

of the frenzy.

FOOD AND DRINK, DRUGS AND HERBS

Wormwood

Artemisia Absinthium

A pale green plant with a

woody, tough stem, wormwood

grows to at most three feet in

height.  It has pale green leaves

and owers that begin olive

coloured but eventually change

to an ochre hue.  Wormwood

can be found alongside

roadways and in places where

waste is disposed.  During

the early parts of summer to

midsummer are the best times for cultivation, in

which one has to pass a DC 24.

DC  Feature

24  Overcomes the nauseated condition.

26  Confers a +1 resistance bonus to any one

save.

28  Confers a +1 herbal bonus to all skill checks

involving Charisma for one hour.

Wormwood:  15 gp.

Woundwort

This ower has been used for centuries to staunch

the ow of blood.  When applied to open wounds,

it helps clot blood and prevent death.  Woundwort

provides a +2 circumstance bonus to Heal checks

when trying to stabilise a dying character.

Woundwort:  25 gp.

28  Confers a +4 bonus to saves against Mindre.

Skullcap:  20 gp.

True-North

A repugnant-smelling weed, true-north has

nonetheless saved many a lost adventurer.  Its

willowy seedpods always blow directly north and

experienced outdoorsmen know enough to take

advantage of this.  For centuries, travellers have

taken True-North seedpods with them on their

journeys, safe in the knowledge that if they ever

lose their way, they need only blow the seeds to get

their bearings.

True-North:  5 gp per seedpod.

Witch Hazel

Hamamelis Virginica

Appearing to be a knot of

crooked branches intertwined,

it has a smooth, grey bark,

with bright yellow owers

appearing in late autumn.

Following the owers is the

production of black nuts that are edible and have

special properties in and of themselves.  Finding

witch hazel is not too difcult, requiring the

herbalist to pass a DC 22.

DC  Features

22  Cures one hit point of damage.

24  Automatically stabilises an individual who is

reduced below 0 hit points and is dying.

26  Confers a +2 bonus to saves against inhaled

poisons.

28  Chewing the black nuts of witch hazel grants

a +1 herbal bonus to Wisdom for one hour.

Witch Hazel:  75 gp.

Wood Betony Stachys Ofcinalis

This plant grows out of wood rot, with a stem that

can grow as tall as two feet.  Typically found in

woodland settings, it can be found amidst tangles,

wetlands and swamps.  Finding this specimen

requires a check against a DC of 24.

DC  Feature

24  Confers a +2 herbal bonus to

saves against psionics.

Wood Betony:  10 gp.

73

HONOUR AMONGST ROGUES

Honour

amongst

Rogues

While most rogues rely on their wits and

agility to escape from dangerous

situations, the right tool at the right time

can make the difference between life and death.

Many of the typical rogue skills, such as Climb,

Disable Device and Open Lock, benet from the

use of highly specialised devices.  Even simple

items such as a coil of rope or a set of pitons can

help a rogue successfully use his skills.

The mundane equipment used by rogues is often

anything but.  Rogues like to use tools and items

that enhance their skills and provide them with an

unexpected edge in their adventures.  Thus, many

items favoured by them are complicated gadgets

that often resemble magical items in their use and

capabilities.

Acid

A simple vial of acid presents a

multitude of options for a rogue.

Acid can quickly eat through rope,

soften up metal, ruin a lock or

serve as an impromptu weapon.

Splashing a target with acid deals

1d6 damage.  When used to destroy

an object, acid ignores hardness and deals 1d6

damage per round for 1d4 rounds.

Acid:  5 gp per vial.

Armour Cracker

An armour cracker is a small, hollow, metal bead

containing a tightly compressed iron spring.

Invented by a clever goblin skirmisher for use

against heavily armoured dwarf troops, the armour

cracker is an invaluable tool in any rogues arsenal.

With a successful unarmed melee attack the rogue

can jam the armour cracker into the joints or seams

of a heavily armoured opponent  the impact

causes the bead to expand, separating armour

plates to create a vulnerable area.  A suit of armour

affected by an armour cracker has its armour

bonus reduced by -2.  A second

armour cracker reduces the

armour bonus by another point,

74

with additional armour crackers having no further

effect.  Removing an armour cracker in combat is

a full-round action requiring a Strength check  (DC

15)  outside of combat, it can be removed with

a successful Craft (armoursmith) check (DC 15).

Armour crackers have no effect on padded, leather,

studded leather or chain shirt armour.  Each armour

cracker can be used only once, whether or not the

unarmed attack was successful.

Armour Cracker:  2 gp.

Armour Crippler

An armour crippler is a

reinforced length of rigid

steel with heavy magnets

on each end.  With a

successful unarmed attack,

the crippler can be placed across the joints of an

armoured opponent, reducing his mobility and

combat effectiveness  if the attack roll fails but is

within the opponents armour bonus, the crippler

has attached itself harmlessly to an armour plate.

If placed across an elbow or shoulder joint, the

victim receives a -2 circumstance penalty to attack

and damage rolls and a -1 circumstance penalty

to armour class  a second crippler increases the

penalties to -3 and -2 respectively.  If placed on a

hip or knee joint, the opponents movement rate is

reduced to one-half and they suffer a -2 penalty to

armour class  a second crippler causes the victim

to lose his Dexterity bonus to armour class.  An

armour crippler can be removed in combat with a

full-round action and a successful Strength check

(DC 15).  Outside of combat, it can be removed

with a Craft (armoursmith) check (DC 15).

Armour cripplers have no effect on non-metallic

armours.  An armour crippler is ruined after one

successful use.

Armour, Crippler:  5 gp;  lb.

Armour Padding

By inserting padded cloth between a suit of

armours joints or adding strips of cloth beneath

the metallic edges of armour scales or links, a

skilled armoursmith can decrease the jingling

and metallic clanks that betray an armoured

rogue attempting to sneak his way past an enemy.

Padding can be added to any medium or heavy

armour.  It increases

the armours check

penalty for all skills

except Move Silently

by 2.  Armour

HONOUR AMONGST ROGUES

padding grants a +2 circumstance bonus to all

Move Silently checks.

octave.  The wearer gains a +2 competence bonus

to Disguise skill checks.

Armour Padding:  Original Armour +50 gp; AC

; Max Dex -1; Check special; SF ; Spd ; +5 lb.

Birds Tongue:  3 gp.

Ashen Powder

Few city folk have the ability to track effectively,

aiding a rogue greatly in his ability to evade

pursuit.  Unfortunately, town guards often have

animals to help in this regard.  A tenacious pursuit

by hunting hounds can

tax even the most agile

thief.  Ashen powder is a

mixture of gem dust and

chimney ashes meant

to be scattered behind

a running gure.  When a creature that tracks by

scent comes across a handful of ashen powder,

it must make a Fortitude saving throw (DC 17).

Failure causes three points of damage from the

gem dust and the loss of the scent special quality

until the creature receives three days of natural

healing (or magical healing of any kind).

Ashen Powder:  20 gp per handful.

Bag, Snapdragon

A snapdragon bag is an unassuming-looking,

brown leather sack, the inside of which is lined

with four spring-loaded metal ribs.  When the

bag is thrown in the face of an opponent with

a successful ranged attack, the sudden impact

releases the spring-loaded ribs, which snap forward

to enclose the victims

head, unless he can avoid

the trap with a successful

Reex save (DC 13).

A victim enclosed by

the snapdragon bag is

rendered blind until he

either removes it with a Strength check (DC 13), or

inicts two points of damage on it with a slashing

weapon (requires a full-round action, or the victim

suffers half the damage himself).  A snapdragon

bag can be reset with a full-round action.

Bag, Snapdragon:  5 gp; 1 lb.

Birds Tongue

A birds tongue is a simple, circular

membrane stretched across a coin-sized

metal ring.  When placed at the back

of the throat it raises a voice by an

Blackface

This cream paste is darkened through charcoal

and sepia ink.  Safe to apply in moderate amounts,

blackface dyes the skin of any user jet black

for four hours per application.  This colour is

extremely helpful for

blending in with shadows,

adding a +2 circumstance

bonus to Hide checks when

shadows are a prevalent

factor.  Only magical cleaning can remove

blackface before its time limit elapses.  Each jar

holds enough paste for ve applications.

Blackface:  50 gp per jar; 1 lb.

Bodysuit, Silk

Highly expensive, but

strangely soothing to

wear, the silk bodysuit is

the equipment of choice

for the master rogue.

Constructed of rened,

hard-wearing black silk,

the bodysuit both aids a

rogue in staying within

shadows and also moving

with extreme quietness.

While worn, the silk

bodysuit provides a +1

circumstance bonus to all

Hide and Move Silently

checks.  However, if a

character wears any type

of armour or carries more

than a light load, these

benets are lost.

Bodysuit, Silk:  225 gp.

Caltrops

Caltrops resemble large, metal jacks with

sharpened points rather than balls on the ends

of their arms.  They are essentially iron spikes

designed so that one point is always facing up.

You can scatter them on the ground in the hope

that enemies step on them or are at least forced

to slow down to avoid them.  One bag of caltrops

covers an area ve feet square.  Each time a

creature moves into an area covered by caltrops (or

75

HONOUR AMONGST ROGUES

spends a round ghting while standing in such an

area), the creature may step on one.  The caltrops

make an attack roll (base attack bonus +0) against

the creature.  For this attack, the creatures shield,

armour and deection bonuses do not count.  If

the creature is wearing shoes or other footwear,

it gets a +2 armour bonus to AC.  If the caltrops

succeed at the attack, the creature has stepped on

one.  The caltrop deals 1 point of damage and the

creatures speed is reduced by one-half because its

foot is wounded.  This movement penalty lasts for

one day, until the creature is successfully treated

with the Heal skill (DC 15), or until it receives at

least one point of magical curing.  A charging or

running creature must immediately stop if it steps

on a caltrop.  Any creature moving at half speed or

slower can pick its way through a bed of caltrops

with no trouble.

The DM judges the effectiveness of caltrops

against unusual opponents.

Caltrops:  1 gp per bag; 2 lb.

Camouage Makeup

A simple layer of paint or a properly administered

dye can change a simple set of clothing or armour

into a disguise suitable for use in wild terrain.

Camouage makeup can be applied to a suit

of armour, set of clothes or even directly to a

characters face, hands and other exposed parts.

Applying makeup requires 10 minutes of work

and a Disguise check (DC 15).  If successful, the

makeup grants a +1 circumstance bonus to all

Hide checks for 1d4 hours, after which the makeup

becomes smeared and useless.  Enough makeup is

supplied for 10 uses.

Camouage Makeup:  10

gp; 1 lb.

Clay and Wax Box

Usually stored in a small iron case, this box

consists of a pair of soft wax plates and a packet

of fast-hardening clay.  To use a clay and wax

box, a key is placed between the plates and the

case is closed.  When opened again, an imprint of

both sides of the key remains behind.  When clay

is poured through a small hole in one side of the

case, a false key is

created.  This clay

key is crude, fragile

and only usable once,

but it provides a +10

circumstance bonus

76

to an Open Lock check made against a lock the

original key would open.

Clay and Wax Box:  90 gp; 2 lb.

Clay:  5 gp.

Cloak, Hangmans

A hangmans cloak is a modication that can be

added to any hooded cloak.  It is nothing more

than a thin loop of wire that runs along the edge

of the hood and trails out very slightly from the

back of the cloak.  When the hood is thrown over a

victims head after a successful grapple attempt, it

can be pulled tight, sealing the victim inside.  The

victim is rendered blind

and must immediately

make a Fortitude

save (DC 10 +1 per

attackers remaining

unarmed melee attacks)

or fall unconscious.

Each round, the victim

and attacker continue to

make opposed grapple

checks  should the

victim win, he escapes

the cloak and is no

longer grappled or

blind.  If the attacker

wins, the victim must

attempt another Fortitude save, with a cumulative

+1 increase to the DC for each round he remains

within the hood.

Rogues who wear hangmans cloaks would do

well to be cautious, since they are as vulnerable as

anyone to the effects of the hidden weapon they

wear.

Cloak, Hangmans:  15 gp; 5 lb.

Compartment Book

Large books can be specially hollowed out to

create a secret compartment where a cunning

rogue can hide small valuables, which may escape

detection if he is caught.  A compartment book

has space enough to hold any object no larger than

eight inches long by ve inches wide.  Wise rogues

often combine this book with

a secure lock to further protect

their valuables and dissuade

casual investigation.

Compartment Book:  10 gp;

2 lb.

Contact Paper

Contact paper is a simple tool that spies and

couriers use to smuggle important documents.

One side of a sheet of contact paper is simply a

blank piece of normal parchment, or any other

type of paper, suitable for writing and completely

mundane in every way.  The other side, however,

is a perfectly smooth surface coated with an

undetectable chemical that becomes mildly

adhesive when

damp  when

applied to

another piece

of paper, the

chemical sticks,

covering it completely.  Applying a sheet of

contact paper requires two rounds and a successful

Forgery skill check (DC 15)   the Forgery check

result, plus a +5 circumstance bonus, sets the

Search and Spot check DC for those investigating

contact papered documents.  The adhesive loses its

consistency after one day and peels away easily.

Contact Paper:  1 gp per sheet.

Diagram Set

When planning a theft or break-in, having a

diagram of the target location can be of great

benet.  Maps of this sort can be the physical

result of a Gather Information check or purchased

in a large city if the diagram is of a public building

or major landmark.  In any case, the quality of

the map varies greatly and may not be entirely

accurate.  If a diagram

being used is of high

quality (Games Masters

discretion), a rogue

can benet from a +1

circumstance bonus to all

Hide, Move Silently, Open

Locks and Search checks made while in mapped

locations.

Diagram Set:  150 gp; 2 lb.

Disguise Kit,

Waterproof

This functions identically

to the standard disguise kit,

except that the components

contained within are designed

to remain functional even

during prolonged immersion.

It also includes such useful

77

HONOUR AMONGST ROGUES

props as green hair dye and false webbing for

ngers and toes.

Disguise Kit, Waterproof:  250 gp; 8 lb.

Ear Blade

This is a simple blade attached to a bracket that sits

uncomfortably behind the ear of a rogue.  Though

extremely difcult to operate with skill, ear blades

are designed to cut the rope of the hangmans

noose as it begins to constrict around a characters

neck.  They rarely work as advertised but a small

chance is certainly better than none.  A rigorous

search of the character will

quickly reveal the ear blades,

while the casual glance of a

Spot check (DC 15) may also

reveal them  bald-headed

characters will nd their ear

blades spotted immediately.

If a character is ever hanged while wearing an

ear blade, he may make a Reex save (DC 30) to

manoeuvre the blade so that it cuts the rope and

sets him free.

Ear Blade:  15 gp.

Erasing Broom

An erasing broom is a section of feathered wicker

or straw bound with cord around a short, wooden

handle.  In the hands

of someone with

ve or more ranks

in Hide, an erasing

broom can impose

a -2 circumstance

penalty to anyone

attempting to visually track the user.  An erasing

broom is too light and fragile to be an effective

weapon.

Erasing Broom:  25 gp; 1 lb.

False Knife

A false knife is a dull-bladed dagger with a hollow

hilt.  The blade does not extend into the hilt.

Instead, it is supported by a weak spring  when

the dagger strikes a target, the blade sinks into the

hilt, dealing one point of subdual damage, then

springs back out when pressure is released.  It

is useful both in stage productions and in false

assassinations, where a rogue might wish to leave

his  victim unharmed.  The handles of some false

knives are lled with bladders of thick red dye

HONOUR AMONGST ROGUES

 when the blade

strikes home, the

bladders burst,

causing a spray

of fake blood.  A

false knife adds a +3 circumstance bonus to Bluff

checks involving false assassinations and a blood

packet adds an additional +2.  The reservoir can

also be lled with any contact poison and inicted

through a hollow-bladed weapon as a touch attack.

False Knife:  5 gp;  lb.

False Tooth

A false tooth is simply a hollow

bone carved in the rough shape of

a tooth.  A false tooth is useful for

hiding very small objects, like tiny

scraps of paper, or a thin garrotte

wire.  The wearers Disguise check

determines the Spot DC to notice a

false tooth and the wearer gains a

+5 circumstance bonus to this check.

False Tooth:  2 gp.

Finger Blade

While most thieves have to rely on a dagger to

separate a targets purse from his belt, the skilled

rogue will look to use nger blades.  Attached to a

ring worn near the knuckle of any nger, this blade

sits snugly between outstretched ngers where

it will be hidden until needed.  A rogue using a

nger blade to steal a purse or pouch gains a +1

circumstance bonus to his Pick Pocket check.

Finger Blade:  4 sp.

Flash Powder

This item is a small packet of gunpowder that

produces a bright and smoky, but otherwise

harmless, explosion when detonated.  After

using ash powder, a character may immediately

attempt a Hide check without

penalty.  The light and smoke

from the ash powder distracts

opponents, giving the character

the opportunity to use his skill as

if he had successfully used Bluff

to hide while people are aware of

his presence.

Flash Powder:  75 gp per packet; 3 lb.

Footpads Vest

This simple leather vest provides minimal

protection, yet it is an invaluable tool for any rogue

who faces the prospect of arrest and imprisonment.

A set of thieves tools is sewn into the vest,

requiring a Search check (DC 25) to detect them.

A rogue may use a full-round action to tear open

the vest and retrieve the tools.  The footpads vest

may be worn in conjunction with any other light

armour.

Footpads Vest:  Light Armour; 60 gp; AC +1;

Max Dex ; Check ; SF ; Spd 30 ft./20 ft.; 2 lb.

Gauntlets, Clawed

These armoured gloves end in long, sharpened

spikes designed to aid in climbing.  When

used in conjunction with a Climb check, the

gauntlets grant a +1

circumstance bonus.

In addition, most

rogues sharpen the

spikes edges, making

them effective slashing

weapons.

Clawed Gauntlets:  Tiny Exotic Weapon; 8 gp;

Dmg 1d4; Critical x3; Range ; 3 lb.; Slashing.

Glass Cutter

Only the very richest, and thus most successful,

thieves will aspire to owning one of these

wondrous devices.  Padded with sound absorbing

cloth, the wooden cone of the glass cutter

conceals a diamond-tipped scoring blade wound

by a handle.  When placed against glass, a rogue

merely need turn the handle, gently scoring the

glass until a complete circular hole is cut, wide

enough to allow the passage of arm and hand to

snatch valuables or unlock windows.  By placing

an adhesive on the surface of the wooden cone,

a rogue can ensure that the cut glass does not

accidentally slip from the cutter and break.  The

glass cutter is silent in use and requires a character

spend 1d6 rounds operating it to break through

any glass surface no more than a quarter of an inch

thick.  A Dexterity or Pick Pockets check (DC 15)

is then made

to determine

whether the

cut glass slips

from the cutter

and breaks,

thus creating

noise.  The use

78

of adhesive will cause this check to automatically

succeed.

Glass Cutter:  10 gp; 1 lb.

Glass Gargle

Glass gargle is a gritty, cloudy liquid

that, when gargled, roughens the

voice, lowering it in both pitch and

timbre.  A character who uses glass

gargle gains a +2 competence bonus

to Disguise skill checks, but suffers

an equal penalty to all Perform skill

checks involving vocal performance.

Making glass gargle requires a successful Alchemy

skill check against a DC of 20.

Glass Gargle:  10 gp per application; 1 lb.

Gloves, False Finger

False nger gloves are

leather gloves to

which a hard,

metal extension

has been added,

effectively extending the ngertips by one inch.

False ngers are useful for two purposes.  First,

they add a  +1 circumstance bonus to all saves

against needle traps when a rogue attempts to

disable a trap or pick a lock.  Second, they can

be used to store small scraps of paper or tightly

bundled garrotte wires  the Spot DC to notice

false nger gloves is 30.

Gloves, False Finger:  3 gp;  lb.

Gloves, False Flesh

False esh is a non-porous membrane that

stretches over a hand like a glove.  It closely

resembles real skin and is easily overlooked  the

wearer gains a +4 circumstance bonus to their

Disguise skill check when setting the Spot DC to

notice the gloves.

False esh gloves are most commonly used to

deliver liquid contact poisons to unsuspecting

targets, by smearing the poison on the gloves

palm and ngertips.  Each glove holds a single

dose of poison  the

gloves non-porous

surface means

there is no danger

of accidentally

79

HONOUR AMONGST ROGUES

absorbing the poison, but if not delivered within

10 minutes of application, the dose dries out and is

rendered useless.

False esh gloves are fragile  they can be worn

for a total of eight hours before they are rendered

useless.

Gloves, False Flesh:  10 gp.

Grapplegum

This alchemical mixture is related to the formula

used in tanglefoot bags.  Normally found in

squares of gummy, vaguely

sticky, grey clay, grapplegum

becomes extremely adhesive

after a hard impact.  After one

round, grapplegum hardens and

retains its hold on anything in

contact with it.  Grapplegum

has a Hardness of 4, 5 hit points per inch, a Break

DC of 25 and can support up to 200 pounds of

weight per one-inch-square.

Grapplegum:  50 gp per 1-inch square.

Hilt, Blast Cap

A blast cap hilt is

a modication

that, when

attached to

a dagger

blade, greatly heightens the potency of sneak

attacks.  The blast cap hilt is a hollow dagger

hilt with a tiny thunderstone hidden within and a

plunger trigger on the pommel  depressing the

plunger, as a free action, causes the thunderstone

to explode, sending a wave of energy into the

weapons blade.  With a successful sneak attack

and activation of the blast cap, a rogue inicts 1

additional point of damage per die of sneak attack.

Reloading a blast cap hilt requires a full round.

The blast cap hilt must be loaded with a new

thunderstone each time it is used.

Hilt, Blast Cap:  Original Weapon +15 gp; special

rules; +1 lb.

Hilt, Removable

A removable hilt is a simple device that can be

attached to any dagger-length blade.  The blade

attaches to the hilt by means of two sets of tiny

clamps  with the press of a button, the clamps

HONOUR AMONGST ROGUES

release and the blade comes free of the

hilt.  On a successful critical hit

or sneak attack, as a free

action, a rogue can

activate the

removable

hilt, leaving

the blade of his weapon imbedded in the target.

Targets so injured suffer normal dagger damage

(1d4, with no bonuses) on the following round and

one point of damage each round after that until the

blade is removed.  A successful Heal check (DC

15) removes the blade without causing additional

harm  a blade can also be removed with a

successful Strength check (DC 15), but doing so

inicts 1d4 points of damage.

A dagger equipped with a removable hilt inicts 

damage with a thrown attack and cannot be used

in conjunction with a ranged sneak attack, as the

blade snaps free upon shock of impact.

Hilt, Removable:  Original Weapon +5 gp; special

rules; +1 lb.

Horse Nails

A rogue on foot is easily caught by

enemies on horseback.  Unless, that

is, the rogue throws down these

specialised caltrops while he

is running.  Large enough

to be avoided by Medium-

size or smaller creatures,

horse nails are designed to drive a long, thin spike

up into the foot of any heavy being that steps on

it with more than 400 pounds of force.  A single

bag of horse nails will adequately cover a 10-foot

by 10-foot area.  Horse nails inict two points

of damage, but otherwise are treated as caltrops.

Horse nails will affect creatures normally immune

to caltrops due to size, such as re giants with

thick-soled shoes.

Horse Nails:  30 gp per bag; 3 lb.

Iceow Oil

Another item useful for making quick escapes,

iceow oil is an alchemical uid that creates a

slick layer of ice when exposed to the air.  A single

application of iceow oil lls a 10-

foot by 10-foot area and duplicates

the effects of a grease spell.  The

Reex save against its effects has a

DC of 15.  Iceow oil lasts one hour

before melting, half that in warm

80

conditions.  If used as a grenade-like weapon, a

vial of iceow oil inicts 2d6 cold damage; half on

a successful Reex save (DC 15).

Iceow Oil:  35 gp per 1-pint ask; 1 lb.

Jailbreak Tools

A specialised set of thieves

tools designed to deal with

jail cell bars and heavy

masonry, a rogue equipped

with these can create enough

of a hole in a stone wall or a

metal door to make an Escape

Artist check (DC 30) in 10

minutes.  In circumstances

where a rogue cannot access a lock to open,

jailbreak tools allow at least a chance of egress.

Jailbreak Tools:  60 gp; 2 lb.

Jellysh Paste

This is a viscous, translucent white paste made

by skilled alchemists (Alchemy DC 23) from the

deadly tentacles of poisonous jellysh.  It is often

spread (carefully) onto spear and trident tips and

the agonies it

induces are quite

extreme.

Jellysh Paste:  360 gp per dose; Contact, DC 15;

Paralysis and 1d8 Con/1d6 Dex.

Killpicks

Another form of speciality tools, killpicks come

as a set of reinforced lock picks with jagged

barbs and blades mounted in effective places

along their lengths.  While these picks are bulky

enough that they impose a

2 circumstance penalty to

Open Lock checks, killpicks

can be wielded as a weapon

and count as being armed

for the purposes of attacks

of opportunity.  Killpicks

can even be thrown

effectively and if the user

is procient with shuriken three killpicks can be

hurled as one attack.

Killpicks:  Tiny Exotic Weapon; 60 gp; Dmg 1d2;

Critical x3; Range ; 1 lb.; Piercing.

Lightning Bug Oil

An alchemical liquid that glows

brightly when shaken, lightning

bug oil provides six hours of

illumination as bright as a candle.

In addition to its usefulness as a

heatless light source, this oil can be

poured onto items or used to write

with like ink without reducing its

radiance.  While lightning bug oil

does not harm items it comes into

contact with, it does stain them

a bright yellow if not cleaned off

before it dries.

Lightning Bug Oil:  20 gp per 1-pint ask; 1 lb.

Listening Cone

A simple but highly

useful device, this is

a hollow cone made

of wood or paper,

though some may also

be constructed out of

shell.  When placed against a door or wall, the

listening cone amplies mufed sounds, allowing

a rogue to eavesdrop on conversations he may

otherwise not be privy to.  A listening cone grants

a +1 circumstance bonus to all Listen checks made

directly through doors and walls.

Listening Cone:  5 sp.

Lock

A lock is worked with a large, bulky key.  The DC

to open this kind of lock with the Open Locks skill

depends on the locks quality: very simple (DC

20), average (DC 25), good (DC 30), amazing (DC

40).

Lock, Amazing:  150 gp; 1 lb.

Lock, Average:  40 gp; 1 lb.

Lock, Good:  80 gp; 1 lb.

Lock, Very Simple:  20 gp; 1 lb.

Lock Glass

This item combines a simple magnifying lens

with an alchemical mixture that generates light.

The lock glass is a

magnifying glass tted

with a long, narrow

extension ringed with

a substance similar to

that used in sunrods.  A

81

HONOUR AMONGST ROGUES

rogue simply rubs the narrow tip of the lock glass

to cause it to spring to light.  It can then be inserted

into a lock or other mechanical apparatus, allowing

the rogue to peek through the lens and inspect

the locks inner workings.  If a character spends

one minute inspecting a lock with this device,

he gains a +2 competence bonus to any Disable

Device, Open Lock or Search checks involving

that particular lock.  The illumination portion of

the lock glass can be used 10 times before it must

be replaced.  Each use lasts one minute and a

replacement costs 5 gp.

Lock Glass:  1,500 gp; 2 lb.

Lock Picks, Long-Stemmed

Similar to standard thieves tools, these picks

have long handles, allowing a rogue to attempt to

pick a lock or disable a trap from up to ve feet

away.  While this may allow a rogue to avoid the

effects of a triggered trap, the long-stemmed picks

are rather difcult to use with the same precision

as a standard set of lock picks, imparting a 4

circumstance penalty to Open Lock and Disable

Device checks.

Lock Picks, Long-Stemmed:  100 gp; 1 lb.

Lockbreaker, Blossoming

A blossoming lockbreaker is a simple device, a

thin, threaded metal bar with a small metal plug

capping one end.

When the plug is

pushed forward, the

metal bar widens

and segments into

narrow arching strips

 the further forward

the plug slides, the more the strips bow.  When

placed inside a lock and opened, the strips snap

tumblers and jam needle traps.  A rogue who uses

a blossoming lockbreaker in conjunction with a

masterwork set of thieves tools gains a total of

a  +4 circumstance bonus to Disable Device skill

checks to disarm a locks needle trap or to jam a

lock.  A blossoming lockbreaker is ruined after a

single use.

Lockbreaker, Blossoming:  2 gp.

Lockbreaker, Magnetic Tumbler

A magnetic tumbler is an effective, exotic tool

that no master thief should be without.  When

placed against a key lock, it manipulates the locks

HONOUR AMONGST ROGUES

tumblers, facilitating easy

lock-picking.  A  rogue

who uses a magnetic

tumbler in conjunction

with a masterwork set of

thieves tools gains a +3

circumstance bonus to

Open Lock skill checks,

but only in regards to key-based locks.

Lockbreaker, Magnetic Tumbler:  5 gp; 1 lb.

Loudfoot Paste

When buffed onto a stone or wood oor, this oily

paste causes an obnoxious squeaking sound when

it is walked across.  Creatures

passing over a oor treated

with loudfoot paste suffer a

10 circumstance penalty

to Move Silently

checks.  One jar of

the paste covers a

10-foot square

and requires two

minutes to apply.

The effects wear

off after 2d6+6

creatures have

walked through the area.  A Spot check (DC 15)

will reveal that an area treated with loudfoot paste

is slightly shinier than untreated areas.  If the oor

surrounding a treated area has been polished or

buffed, the Spot check DC becomes 25.  It requires

an Alchemy check (DC 25) to identify loudfoot

paste on a section of oor.  Creating loudfoot paste

requires an Alchemy check (DC 25).

Loudfoot Paste:  25 gp;  lb.

Marbles

This bag of a hundred-or-so marbles can provide

a different, and sometimes amusing, alternative

to cruel caltrops.  One bag of marbles will cover

a 10-foot square area.  Any character moving into

this area at more than a quarter of their base speed

must make a Reex check (DC 15) or immediately

fall prone.  Those running or charging into the

area must make the check at DC 25 and suffer 1d4

points of subdual damage if they fail.

Marbles:  8 sp per bag; 1 lb.

Mask

A simple device and yet one a shocking number

of novice thieves always seem to forget.  Though

many are highly elaborate, a mask need be nothing

more expensive than solid

black leather obscuring

the wearers face.  Any

character wearing a mask

will be unidentiable if

he encounters others he

has never met (though

he should also take care

to wear nondescript

clothing and wield common weapons).  If he does

encounter someone he knows, the mask grants a +2

circumstance bonus to his Disguise check.

Mask:  3 sp.

Monocle, Rogues

A small, focusing lens of clear crystal, this

expensive item enlarges and claries whatever

is viewed through its curved surface.  A rogues

monocle provides a circumstance

bonus of +2 to Search checks, but

using one increases the amount of

time taken to check a 5-foot-by-

5-foot area to two rounds.  Both

rounds count as full-round actions.

Monocle, Rogues:  100 gp.

Monocle, Sentrys

Similar in construction to a rogues monocle,

this crystal lens is slightly wider and more

curved.  This shape draws in more of the wearers

surroundings, enhancing

peripheral vision and

extending the normal range

of sight.  Someone wearing

a sentrys monocle can see

10 feet farther than normal

and gains a +2 circumstance

bonus to Spot checks.  The slight distortion caused

by the lens imposes a -2 penalty to Initiative

checks.

Monocle, Sentrys:  100 gp.

Nettle Cloak

No matter how wily the thief or how quick his

stride, eventually everyone gets caught.  A rogue

wearing a nettle cloak can ensure that anyone

apprehending him regrets it.  When the wearer of a

82

nettle cloak is the target of

a grapple check, the long

steel spikes sewn into its

hem and collar drive into

the attacker, causing severe

pain and damage.  A nettle

cloak inicts 1d6 piercing

damage to a grappling

creature and forces it to

re-roll the initial grapple

check.  If this second roll

is also successful, a nettle

cloak has no further effect.

Nettle Cloak:  40 gp; 3 lb.

Oilskin Bodysuit

Oilskin bodysuits are made of

sleek, tight-tting leather coated

in a sheen of oil and treated to

retain that coating for days

at a time.  Normally dyed

dark grey or black to aid in

stealth, oilskin bodysuits

provide a +4 circumstance

bonus to opposed grapple

checks and Escape Artist

checks.  Because this

bonus depends on the oilskin

being exposed, no physical

armour can be worn without

negating its effects.  Oilskin

must be treated with a ask of

oil each week to remain useful.

Oilskin Bodysuit:  80 gp; 5 lb.

Pin Ring

A short, sharp pin and a reservoir mounted in the

stone setting of an elegant ring, this device allows

the wearer to deliver a dose of

injury-type poison through a

melee touch attack.  Pin rings do

not make handling poison any

safer than normal, but any check

made to keep from accidentally

poisoning ones self is made

when the ring is initially loaded.

HONOUR AMONGST ROGUES

Throwing the loose powder is

a ranged touch attack with a

maximum range of ve feet.

This does not provoke attacks

of opportunity.  A creature

struck with the dust must

make a successful Reex save

(DC 14) or suffer a 1 penalty on all attack rolls,

damage rolls and saving throws for 1d4+1 rounds.

Failing the saving throw also causes blurred vision,

resulting in all opponents being considered to have

one-half concealment (20% miss chance) for the

duration of the powders effect.  Powdered tears

do not affect sightless creatures.  Creating a packet

of powdered tears requires an Alchemy check (DC

25).

Powdered Tears:  50 gp per packet;  lb.

Quiver, Climbers

Rogues often nd themselves in awkward

positions, such as climbing along walls and over

roofs.  A normal quiver

in these conditions

can overturn and spill

its contents, revealing

a rogues location

and depriving him of

ammunition at the same

time.  A climbers quiver

has a covered top and a

cork-lined base that holds

arrows (or bolts) securely.  Extra straps hold the

quiver tight against the body, keeping it from

swinging free at inopportune moments.

Quiver, Climbers:  50 gp; 2 lb.

Rangeglass

A spyglass with a long, sighting bar hinged to one

side, a rangeglass requires an Intelligence score of

12 or higher, or four or more ranks in Knowledge

(engineering), to be used effectively.  By noting

shadows along the sighting bar and performing

a set of calculations, the user of a rangeglass can

calculate the exact distance to a viewed object.  A

rangeglass does not make objects appear any closer

and requires natural sunlight or moonlight to work.

Pin Ring:  85 gp.

Rangeglass:  700 gp; 2 lb.

Powdered Tears

When thrown into an opponents eyes, this

powder causes mild irritation and blurred vision.

Razor Thread

Razor threads are slender, exible strips of

sharpened steel that can be woven into the surface

83

HONOUR AMONGST ROGUES

of loose clothing.  Rogues and other night

runners nd them very useful, as razor

threads are an exceptional deterrent to

night-watchmen, who

often rely on grappling

techniques to subdue

suspected criminals.

Each time an opponent attempts to initiate a

grapple with an opponent wearing clothes lined

with razor thread, he must rst succeed at a Reex

save (DC 13).  Those who fail to save receive

numerous long, shallow cuts that bleed profusely

 they suffer a single point of damage and their

grapple attempt fails.  Gauntlets negate the need

for a Reex save.

Razor Thread:  5 gp; 1 lb.

Sharkskin Suit

Crafted of tanned sharkskin, this bodysuit can

be touched in only one direction safely.  Contact

made in any other direction causes the thousands

of razor-edged scales to

shred and tear against

anyone foolish or

unlucky enough

to do so.  While

this causes 1d6

slashing damage

each round

to a creature

grappling

the wearer,

the primary use of a sharkskin suit is to aid in

climbing.  Wearers of a sharkskin suit gain a +4

circumstance bonus to Climb checks.

Sharkskin Suit:  110 gp; 6 lb.

Shock Freeze

Shock freeze is an alchemical concoction that

causes a tremendous drop in temperature when

exposed to air.  Normally kept in small, one-

use pouches, shock freeze can be sprayed on

an opponent as a ranged touch attack with a

maximum range of 10 feet that deals 1d10 points

of damage.  In addition, it can be used to shatter

metal, as the temperature change caused by shock

freeze leaves metal brittle.

Metal exposed to shock freeze

loses the benets of its hardness

rating for 1d6 rounds.

Shock Freeze:  50 gp per 1-pint

ask; 1 lb.

84

Still Life

In an effort to evade capture,

many rogues pretend to be

dead  by taking a vial of

still life, a character will fall

unconscious for half an hour,

during which time his heartbeat

and breathing will all but stop,

giving the appearance that he is,

indeed, dead.  Only a dedicated

examination (Heal check at DC 20) will reveal

the characters true state.  A character given still

life who wishes to resist its effects must make a

Fortitude save (DC 15) to succeed.

Still Life:  10 gp per vial.

Stronglock

This transparent uid is a mild adhesive that is

dabbed into the keyholes of locks, making them

harder for would-be thieves to bypass.  One hour

after being applied, the stronglock increases the

Open Locks DC of the keyed lock by 10.  When

using the appropriate key on a treated lock, a

Strength check (DC 10) must be made to break

loose of the adhesive.  The effects of stronglock

last until the lock has been opened and therefore

must be reapplied each time the lock is accessed.

Stronglock is sold in glass vials that have a cork

with a wooden applicator.  Each vial contains 10

applications, though multiple coats of stronglock

have no additional effect.  Creating stronglock

requires an Alchemy check (DC 20).

Stronglock:  10 gp per vial.

Thieves Tools

These are the tools needed to use the Disable

Device and Open Lock skills.  The kit includes

one or more skeleton keys, long metal picks and

pries, a long-nosed clamp, a small hand saw and a

small wedge and hammer.  Without these tools, a

character will have to improvise tools, suffering a

2 circumstance penalty on Disable Device and

Open Lock checks.

Thieves Tools:  30 gp; 1 lb.

Thieves Tools, Masterwork

This kit contains extra tools and tools of better

quality, granting a +2 circumstance bonus on

Disable Device and Open Lock checks.

Thieves Tools, Masterwork:  100 gp; 2 lb.

Traitors Dust

Traitors dust is a ne, greasy, white powder that

leaves splotches of bright blue, reminiscent of ink

stains, when it comes into contact with living esh.

The splotches are incredibly stubborn and wear

away only after a full week.  Traitors dust is often

used as a thief deterrent, but just as often is used by

the criminals themselves to protect their valuables

from their own larcenous friends.  Making a batch

of traitors dust requires an Alchemy skill check

(DC 20).  Each packet contains enough dust to

cover a 10-foot square area.

Traitors Dust:  20 gp per packet;  lb.

Tripvine

Sometimes called spider slime, tripvine is an

alchemical mixture that explodes into sticky, rope-

like strands that ll a 10-foot by 10-foot area when

exposed to air.  Tripvine comes in

pottery spheres and can be thrown

as grenade-like weapons or used in

trap making.  Tripvine is treated as

a web spell, but the material created

is not ammable and the Reex

save to avoid becoming stuck is

against DC 15.  Creating tripvine requires an

Alchemy check (DC 25).

Tripvine:  50 gp per sphere; 2 lb.

Underhold Claws

A very special form of

climbing gear, underhold

claws are nearly circular and

useless as weapons.  Designed to

lock around even the smallest handhold

while a climber is upside down, underhold claws

grant a +5 circumstance bonus to climb checks

made while trying to scale a ceiling or other

inverted surface.

Underhold Claws:  40 gp; 1 lb.

Vest, Burglars

Designed to conceal the various tools a rogue

requires to exercise his more clandestine skills, a

burglars vest also incorporates rings for climbing

85

HONOUR AMONGST ROGUES

ropes, tear away sections

to evade holds and

grapples and padding

to cushion impacts.

Excellent all-purpose

garments, burglars

vests even maintain

a streamlined image,

allowing the wearer to

conceal himself more

effectively.  A burglars

vest provides a +1 circumstance bonus to Climb,

Hide, Escape Artist and Tumble checks.

Vest, Burglars:  75 gp; 3 lb.

Weapon Tarnish

While many rogues may spend a great deal of

effort trying to make themselves almost invisible

when entering another persons property, many

forget about their weapons.  A drawn knife or short

sword can easily catch the light and expose an

otherwise concealed rogue.  This tar-like substance

spreads extremely thinly on metal, dulling its

gleam and yet not interfering with a blades

sharpness.  A character using

weapon tarnish will not have

his position betrayed by his

weapon glinting in the light.

A single jar will contain

enough tarnish to cover

eight Tiny, four Small, two

Medium-size or one Large

weapon.

Weapon Tarnish:  4 gp per jar; 1 lb.

Winterchill

Essentially a concentrated form of iceow oil,

winterchill is much thicker and gets much colder.

Contact with a vial of winterchill inicts 3d6 cold

damage but does not splash if used as a grenade-

like weapon.  Rogues often use winterchill to

freeze locks and then shatter them while they

are brittle.  If an item is soaked

in winterchill, only one-quarter

of its hardness is applied against

attacks for the next three rounds.

One vial of winterchill will freeze

a one-cubic-foot area.  Creating

winterchill requires an Alchemy

check (DC 30).

Winterchill:  120 gp per 1-pint

ask; 1 lb.

HONOUR AMONGST ROGUES

Xornclaw Shovel

Made from the digging claws of an actual xorn,

xornclaw shovels are extremely effective at

digging through soil and rock.  With a sharp edge

that seems to soften stone on contact, a xornclaw

shovel grants its user a burrowing movement rate

of ve feet per round.

Movement in this way is

a full-round action and

can only be maintained

for as many rounds as the

users Constitution score (twice

this if the user has the Endurance

feat) before one hour of rest is

required.

Xornclaw Shovel:  Large Exotic Weapon; 500

gp; Dmg 1d8 (1d12 to earth or stone creatures);

Critical x2; Range ; 10 lb.; Slashing.

Yellow Dust

Called yellow dust because of its effects on

those who inhale it, this russet-coloured

powder is used as an inhaled poison

(including the risk of accidental

exposure).  When breathed, yellow

dust forces the victim to make a

Will save (DC 18) or ee in terror

for 1d4 minutes.  If prevented

from eeing, affected targets

curl up in the nearest corner and

are considered cowering until its

effects wear off. Creating yellow dust requires an

Alchemy check (DC 28).

Yellow Dust:  50 gp per dose.

Zephyrwing

A strange device, likely created by gnomes, the

zephyrwing is a wide triangle of silk attached

to a collapsible framework of metal and wood.

When set up, a process that takes 10 minutes,

a zephyrwing grants a ying movement rate

of 45 with poor manoeuvrability.  Zephyrwing

ight cannot gain altitude and loses ve feet of

altitude each round unless the user can make a

Reex saving throw (DC 10 + 2 per round of

use).  A Zephyrwing can only support 200 pounds

of weight without collapsing and plummeting

immediately.  When folded up, a Zephyrwing can

be stored in a large backpack.

Zephyrwing:  450 gp; 12 lb.

Special Tools

Eventually, a rogue will run up against a lock that

no pick will turn or a trap that no pinion will keep

from springing.  When the standard tools in a

thiefs trusty set are just not up to a new challenge,

a rogue has two choices.  One, he can practice,

train and seek out enough experience to raise his

skills to the level required.  The other option is

to seek out a tool that makes up the difference

between what the rogue can currently do and what

the lock or trap requires of him.

While constant growth of ones skills is always

a desirable goal, a rogues companions might

not have enough time to wait for this self-

improvement.  When time is of the essence, a

special tool can mean the difference between

success and an ignoble demise.

The tools listed below are all one-shot items unless

otherwise noted.  Standard thieves tools are made

for heavy, constant work; they are functional and

built to last.  Special tools, on the other hand,

are designed to accomplish more than a normal

version of the same item at the cost of reusability.

Crafted by master rogues and tinkers, special tools

are usually only available in the thieves guilds of

large cities and in other dangerous, exotic locales.

86

HONOUR AMONGST ROGUES

Stonecutter

Acid Needle

Coil Spike

Finger Hook

Special Tools

Tool

Acid Needle

Cost

70 gp

Coil Spike

65 gp

Farpick

Finger Hooks

50 gp

50 gp

Linegrabber

75 gp

Master Key

90 gp

Poisoncatch

80 gp

Stonecutter

120 gp

Steelspike

100 gp

Trapbane

120 gp

Linegrabber

Master Key

Poisoncatch

Steelspike

Trapbane

Effect

+3 or -3 circumstance modier to an Open Lock check due to physical acid

damage to the locks inner workings.

A tight coil inserted and released into a trap or lock, forcing a Fortitude save (DC

18).  Failure destroys the trap or lock.

A fragile, extending arm that allows Open Locks checks from a 10-foot distance.

Tiny, hooked ngertip covers; these grant a +2 circumstance bonus to Pick

Pockets checks.  These items are reusable.

Adds a +4 circumstance bonus to Disable Device checks made against traps

involving tripwires.

Grants a +4 circumstance bonus to an Open Lock check.  Only one master key

can be used on any given lock.

Padded lock-pick cover absorbs the poison from a trap, granting a +2

circumstance bonus to Fortitude saves made in this case.

Gem-tipped saw grants a +2 circumstance bonus to Open Lock and Disable

Device checks if stone is a major factor.

A climbing tool designed to be driven in and left behind, a steelspike adds a +2

circumstance bonus to a Climb check.  One steelspike can be used every 10 feet.

A specialised trap breaker, a trapbane tool grants a +4 circumstance bonus to a

Disable Device check.  Any failed roll using a trapbane tool springs the trap in

question.

87

IN THE WILD

In the Wild

Though often seen as the area of expertise for

druids, rangers and barbarians, life in the

wilderness is a cold, hard and wet fact for

most adventurers.  However, when cut off from

civilisation, adventurers must be careful to ensure

they are equipped to survive without regular hot

food and warm beds at night.  Climate, terrain and

wildlife can all combine to make survival a dim

prospect in the wilderness and the wise adventurer

will make sure he has exactly the right equipment

for any long journey.

Aba

These desert robes are made of a light fabric,

covering the whole body and typically brown or

white in colour.  A humanoid will usually wear

several layers of these fabrics, with light colours

worn under dark colours.  In hot or dry climates,

an Aba helps prevent perspiration, allowing the

wearer to retain water.  In temperatures up to 110O

F, the Aba provides a +4 circumstantial bonus to

all Fortitude saves made against heat exhaustion

and subdual damage due to heat.  However,

characters suffering from thirst or in environments

with high humidity do not benet from wearing an

Aba.  A character must be shown how to wear Aba

properly.  If the character does not have a guide, he

must succeed in a Wilderness Lore check (DC 10)

when he rst tries to wear an Aba.

Aba:  30 gp; 2 lb.

Animal Snare

Usually taking the

form of stout cages

with spring-loaded

traps, animal snares

are commonly used

by adventurers in

the wilderness to

capture small animals

 normally for food

and sustenance.  However, many quickly come

to realise that there is more to setting a snare

than merely leaving it behind a convenient rock.

Snares have to be well positioned where suitable

animals will encounter them and they have to be

baited to persuade suspicious creatures inside.

Once a character sets a snare, a Wilderness Lore

check (DC 15) should be made every 24 hours to

determine whether it has caught any prey.  The

Games Master may modify the DC of this check

88

to reect sparse animal life, unsuitable terrain, bad

weather and other factors.

Animal Snare, Bird:  2 gp; 2 lb.

Animal Snare, Small:  5 gp; 4 lb.

Animal Snare, Tiny:  1 gp; 2 lb.

Anti-fungal Ointment

One of the greatest hazards of

travel in any hot, wet environment

(like a jungle or a tropical swamp)

is fungal infection.  There are

funguses that grow like thick

orange fur, that explode in long

black tubes after gestating for weeks, that cause

the skin to become brittle and blue as it akes off

the bleeding muscles.  A cure disease spell will

deal with most of these easily enough.  However,

a well-prepared adventurer brings a supply of

ointment with him that prevents these infections

in the rst place.  Daily application of this

preparation gives the character a +2 circumstance

bonus to his Fortitude save to resist fungal diseases

or the special abilities of oozes.  When purchased

a jar of the ointment has enough material in it to

provide protection for ten days.

Antifungal Ointment:  25 gp per jar; 1 lb.

Backpack

A leather pack secured on

the characters back with

a number of straps.

Backpack:  2 gp; 2 lb.

Bedroll

A thick, waterproof groundsheet and a thin blanket

used to help a character get better sleep in the

outdoors.

Bedroll:  1 sp; 5 lb.

Bird Call

By blowing into this nely-crafted whistle, a

character can create a sound similar to those

created by game birds during mating.  Using a

bird call grants a +2 circumstance bonus to all

Profession (hunter) checks to locate a particular

game bird.  Bird calls

are only effective

against a particular

game bird, which must

be specied during

purchase, such as ducks, geese, pheasants and so

on.

Bird Call:  5 sp.

Blanket, Winter

A thick, woollen blanket.

Blanket, Winter:  5 sp; 3 lb.

Blanket and Hood, Horse

Essential when travelling to colder climes, the

fur-lined horse hood and blanket will keep a mount

warm and free of ice during cold nights in camp.

A mount wearing a blanket and hood can survive

in temperatures as low as a 0O F without the need

to roll for damage.  Once the temperature drops

below 0O F, the mount must make a Fortitude save

every hour (DC 15, +1 per previous check) or

sustain 1d6s point of subdual damage.  The mount

receives a +2 circumstance bonus to its saving

throw when wearing a blanket and hood.

Blanket and Hood, Horse, Huge:  18 gp; 8 lb.

Blanket and Hood, Horse, Large:  8 gp; 5 lb.

Blanket and Hood, Horse, Medium-size:  4 gp;

2 lb.

Blood Decoy

In the waterways of the world there lurk a

thousand dangers, each more terrible than the last.

Fortunately the majority of these dangers are not

malicious.  They simply feed on whatever happens

to be available.  Intelligent travellers realise this

and come prepared with blood decoys.  Each decoy

is a vaguely st-shaped object made of hard jelly.

They smell a

great deal like

dried blood.

When thrown into

water (preferably

far away from

IN THE WILD

the area the traveller intends to cross) the decoy

expands to several times its original size and gives

off the unmistakable smell of blood.  This lures the

predators away from the travellers crossing point

for 2d4 rounds.

Blood Decoy:  5 gp; 1 lb.

Boat Boots

One of the more

inventive solutions

to moving around in

swamps, these wide

boots can support

a small mans weight (about 150 pounds) on the

surface of the water for short periods of time.

They are clumsy on land (-2 penalty to Dex checks

and Reex saves).  Anyone wearing boat boots

can move across up to 20 feet of water as though

it were dry land, although they are at one-half

their normal movement speed.  Dwarves and other

heavy creatures cannot use boat boots without

sinking though the waters surface.

Boat Boots:  25 gp; 15 lb.

Body Pack

This rather odd-looking pack

is a logical extension of the

bandoleer and pack belt

concepts.  It consists of what

looks like a padded body

harness, crossing the chest,

circling the waist and covering

the back with a at thin pack.

The pack can store approximately 15 pounds of

goods in a watertight containment.  This pack is

popular among spelunkers and others who have to

move quickly in tight spaces.

Body Pack:  10 gp; 2 lb.

Body Sled

Measuring around 6 feet long, this sled can hold a

creature of up to Large size.  Designed for pulling

captured quarry, many use it instead to assist fallen

comrades.  The body sled multiples a characters

dragging load by one-and-a-half.  If pulled over

snow, the dragging load is doubled.

Body Sled:

45 gp; 25 lb.

89

IN THE WILD

Boots, Bladed

These stout boots are

designed specically

to aid climbers of trees

and soft rock.  With

toughened soles holding

an upturned blade secure, a climber can scale

sheer surfaces easily with very little practice.

The upturned blades ensure that movement is not

impeded though the heavy construction of this

footwear makes the wearer very easy to track.

Bladed boots grant a +1 circumstance bonus to all

Climb checks made when scaling trees or other

softer surfaces.  However, a +2 circumstance bonus

is granted to any Wilderness Lore checks made to

track the wearer.

Bladed Boots:  18 gp; 2 lb.

Breath Bag

This thin, air-lled bladder

contains enough air for one

breath while underwater.  Taking

this breath allows the character

to reset the number of rounds

since his last breath back to zero,

starting the count down against his two rounds

per point of Constitution over again.  This item

is particularly popular in underground and island

settings, where a single breath can mean the

difference between life and death.

Breath Bag:  2 gp; 1 lb.

Breathing Rope

A breathing rope is a

long, hollow, exible tube

that measures 50 feet

in length.  Lengths can

be joined together to form a longer breathing

rope.  The maximum length of such a rope is

150 feet.  While using a rope you may extend

the duration per Constitution point that you have

before beginning to suffocate from two rounds per

point of Constitution to six rounds per point of

Constitution.

Breathing Rope:  20 gp per 50 ft. length; 60 lb.

Brick Press

This two-foot by two-foot by three-foot box has

cranks built into two sides and the top.  This allows

the user to compress mud into bricks if he has the

time and desire.  More importantly, it allows for

90

the creation of fuel

bricks from animal

waste.  These bricks

allow you to maintain a

normal re in situations

where you might not be able to nd wood for fuel.

Brick Press:  10 gp; 30 lb.

Camouage Tarp

The underground

passages that

criss-cross the

world contain

horrors that man

was not meant to know.

Explorers in those dark reaches need some place

safe to rest while far away from moon and sun.

The camouage tarp provides that safe shelter,

blending in with the rock and stone and keeping

the heat of the travellers body inside the tarp

itself.  Using the tarp provides you with a +2 bonus

to Hide checks when standing still.  Deploying the

tarp is a full round action.

Camouage Tarp:  12 gp per 10 square feet; 10

lb.

Canoe, Bark

These two-man boats have a wooden frame layered

in a thin paper-

like bark.  They

are light and

watertight, but

somewhat fragile and prone to breaking apart

if they strike up hard against rocks.  Characters

piloting a bark canoe get a +2 circumstance bonus

to their efforts because of the canoes nimbleness.

However, the canoe has hardness 2 and 15 hit

points.  The DC for a Craft (shipmaking) skill

check to build a bark canoe is 10.

Canoe, Bark:  10 gp; 60 lb.

Canoe, Dugout

This large and heavy canoe can hold two people.

You make them by taking a single tree and

hollowing it out using axes and re.  Although

quick and cheap they are also very clumsy.

Anyone sailing in a dugout canoe has a 2 penalty

on all Profession (sailor) checks to keep the canoe

moving.  Dugouts are

reasonably

sturdy, having

IN THE WILD

hardness 5 and 30 Hit Points.  The DC of the Craft

(shipmaking) check to build a dugout is 10.

Canoe, Dugout:  10 gp; 120 lb.

Canoe, Outrigger

This 30-foot-long canoe holds as many as six

people comfortably.  Although only three feet

wide, the canoe has two oating pontoons attached

to it for stability

and storage.

These canoes are

designed for long,

ocean voyages

and can easily

cover thousands of miles.

Climbers Kit,

Masterwork

This high quality climbers kit

contains the regular equipment

of a standard kit, including

pitons, boot tips, gloves and

the climbing harness.  Due

to the quality of this kit, it

provides a +2 circumstance

bonus to all Climb checks and

pitons may be afxed to sheer

surfaces much quicker  two

may be safely hammered

within a single minute,

increasing a climbers overall

speed.

Canoe, Outrigger:  500 gp; 400 lb.

Climbers Kit, Masterwork:  400 gp; 5 lb.

Canvas

A thin, waterproof material used in the

construction of tents.  Also used as makeshift

tarps by characters to protect their gear from the

elements.

Canvas:  1 sp per square yard; 1 lb.

Case, Map or Scroll

A leather tube used for holding rolled-up maps or

scrolls.  It includes a leather cap.

Case, Map or Scroll:  1gp;  lb.

Chalk

This white, crumbly, powdery stone has no use

as a construction material or for magic.  It is,

however, perfect for marking on any hard surface.

This makes it ideal for adventuring, as many

adventurers have a need to quickly

mark doors, passageways and other

places with notes.  Chalk markings

wash away with water.  They are easily smudged

by anyone who wishes to obscure them.

Chalk:  1 cp per piece.

Climbers Kit

Special pitons, boot tips, gloves and a harness that

aids in all sorts of climbing.  This is the perfect

tool for climbing and provides a +2 circumstance

bonus to Climb checks.

Climbers Kit:  80 gp; 5 lb.

Cold Weather Outt

A wool coat, linen shirt, wool cap, heavy cloak,

thick trousers or skirt and boots.  When wearing a

cold weather outt, add a +5 circumstance bonus

to Fortitude saving throws against exposure to cold

weather.

Cold Weather Outt:  8 gp; 7 lb.

Compass

Loadstone is a naturally occurring magnet that

points towards the north when allowed to swing

freely.  A compass works by suspending a needle

of loadstone in oil.  This oil is sealed in a metal

cylinder with a glass face.  The user sits the

compass on the ground.  A few (1d4) rounds later

the needle swings towards true north.  Using a

compass gives you a +4 bonus

to Intuit Direction rolls.

Compass:  200 gp; 1 lb.

Coracle

A coracle (also called a corwg) is a small, rounded

boat of leather stretched over a wicker or wooden

frame.  Typically four feet across, it ts one

Medium-size character.  It allows the character to

move at his normal movement speed over shallow

and reasonably still waters, but cannot be used

when the water is rough.

Building a coracle requires

a Craft (shipmaking) skill

check (DC 15).

Coracle:  15 gp; 20 lb.

91

IN THE WILD

Desert Kit

A desert kit contains

everything that you

might need to survive

in a desert setting.  It

includes basic survival

tools as well as key speciality items that make

desert living easier.  Possession of this kit gives

you a +2 bonus to your Wilderness Lore skill

check to survive in a desert environment.  A kit

lasts for 10 days of continuous use.

Desert Kit:  10 gp; 15 lb.

Desert Kit, Masterwork

A masterwork desert kit contains all of the same

materials as a desert kit and provides the same

bonuses.  The advantages of a masterwork kit are

two-fold  it lasts for 20 days rather than 10 and

weighs 10 pounds rather than 15 pounds.

Desert Kit, Masterwork:  40 gp; 10 lb.

Dowsing Rod

This split stick made

of specially treated

wood points towards

sources of fresh

water.  It gives the user a +2 bonus to Wilderness

Lore checks to nd usable sources of fresh water

in any natural setting.

Dowsing Rod:  5 gp; 1 lb.

Dwarven Pie

Down in the deep cold of the ancient mines even

the hearty dwarves need a warm meal.  Therefore

they invented the hard-crusted pastry called the

Dwarven Pie.  These

small, loaf-size objects

have a heavy, thick crust

surrounding a meat and

cheese centre.  They stay

comfortably warm for up

to twelve hours and provide a +1 morale bonus to

saves against the effects of non-magical cold.

Dwarven Pie:  2 sp;  lb.

Earths Blood

This thick, reddish concoction of wine and herbs

is extremely popular with explorers who nd

themselves travelling through the higher mountains

92

of the world.  If imbued it

enriches the blood of most

races (dwarves for some

reason are not affected),

allowing them not to be

fatigued after taking subdual damage because of

low oxygen conditions.  Each dose of earths blood

lasts for twelve hours.

Earths Blood:  2 gp per dose;  lb.

Elven Wafer

Although named after the elves this dense, highly

crispy travel ration actually

originated among heavily

settled human populations.

Formed of highly

concentrated grain paste

dried about a bean centre,

these palm-sized bricks each pack enough nutrition

in them to sustain an active man for a single day.

The elves do have a similar foodstuff that they use

to supply their armies on the march.

Elven Wafer:  1 gp;  lb.

Explorers Outt

This is a full set of clothes for someone who never

knows what to expect.  It includes sturdy boots,

leather breeches or a skirt, a belt, a shirt (perhaps

with a vest or jacket), gloves and a cloak.  Rather

than a leather skirt, a leather overtunic may be

worn instead over a cloth skirt.  The clothes have

plenty of pockets (especially the cloak).  The outt

also includes any extra items a character might

need, such as a scarf or a wide-brimmed hat.

Explorers Outt:  10 gp; 8 lb.

Fins

Many coastal people t simple leather ns to

their feet to enhance their ability to swim.  These

ns give the wearer a +2 circumstance bonus to

Swim checks while worn but only if the character

wearing them is unencumbered.  Putting on ns

takes two full round actions; one to remove your

boots/shoes and another to t the ns on.  Wearing

ns on land reduces your land

speed by one-half.  Making

a pair of ns requires Craft

(leatherwork) skill check with

DC 15.

Fins:  15 gp per pair; 10 lb.

Fire Seed

Most experienced travellers do not try to restart

their re every night.  Instead they carry a padded

ceramic container called a re seed.  This container

holds a single coal from the re the night before.

A re seed can protect an ember for up to three

days, but cannot withstand immersion of any sort.

Even attempting the average water crossing with a

re seed can (if sufciently damp) put the seed out.

Starting a re with a re seed is much easier than

with any of the more usual methods, giving the

user a +2 circumstance bonus to any skill check

required when starting or maintaining a re.

Fire Seed:  2 gp; 1 lb.

Fishing Kit

A kit of tackle, shing cord

and bait, this is ideal for

any adventurer in the wild

as it provides the necessary

tools to sh without the hassle of crafting a net

or shing pole.  Using a shing kit provides a

+2 circumstance bonus on all Profession (sher)

checks.

Fishing Kit:  10 gp; 5 lb.

Fishing Net

Though it is possible to sh without a dedicated

net, it is very difcult to catch a sizeable quantity

of sh without one.  Each net can cover a 25-

square-foot area of water and provides a +4

circumstance bonus to Profession (sher) checks.

However, a shing net requires a Use Rope check

(DC 15) to set up properly.  In addition, a character

using a shing net who possesses at least ve ranks

in the Use Rope skill receives an additional +2

synergy bonus to his Profession (sher) checks.

Fishing Net:  4gp per 25 square  ft.; 5 lb.

Flat Boat

Flat boats are small boats (no more than 15 feet

long and 5 feet wide) that possess no keel at all.

They can operate fully loaded in waters as shallow

as six inches in depth, making them invaluable in

IN THE WILD

swamps and other watery areas.  All at boats are

also highly prone to capsizing in anything remotely

resembling turbulent waters.  Anyone attempting

to keep them aoat in such conditions has a 4

penalty to whatever skill checks the Games Master

requires.

Flat Boat:  50 gp; 150 lb.

Flint and Steel

Striking the steel and int together creates sparks.

By knocking sparks into tinder, a character can

create a small ame.  Lighting a torch with int

and steel is a full-round action and lighting any

other re with them takes at least that long.

Flint and Steel:  1 gp.

Forest Blind

Set high up in a tree, this camouaged seat is

typically a semi-permanent emplacement.  It does

not provide any protection from the elements,

however, the screens

around it and the

location do provide the

user with a +4 bonus

to Hide checks while

he uses the blind.  A

fully assembled blind

consists of a simple

chair, screens of appropriate vegetation and usually

some kind of netting to hold it all together.  A fully

assembled blind can be installed in just under an

hour.

Forest Blind:  55 gp; 50 lb.

Forest Kit

A forest kit contains everything

that you might need to survive

in a forest setting.  It includes

basic survival tools as well as key

speciality items that make forest

living easier.  Possession of this

kit gives you a +2 bonus to your

Wilderness Lore skill check to

survive in a forest environment.  A kit lasts for ten

days of continuous use.

Forest Kit:  5 gp; 15 lb.

Forest Kit, Masterwork

A masterwork forest kit contains all of the same

materials as a forest kit.  It provides the same

93

IN THE WILD

bonuses.  The advantages of a masterwork kit are

twofold  it lasts for 20 days rather than 10 and

weighs 10 pounds rather than 15 pounds.

Forest Kit, Masterwork:  30 gp; 10 lb.

Glow Powder

Glow powder comes in two separate containers

when purchased.  When a measured amount

of these two powders is brought

together they begin to glow, giving off

illumination equal to that of a normal

candle for one hour.  The two bags

contain enough of the mixture to supply

48 hours of continuous light.  Glow

powder is very common among the

various underground races, as well as among races

that have reason to travel for long periods of time

underground.  When mixed the powder gives off a

pale green/white light.

Glow Powder:  10 gp; 1 lb.

Glowing Harness

One of the logical extensions of the discovery

of glow powder was the need for a method for

holding mixed powder while working on other

things.  The result of this need was the glowing

harness, a kind of light source attached to your

shoulder.  The harness crosses your chest and has

a metal box with glass sides

attached to either the right

or left shoulder.  When glow

powder is poured into the box,

the light illuminates the area

around the bearer without him

having to tie up one of his hands

carrying a torch or lantern.

Glowing Harness:  20 gp; 4 lb.

Glowmould Fuel

Glowmould is a fungus that thrives underwater.

It has natural phosphorescence but does not

provide sufcient illumination for good visibility.

However, when an alchemical catalyst is added

the glow brightens dramatically, creating light

equivalent to that of a torch.  A fuel package

consists of a supply of glowmould and a supply

of catalyst.  The glowmould lantern (see below)

is designed to intake small amounts of catalyst at

a time; each usage supplies 15 minutes of light,

with a total burn time of four hours per package.

Changing a fuel package takes two full rounds as

94

both glowmould and catalyst must be carefully

placed in the lantern.  Glowmould is cool to the

touch and cannot be used to start res or cause

damage.

Glowmould Fuel:  3 sp;  lb.

Glowmould Lantern

These lanterns are composed of thin sheets of

hardened sh leather darkened to opaqueness,

with a bone framework.  The bullseye lantern has

only a single shutter; its other sides are coated

with a special wax to reect the light in a single

direction.  It illuminates a cone 60 feet long and 20

feet wide at the end and it burns for four hours on a

single unit of glowmould fuel.  The hooded lantern

is a standard lantern with

shuttered or hinged sides.  It

illuminates a 30-foot radius

and burns for four hours on

a single unit of glowmould

fuel.  A glowmould lantern

can be carried in one hand.

Glowmould Lantern,

Bullseye:  15 gp; 3 lb.

Glowmould Lantern,

Hooded:  10 gp; 3 lb.

Grappling Hook

A three or four-pronged metal hook, this is

commonly tied to the end of a rope to assist in

climbing.

Grappling Hook:  1 gp; 4 lb.

Gripping Resin

This sticky resin comes in a small metal container.

When applied liberally to leather gloves and boots

it makes them tacky, allowing the wearer to more

readily hold on to objects or walls.  When used

before a combat the resin gives the user a +1 bonus

to resist disarm attempts.  When used to assist with

climbing the user gains a +1 bonus to Climb skill

checks.  When the resin is used in this way it also

gives anyone attempting to track the character a

+2 bonus to Wilderness Lore checks, as it leaves a

fairly thick residue behind.  Each metal container

holds enough resin for four uses.

Gripping Resin:  10 gp per container;  lb.

IN THE WILD

away will hear it with a successful

Listen check (DC 20 +1 for every

additional quarter-mile beyond the rst

half-mile).

Horn, Small: 1 gp; lb.

Hunting Knives

These small knives are for cleaning and preparing

a kill for meals, rather than ghting in the

wilderness.  Replete with boning, skinning and

other delicate knives, these blades are well crafted

and provide a signicant benet

for game hunters, whatever their

prey.  Each set of knives includes

six different blades for a variety of

dressing purposes.  Using a complete

set of hunting knives confers a +2

competence bonus to all Craft (dress

animal) checks.

Hunting Knives:  Tiny Simple Weapon; 12 gp;

Dmg 1d2; Critical x2; Range 5 ft.; 3 lb.; Piercing.

Hunters Outt

These are clothes designed specically to hunt.

The shirt, breeches and overcoat are all dyed in

natural hues to blend into natural settings and, in

addition, the soft-soled boots

are quieter than other varieties.

Complete with a number of

pockets and loops, this set of

clothing is certain to please

any outdoor adventurer.  By

spending an additional 100 gp,

the character may purchase

a masterwork version of the

hunters outt, which provides

a +2 circumstance bonus to

all Hide and Move Silently

checks while in a natural

setting.

Hunters Outt:  18 gp; 5 lb.

Hunters Outt, Masterwork:  118 gp; 5 lb.

Ice Boots

These thick, white, fur boots offer the character

protection from frost-bite and give the character

a +2 circumstance bonus to any Balance checks

made to avoid slipping and falling on ice.

Ice Boots:  15 gp; 1 lb.

Haling Bread

During their long nomadic wanderings the

halings perfected a baking method that allowed

them to create highly nutritious, light rations that

resemble small, brown rocks.  Halings simply

smile when asked how they make

the things, lled as they are with

exotic dried fruits and a variety of

meats that should go bad in days but

seem to last for months.  Each loaf

is a meal and halings sell them in

batches of three.  Properly cared for, a ration of

haling bread lasts for several months.

Haling Bread:  1 gp per 3 loaves;  lb.

Hearth Stones

One of the greatest dangers faced by explorers the

world over is cold.  The traditional way of ghting

back against cold, the re, is not always available

in many environments.  High in the mountains,

underground and on many of the great grasslands

there is little fuel to create life-protecting re.

Hearth stones are one of the many ways that

people over the years have responded to this

difculty.  Each stone is a specially-

treated charcoal capable of providing

the warmth of a normal campre for

up to ve hours.  The stone can be

used as the starter for a normal re or

can take the place of a re if need be.

Hearth Stone:  3 gp; 1 lb.

Horn, Hunting

Sounding a hunting horn signals allies or strikes

fear in the heart of enemies.  When this large horn

is blown in the open wilderness, all

creatures within a mile will hear its

call.  Those further away will hear it

with a successful Listen check (DC

20 +1 for every additional half-mile

beyond the rst mile).

Hunting Horn:  5 gp; 1 lb.

Horn, Small

Adventurers not wishing the luxury of a

hunting horn may instead opt for these smaller

devices.  Though they do not have the range and

sheer power of the larger version, they are less

cumbersome and ideal for keeping a party together

that has split up in the wilderness.  All creatures

within half a mile will hear its call.  Those further

95

IN THE WILD

Insect Netting

Those wishing to avoid

the side effects of insect

repellent may nd this

netting benecial when they camp in swamps and

other havens of small vermin.  This silk netting can

cover a single Medium-size creature with ease and

will protect against all biting and stinging insects.

Insect Netting:  250 gp; 1 lb.

Insect Repellent

By liberally coating exposed esh, a character

can protect himself from most biting and stinging

insects.  Stinging vermin must

succeed a Will save (DC 10)

to approach within 10 feet of a

character using insect repellent.

Unfortunately, insect repellent

has a similar affect against

other creatures, conferring a

2 circumstance penalty to all Charisma-based

checks relying upon interaction (such as Bluff and

Diplomacy).

Insect Repellent:  1 gp per application.

Insect Repelling Candle

These specially-treated candles burn for eight

hours.  During that time normal insects avoid a

10-foot radius around the candle.  Magically-

controlled insects can penetrate this protection

if their controller makes a Will save (DC 15) to

overcome their reluctance.  Anyone attempting to

sleep in a particularly insect-lled environment (a

swamp or a jungle) without the protection of some

kind of insect repellent must make a Will save (DC

10) to get a full nights sleep.

Insect Repelling Candle:  5 gp; 1 lb.

Jungle Kit

A jungle kit contains everything that you might

need to survive in a jungle setting.  It includes

basic survival tools, as well as key speciality items

that make jungle living easier, and insect repellent.

Possession of this kit gives you

a +2 bonus to your Wilderness

Lore skill check to survive in a

jungle environment.  A kit lasts

for 10 days of continuous use.

Jungle Kit:  5 gp; 15 lb.

96

Jungle Kit,

Masterwork

A masterwork jungle kit

contains all of the same

materials as a jungle kit

and provides the same

bonuses.  The advantages of

a masterwork kit are two-

fold  it lasts for 20 days

rather than 10 and weighs 10 pounds rather than 15

pounds.

Jungle Kit, Masterwork:  55 gp; 10 lb.

Ladder, Rope

Any adventurer will know that ladders can be

supremely useful devices, though few have the

space or carrying capacity to ensure one is always

on hand.  Though they take some getting used to,

rope ladders are easy-to-carry devices that readily

fold up into any backpack.  A typical rope ladder

will support weights of up to 850 pounds and be

able to extend to 30 feet in length.

Ladder, Rope:  2 gp per 30-ft.length; 4 lb.

Lamp, Common

A lamp clearly illuminates things in a 15-foot

radius and burns for six hours on a pint of oil.  It

burns with a more even ame than a torch but,

unlike a lantern, it uses an open ame and it can

spill easily, making it too dangerous for most

adventuring.  A lamp can be carried in one hand.

Lamp, Common:  1 sp; 1 lb.

Lantern, Bullseye

A bullseye lantern has only a single shutter, with

its other sides being highly polished inside to

reect the light in a single direction.  It illuminates

a cone 60 feet long and 20 feet wide at the end and

it burns for six hours on a pint of oil.  A lantern can

be carried in one hand.

Lantern, Bullseye:  12 gp; 3 lb.

IN THE WILD

Lantern, Hooded

A hooded lantern is a standard lantern with

shuttered or hinged sides.  A lantern can be carried

in one hand.  It clearly illuminates a 30-foot radius

and burns for six hours on a pint of oil.

hot spots on the feet moleskin

can halve the subdual damage

caused by a forced march.  Each

patch of moleskin gives this

bonus for a single day.

Lantern, Hooded:  7 gp; 2 lb.

Moleskin:  1 gp per patch.

Leash

Adventurers may sometimes come across wild

creatures they wish to tame, or domestic animals

that have escaped.

Any ranger will

usually work hard to

pacify such creatures

and use a comfortable

leash to restrain and

control them.  Leashes come with collars and are

designed to hold an animal rm without harming

it.

Leash, Huge:  6 gp; 3 lb.

Leash, Large:  2 gp; 1 lb.

Leash, Medium-size:  1 gp;  lb.

Leash, Small:  5 sp.

Leash, Tiny:  2 sp.

Machete

A single-edged blade designed to clear away

underbrush and heavy growth, the machete is a

poor substitute for a longsword in combat.  If used

as a clearing tool through heavy vegetation, such as

jungle or dense forest, speed of travel doubles.  For

example, if the character travels through trackless

jungle, he typically

moves at  base

speed.  However,

by using a machete,

his movement

improves to  base speed.  The only drawback to

the machete is that it is impossible to conceal ones

movements in this fashion and thereby doubles all

chances for random encounters and confers a +10

circumstance bonus to Wilderness Lore checks

made by other characters to track the machete user.

Machete:  Medium-size Simple Weapon; 8 gp;

Dmg 1d6; Critical x2; Range ; 5 lb.; Slashing.

Moleskin

Moleskin is a heavy cloth that is smooth on one

side and rough on the other.  It is somewhat sticky

on the smooth side allowing it to adhere to skin.

When cut into small strips and used to protect

Mountain Kit

A mountain kit contains

everything that you might need

to survive in a mountain setting.

It includes basic survival tools

as well as key speciality items

that make mountain living easier.

Possession of this kit gives you

a +2 bonus to your Wilderness

Lore skill check to survive in a

mountain environment.  A kit lasts

for 10 days of continuous use.

Mountain Kit:  10 gp; 20 lb.

Mountain Kit, Masterwork

A masterwork mountain

kit contains all of the same

materials as a mountain kit.  It

provides the same bonuses.  The

advantages of a masterwork

kit are two-fold  it lasts for

20 days rather than 10 and

weighs 15 pounds rather than

20 pounds.

Mountain Kit, Masterwork:  60 gp; 15 lb.

Mountaineers Outt

A mountaineers outt is a many-

layered affair, with light inner

shirts and trousers, heavy,

waterproof trousers, a vest, heavy

shirt, cloak, belt, boots and a

sturdy hat.  This outt allows the

traveller to respond quickly to the

changing conditions of mountain

weather.

Mountaineers Outt:  3 gp; 5

lb.

Oil

A pint of oil burns for six hours in a lantern.  You

can use a ask of oil as a grenade-like weapon.

Use the rules for alchemists re, except that it

97

IN THE WILD

takes a full-round action to prepare a ask with a

fuse.  Once it is thrown, there is only a 50% chance

that the ask ignites successfully.

A pint of oil poured on the ground covers an area

ve-feet-square (provided the surface is smooth).

If lit, the oil burns for two rounds and deals 1d3

points of damage to each creature in the area.

Oil:  1 sp per 1-pint ask; 1 lb.

Packing Board

In the cold wastes of the far north there is little

shelter from the bitter cold.  Protection must

be constructed by hand, a laborious and often

dangerous process.  The three foot long by two-

foot-wide packing board helps with this, as it gives

the user a way of compressing snow for a shelter

without getting his hands and body wet.  This gives

the character a +1 bonus to Wilderness Survival

skill checks to nd suitable shelter in an arctic or

tundra environment.

Packing Board:  1 gp; 5 lb.

Piton

When a wall does not offer handholds and

footholds, a climber can make his own.  A piton is

a steel spike with an eye through which a rope can

be looped.

Piton:  1 sp;  lb.

Pouch, Belt

A leather pouch that straps to your belt.

Pouch, Belt:  1 gp;  lb.

Preserving Kit

A preserving kit includes salt, a variety of sheets

of varying layers, a tool for creating sawdust, jars

and other assorted preserving supplies.  Using

it provides the tools needed for any skill check

involving the preservation and long-term storage of

food.  The kit is good for 10 uses.

Preserving Kit:  5 gp; 5 lb.

Preserving Kit,

Masterwork

A masterwork preserving

kit contains all of the tools

in a preserving kit but

those tools are of higher quality.  The kit provides

the user with a +2 circumstance bonus to any skill

checks involving the preservation and long-term

storage of food.  The kit is good for 15 uses.

Preserving Kit, Masterwork:  55 gp; 10 lb.

Riser

A riser is a bag, rope and pulley system that allows

the user to lift as much as 50 pounds of materials

into a tree.  This protects camp

goods and rations from small

forest or jungle animals that might

otherwise get into the stores.  The

pulley must be afxed to a tree,

cliff face or other high object in

order to lift the stores.

Riser:  10 gp; 2 lb.

Rope, Hemp

This rope has 2 hit points and can be snapped with

a successful Strength check (DC 23).

Rope, Hemp:  1 gp per 50-ft. length; 10 lb.

Rope, Silk

This rope has 4 hit points and can be snapped

with a successful Strength check (DC 24).  It is so

supple that it adds a +2 circumstance bonus to Use

Rope checks.

Rope, Silk:  10 gp per 50-ft. length; 5 lb.

Rucksack

Designed to complement the humble backpack,

this rucksack is made of stout leather and is

extremely durable.  It is worn around the waist

as a belt and ts snugly underneath the ordinary

backpack, greatly increasing a characters carrying

capacity.

Rucksack:  1 gp; 1 lb.

Salt Tablet

Salt is one of the single most important spices in

the world.  Highly useful in preserving, it is an

essential ingredient in the diets of most mortal

races.  Taking a salt tablet once a day gives a

travelling character a +2

circumstance bonus to

resist the effects of forced

marches, desert travel

and long-term exposure

98

to extremes of heat and cold.  Each packet of salt

tablets contains 25 tablets.

Salt Tablet:  1 gp.

Sighting Glass

A clever invention, the sighting glass is actually

two or more lenses held fast within a leather

sheath.  By looking through the sighting glass,

distant objects are greatly magnied and brought

into focus.  A character using

a sighting glass doubles his

spotting distances over clear

terrain.

Sighting Glass:  55 gp; 1 lb.

Signal Whistle

When blown this whistle produces a sharp tone

that can be heard at a distance of up to ve miles.

Signal Whistle:  8 sp; 1/10 lb.

Sleigh

Common in arctic environments, the sleigh is a

development of the light wagon.  Travelling on

hardwood runners, sleighs are often pulled by

reindeer, dogs or other beasts of burden used to

cold conditions.  Creatures pulling a sleigh can

travel at their normal speed across snow, taking

into account the weight of the sleigh and its cargo.

Sleigh, Two-Person:

18 gp; 250 lb.

Sleigh, Four-Person:

50 gp; 425 lb.

Skates

These are hard leather shoes with sharp blades

xed to their soles.  With practice, an adventurer

will nd he can move quickly and easily across

ice-covered terrain, at far faster rates than if he

were walking.  However, the use of skates takes

a great deal of practice.  A character practising

with skates for eight hours a day for a period of

one week will be able to double his movement

rate when on ice.  Those not practised in their use

suffer a 75% reduction to

their movement rate.  Skates

may only be used on ice or

similar surfaces.

Skates:  2 gp per pair; 1 lb.

IN THE WILD

Skis

Simple in concept, hardwood skis are essential

devices when travelling across snow and they

include two poles to aid balance.  A practised

individual will nd he can move normally across

snow (no movement penalty) on at ground and

greatly increase his speed downhill  a practised

character travelling downhill on skis can double

his movement rate.  However, those travelling at

double or run rates must make a Dexterity check

(DC 15 and 20 for at ground and downhill,

respectively) or suffer 2d6 points of damage as

they lose control and crash.  Games Masters may

insist on further

Dexterity checks

to avoid rocks,

trees and other

obstacles.  The use of skis takes a great deal of

practice.  A character practising with skis for eight

hours a day for a period of one week will be able

to travel on snow as described above.  Those who

have not practised will suffer a 50% reduction to

their movement rate.  Skis may only be used on

snow or similar surfaces.

Skis:  6 gp per pair; 2 lb.

Snow Guards

These opaque goggles have a narrow, horizontal

slit cut out of the centre of each eye covering.  This

gives the wearer a 4 penalty on all Spot checks.

It also grants him a +4 circumstance bonus to any

save to resist being blinded by light-based effects,

or to resist snow-blindness.  Creating a pair of

snow guards requires a Craft (woodworking) skill

check (DC 15).

Snow Guards:  7 gp; 1 lb.

Snowshoes

Made of hard-wearing wood, these snowshoes

greatly increase the surface area of a characters

tread in arctic conditions, thus greatly improving

the ease of travel over snow.  A character wearing

snowshoes will only suffer

a 50% movement penalty

when travelling over deep

snow.

Snowshoes:  8 sp; 1 lb.

Sounding Drum

When surrounded by thick jungle or forest it

can be almost impossible to get information to

99

IN THE WILD

or co-ordinate the activities of several groups.

The sounding drum provides a solution to that.

Although not well suited to music

this three-foot-tall drum produces

a deep, resonating note that can

be heard from up to three miles

away.  Setting up the drum is a

full-round action; sounding it

requires another.

Sounding Drum:  20 gp; 10 lb.

Spyglass

Objects viewed through a spyglass are magnied

to twice their size.

Spyglass:  1,000 gp; 1 lb.

Strong Rations

Composed primarily of dried meat and fat, strong

rations are particularly useful in the cold of the far

north.  These extremely high-

energy trail rations provide

a +2 bonus to any saves to

resist the effects of exposure

to cold conditions, as they offset the bodys energy

expenditure to keep warm.

Strong Rations:  7 sp;  lb.

Swamp Dwellers Outt

A set of oilskin trousers, light

linen shirt, vest and knee-high

boots.  Sometimes the outt

comes with a carefully plaited

rope belt, suitable for holding up

ones trousers and for wrapping

around a nearby tree branch in

case of emergency.

Swamp Dwellers Outt:  10

gp; 5 lb.

Swamp Kit

A swamp kit contains everything that you might

need to survive in a swamp setting.  It includes

basic survival tools as well as key speciality items

that make swamp living

easier,  and insect

repellent.  Possession

of this kit gives you

a +2 bonus to your

Wilderness Lore skill

check to survive in a

swamp environment.  A

kit lasts for 10 days of continuous use.

Swamp Kit:  10 gp; 10 lb.

Swamp Kit, Masterwork

A masterwork swamp kit contains all of the same

materials as a swamp kit.  It provides the same

bonuses.  The advantages of a masterwork kit are

two-fold  it lasts for 20 days rather than 10 and

weighs 7 pounds rather than 10 pounds.

Swamp Kit, Masterwork:  50 gp; 7 lb.

Tent

This simple tent sleeps two Medium-size

characters.

Tent:  10 gp; 20 lb.

Thick Furs

These thick furs are usually made from the hides

of arctic mammals.  A character wearing thick

furs can survive in temperatures as low as a 0O

F without the need to roll for damage.  Once a

character reaches temperatures below 0O F, he must

make a Fortitude save every hour (DC 15, +1 per

previous check) or sustain 1d6 points of subdual

damage.  The character receives a +2 circumstance

bonus to his saving throw when wearing these furs.

Thick Furs:  35 gp; 5 lb.

Torch

A wooden rod capped with twisted ax soaked

in tallow or a similar item.  A torch clearly

illuminates a 20-foot radius and burns for one hour.

Torch:  1cp; 1 lb.

Tourniquet

Most adventurers know well how to deal with

injury, but many suffer slashing cuts that continue

to bleed and are beyond normal healing skills.  The

tourniquet is a simple strip of linen attached to a

wooden winding bar that, when

wrapped around an injured part

of the body, is tightened to stop

blood loss.  If a character suffers a

bleeding injury where he continues

to lose hit points, a tourniquet may be used in

conjunction with a Heal check (DC 10) to halt the

ow of blood.

Tourniquet:  2 cp.

100

Travellers Outt

Boots, a wool skirt or breeches, a sturdy belt, a

shirt (perhaps with a vest or jacket) and an ample

cloak with a hood.

Travellers Outt:  1 gp; 5 lb.

Travellers Stock

Travellers stock is an almost black paste made

of the highly concentrated renderings of various

animals and grains.

The stock can make

an excellent and

hearty soup assuming

that you can get a

re going and have

clean water to boil it

in.  When bought the stock has enough material to

make 10 days worth of soup.

Travellers Stock:  3 gp; 1 lb.

Travois

A travois consists of two wooden bars with a tarp

slung between them in a triangular shape.  The

narrow end of the travois has a strap that can be

attached to an animals shoulders or pulled across

a Medium-size creatures chest.  Cargo can be

loaded onto the canvas section of the travois.

Using a travois triples your carrying capacity, but

you will always move as if heavily encumbered.

Creating a travois requires a Craft (woodworking)

skill check (DC 10).

Travois:  5 gp; 15 lb.

IN THE WILD

Tree Net

This is a

toughened

hide attached

to a folding

framework

of thin wood

that, when opened and attached to suitable

branches, allows a character to sleep within a tree

without fear of falling out.  The advantages of

sleeping within trees while in the wilderness are

obvious, for many travellers have fallen prey to the

monstrous predators that stalk the land.

Tree Net:  14 gp, 2 lb.

Underground

Outt

This outt consists of

dark grey oilskin shirt and

trousers, with associated

vest, belt, gloves, heavy

boots and a close cap for

the head.  The entire suit

is covered with metal

loops for attaching ropes

to or hanging gear from.

Underground Outt:  10

gp; 5 lb.

Water Additive

This small vial of pure alcohol can be added to

pools of brackish water, thereby making them t

for human consumption.  Only one drop is required

for every half-pint of water.  The DC

of any required Fortitude save against

disease is halved.  Water additive only

works against diseases, not poisons.

Water Additive:  3 gp per vial.

Water Pack

This heavy pack consists of a tar-and-wax-sealed

leather waterskin attached to two straps.  It allows

its user to carry up to six

gallons of water and has a

fully loaded weight of 55

pounds.

Water Pack:  10 gp; 5 lb.

101

IN THE WILD

Water Trap

A water trap is comprised of several large, waxed

sheets of tarp as well as an eight-foot-square

wooden frame and a simple ceramic container.

Each night when the water trap is spread out it

collects dew and rolls it down into the container.

Every night the trap collects 1d4-1 daily rations of

water for man or beast.

Water Trap:  45 gp; 36 lb.

Well Straw

This ve-foot-long hollow reed is one of the ways

to drink water from the dry, sandy wells that

many desert tribes use.  The end of the straw is a

chisel-like point

with a carefully

constructed

stopper on one

side.  The entire

straw is driven

into the sandy well and the stoppers removed.

Brackish water slowly seeps into the tube,

eventually reaching the thirsty people and animals

above.

Well Straw:  10 gp; 5 lb.

Whale-Skin Suit

This thick leather suit

covers the entire body of

the wearer, barring his

hands, feet and face.  It is

fairly close tting, but lined

with thick whale blubber.

Although wearing the

suit inicts a 2 Dexterity

penalty, the wearer gains a

+4 bonus to any Fortitude

save to resist exposure

to cold.  Additionally, he

can remain exposed to

cold water for a number

of hours equal to his

Constitution bonus before

sustaining any subdual

damage.

Whale-Skin Suit:  50 gp; 20 lb.

Waterskin

A narrow-necked pouch, usually constructed from

an alchemically-treated goats stomach, that holds

up to half-a-gallon of liquid.

Waterskin:  1 gp.

Weather Gauge

Designed to combat the deadly

danger of shifting mountain weather,

the weather gauge is a small

alchemically-treated, white crystal

about the size of a thumbnail.  Just

before a storm occurs (30-2d10

minutes) the crystal turns dark grey.

Weather Gauge:  50 gp.

Web Net

This 5-foot by 5-foot woven net has sticky mounts

on the corners and in the centre.  These mounts

allow the web net to afx to any dry surface and

hold up to 50 pounds of materials.  Underground

explorers use these nets to provide temporary

storage in tight quarters, as well as to obscure the

openings of small chambers underground.

Web Net:  25 gp; 5 lb.

102

Knick-

Knacks of

the Little

Folk

Gnomish Ingenuity

Though often regarded with great suspicion by

other races, the complicated devices constructed

buy gnomes are technologically advanced and

often highly practical.  The wise adventurer will

know just when to take advantage of gnomish

ingenuity to help him out of a scrape, without

staking his life on such a device actually working

as required.  Many deaths have been caused by the

all-too-frequent failure of a gnomish built object

but it cannot be denied that they are effective when

in good working order.

Bouncing Boots

A pair of metal-reinforced

boots with multiple coils

and a ratchet-system

between a steel innersole

and a leather-bottomed

outer sole, bouncing

boots are guaranteed to

add a spring to anyones

step.  Using them requires

unlocking them by hand and jumping upwards to

prime them.  Six seconds after landing, the timed

ratchet releases and the coils unwind violently,

propelling the wearer 15 feet.  A successful

untrained Jump check (DC 10), or possessing one

or more ranks in the Jump skill, allows the wearer

to guide this sudden movement in any direction

desired; otherwise the jump occurs in a random

direction.  Colliding with a solid object larger than

the wearer during a jump results in 1d6 points of

damage.  When the user lands, he must spend his

next round relocking the boots.  Failure to do so

results in another 15-foot jump the next round.

Using bouncing boots counts as a move-equivalent

action.

Bouncing Boots:  75 gp; 3 lb.

KNICK-KNACKS OF THE LITTLE FOLK

Bumblefoot

A nightmarish

contraption consisting

of two, thick wooden

logs studded with

spikes and connected

by a coiling clockwork

spring, the bumblefoot

works by twisting the

two logs against each

other until the spring is wound tight and releasing

it down a hallway.  The bumblefoots spring

then uncoils violently, causing it to ricochet and

bounce wildly for a full minute.  As it rebounds

off virtually every surface and object in a ten foot

radius, it stands an excellent chance of setting off

traps and smashing open doors and containers.

The user of a bumblefoot rolls 2d20; any trap with

a Search DC lower than this value is activated

and any object with a lower break DC is damaged

enough to be easily opened.  Anyone in the 10-

foot radius around an active bumblefoot must

make a Reex save (DC 18) or take 2d6 piercing

damage and 2d6 bludgeoning damage.  Each

time a bumblefoot is used, it has a 25% chance of

destroying itself in the process.

Bumblefoot:  120 gp; 10 lb.

Clamp Hands

These heavy metal gauntlets have ratchets built

into them at each knuckle joint.  Once they close

around an object, only pressing the release bar

located along the back of the wrist will open them

again.  Normally, the wearer has to do this with

his chin, since clamp hands are usually worn in

pairs.  When used as part of a grapple, clamp

hands grant a +2 equipment bonus to all opposed

grapple checks.  If the wearers opponent ever

wins one of these opposed grapple checks by 10 or

more, the clamp hands have been ruined and must

be repaired at half their cost to be useful again.

Clamp hands also function

as locked gauntlets for all

intents and purposes.

There is a second form of

clamp hands; spiked clamp

hands.  These are covered

in dangerous spikes and,

while they cannot be used as locking gauntlets

because the barbs interfere with holding anything,

they deal 1d4 piercing damage each round the

wearer succeeds in a grapple check while using

103

KNICK-KNACKS OF THE LITTLE FOLK

them.  This damage is not optional; if the user is

taking advantage of the spiked clamp hands +2

bonus, they inict their damage automatically.

Clamp Hand:  15 gp each; functions as a gauntlet;

2 lb.

Clamp Hand, Spiked:  Unarmed Simple Weapon;

20 gp each; Dmg 1d4; Critical x2; Range ; 2 lb.;

Piercing.

False Weapons

These cunning forgeries are an example of the

gnomes sense of humour combined with their

expert craftsmanship.  False weapons are designed

to resemble masterwork weapons in every way

 until they are used in combat.  They use odd

mixes of alloys, exotic paints, unusual weighting,

etc., to create near-perfect forgeries.  It requires a

Craft (weaponsmith) check at DC 25 to detect the

false nature of these weapons.

The weapons will function as masterwork weapons

in combat for 1d4 rounds, after which time they

begin to rapidly deteriorate.  On the following

round they are reduced to normal weapons, a

change the wielder immediately notices.  If used

again, the weapon shatters on its target, dealing no

damage and becoming useless.

A false weapon costs half as much as a normal

weapon.  Traders who make a habit of passing off

false weapons as masterworks are often tossed

into gladiatorial arenas armed with their own

wares.  These weapons cannot hold enchantments

and any attempt to do so will be foiled during the

ceremony, costing the mage performing the rite

half the gold cost in materials and no XP.

False Weapon:  Original Weapon -50%; as

original weapon.

Goggles, Underwater

Featuring thick plates of clear glass held together

by leather straps, these are usually products of

gnomish craftsmen.  They have the positive effect

of improving visibility underwater, eliminating any

penalty to Search, Disable Device and other skill

checks requiring close work.  However, they also

magnify and refract, resulting in a 1 circumstance

penalty on all

attack rolls.

Goggles,

Underwater:  5gp;

1 lb.

104

Helmet, Lantern

It is an eternal problem for dungeon-delving

adventurer parties who are comprised almost

entirely of ghters and other combat-orientated

individuals  who holds the

lantern so the whole party can

see in lightless tunnels, when

everyone is holding both weapon

and shield?  The lantern helmet

is a deceptively simple device

that mounts a hooded lantern on

a somewhat precarious structure

above a characters head.  This can either be worn

directly on a naked head or be adjusted to perch

on top of an existing helm.  In all ways, the lantern

helmet functions as a hooded lantern.

Helmet, Lantern:  19 gp; 3 lb.

Helmet, Listening

A surprisingly simple device, the listening helmet

is nothing more than a metal cap combined with

two listening cones that rest near the wearers ears.

Many rogues are often

interested in purchasing

such helmets for they

allow an intruder to hear

the footsteps of a guard

before he comes around

an inopportune corner.  A listening helmet grants

its wearer a +1 circumstance bonus to all Listen

checks.  However, a 2 penalty is also applied to

all saving throws made against sonic effects, as the

amplied sound generated by the helmet can be

extremely damaging.

Listening Helmet:  75 gp; 1 lb.

Innite Book

Much more mundane than it sounds, the innite

book is a metal and wooden framework that

clamps onto one side of a stack of parchments.

The upper and lower edges of the frame attach

to hard plaques that serve as covers for the book

created by this parchment stack.  By pulling on

both ends of the frame, it can be opened and

additional parchments can be added or unnecessary

ones removed.  In this way, the arrangement of

pages could be considered

innite.  Extremely

well-crafted innite books

can even be used as spell

books, but the cost for

such craftsmanship is

commensurately high.

KNICK-KNACKS OF THE LITTLE FOLK

Innite Book:  20 gp; 1 lb.

Innite Spellbook:  300 gp; 2 lb.

Many-Lens Mask

Gnomes often perform highly precise work, such

as gemcutting and mechanical construction.  While

their natural senses are quite impressive, extremely

ne detail can be difcult to accomplish without

a little help.  That is where the many-lens mask

comes in.  With several

discs of shaped crystal,

some sheathed in small

tubes of bronze, the mask

grants a variably-enhanced

ability to see either close

objects in greater detail

or distant objects more

clearly.  The lenses all twist away from the masks

eyeholes to allow unaltered vision when they are

not needed.

A many-lens mask grants a +1, +2 or +3 bonus

to Search, Spot, Disable Device and Open Lock

checks.  The user determines the level of the bonus

desired each time the lens is used.  Changing or

relinquishing the bonus entirely is a full-round

action that provokes an attack of opportunity.

While the mask is providing a bonus, the users

Initiative and attack rolls are penalised by the same

amount because of the altered vision the mask

provides.

A special extending lens can be added to the

many-lens mask.  This telescoping piece allows

far greater distance vision than the mask normally

grants.  Among other creative applications, this

special lens lets the wearer ignore the rst range

increment penalty when using a ranged attack.

Many-Lens Mask:  350 gp; 1 lb.

Many-Lens Mask with Extending Lens:  450 gp;

1 lb.

Mechanical Log

Whilst most ships have to make do with a crude

system of ropes and knots to keep track of their

overall speed, those with a mechanical log can do

so with much greater accuracy.  The log is shaped

like a short, fat spear,

with ns designed to

rotate as water passes

over them.  The log is

towed by ropes behind

the ship and allowed to

skim through the water.

105

When pulled back on board, dials down its length,

connected to the rotating ns, allow a navigator to

see exactly how fast he has been travelling.  The

use of a mechanical log grants a +1 circumstance

bonus on all Navigation checks made at sea.

Mechanical Log:  750 gp; 12 lb.

Rob Fob

Similar in construction to the rope cranker, the rob

fob is a much smaller version and can be worn as

part of an arm rig.  Normally built into a concealed

bracer, the only part of this device that is visible

is a dangling charm worn

at the wrist.  The rob fob is

used by passing the charm

over a desired object, snaring

it on one of the fobs hidden

hooks.  Then, a thin cable extends as the wearer

walks away, connecting the bracer to the charm by

up to thirty feet.  The crank and pulley built into

the device can reel in up to 20 pounds, taking only

one round to do so even from its maximum length.

Using the rob fob allows a skilled thief to Pick

Pockets with a +2 equipment bonus, but the user

must have at least 4 ranks in the skill to make use

of it in this manner.

Rob Fob:  280 gp; 3 lb.

Rope Cranker

The rope cranker is a useful tool for adventuring

and mundane work alike.  Resembling a block

and tackle combined with

a small, hinged, animal

trap on one end of a geared

pulley, the rope cranker

can be set to only allow its

rope to move one direction.

This, combined with a

well-built crank attached to

the block, allows the user

to raise or lower anything the rope is secured to

with relative ease and speed.  In instances when

the rope cranker could be put to use, it adds a +2

equipment bonus to Climb and Use Rope checks

and increases movement speed (if applicable) by

ve feet per round.

Rope Cranker:  25 gp; 2 lb.

Shield, Buzzshield

The buzzshield is an example of what happens

when the ingenuity of the gnomes is applied to

Master may determine that certain situations can

disrupt the southnders effectiveness, such as

magnetic ore in surrounding rocks or being on

other planes of existence.

Southnder:  100 gp.

Swift Feet

Essentially wheeled boots, swift feet can be used

to move very quickly when worn by someone

skilled in their use.  When worn by someone

unskilled in their use, swift feet can be a ticket

to disaster.  Made by gnomes frustrated by their

inability to keep stride with taller companions,

these cunningly-made boots incorporate sturdy

metal wheels mounted on well-oiled axles to a

steel-soled tall boot.  Reinforcement around the

foot and lower leg keeps the wearer from twisting

his ankles out of joint or breaking any bones when

using the swift feet.

At least, that is the theory.  In practice, a wearer

can add +20 feet to his land movement speed

over smooth terrain, but if he does not possess the

Exotic Device (swift feet) feat, each rounds use

requires a Reex save (DC 16) to avoid falling and

taking a point of subdual damage.  If the saving

throw was a natural one, he will actually injure

himself for 1d6 real bludgeoning damage.  While

wearing swift feet, the user is at -6 to all Tumble

checks.

Creative Games Masters are encouraged to apply

other penalties to unskilled users of swift feet,

especially if stairs or uneven terrain is involved.

Swift Feet:  200 gp per pair; 4 lb.

KNICK-KNACKS OF THE LITTLE FOLK

the art of war.  It is the size

of a small steel shield and

anyone who is procient with

shields can use one as a shield

without penalty.  If the wielder

also has Exotic Weapon

Prociency (buzzshield),

however, it is something more.

The shield contains a powerful spring, a complex

gearing mechanism and a series of retractable

metal teeth.  When wound up (a full round action

that provokes an attack of opportunity) it becomes

a lethal weapon, all the while still functioning as a

shield.  It can be used as an off-hand weapon and

is considered to be a light weapon for purposes

of determining the penalties for ghting with two

weapons (see Core Rulebook I).  The buzzshield

remains wound for 1d4+4 rounds and it deals 1d6

points of slashing damage on a successful hit.  It

has a critical multiplier of x3.

The mechanism is robust, as it is designed for

war, but it is not indestructible.  After 25 rounds

of use, the mechanism will need maintenance.

Maintaining a buzzshield requires a Craft

(weaponsmith) check at DC 20 and 10 minutes

of work.  Gnomes gain a +4 racial bonus to this

check and can perform the work in half the time.

If the shield is used without maintenance, it ceases

to function as anything but a small shield until

repaired.

Shield, Buzzshield:  Small Exotic Weapon; 50 gp;

Dmg 1d6; Critical x3; Range ; Slashing; AC +1;

Max Dex ; Check -1; SF 10%; Spd ; 10 lb.

Southnder

This is a fairly simple device, a glass sphere with

a cork hemisphere suspended on a small amount

of water within.  The cork has a magnetised needle

embedded on its at side.  Invented by a gnome

always unsure how to nd his way to the south side

of his home town, it came as a

great surprise to him that others

would nd it a useful way to

determine which way north is.

The southnder, as he called it,

allows anyone to discover which

way north is without resorting

to an Intuit Direction check.  In

the hands of someone with four or more ranks

in Intuit Direction, the absolute surety of norths

direction grants them a +2 equipment bonus when

attempting any other use of the skill.  The Games

106

New Feat:  Exotic Device (swift feet)

(General)

You have taken the time to learn how not to

kill yourself when using gnomish swift feet.  In

addition, you know how to get even more speed

out of them and can even do some interesting

tricks while wearing these odd contraptions.

Prerequisites:  Dexterity 12+.

Benet:  You do not have to make Reex saving

throws when using swift feet, nor do you suffer the

6 penalty to Tumble checks from wearing them.

You gain an additional +5 feet per round, but only

if the terrain is smooth enough for them to be of

use.  Even on uneven terrain, you get +10 feet per

round unless the ground is considered too rough

for any use of swift feet at all.  In addition, if you

can benet from the full +25 feet per round of

swift feet movement, you gain a +1 to your attack

and damage rolls when making a charge attack.

This requires your entire movement that round to

be in a straight line.

Swimming Gear

Another gnomish invention, swimming gear

consists of webbed paddles that t over the feet

and webbed gloves for

the hands, all made

of the highest quality

leather treated with

sailors wax during

the tanning process.

These treatments make

the gear permanently

waterproof.  Swimming gear grants a +2

circumstance bonus on Swim checks.  However,

the movement speed of a character wearing the

paddles on land is halved and Disable Device,

Open Lock and Pick Pocket checks suffer a 2

circumstance penalty if the character is wearing

the webbed gloves.

Swimming Gear:  100 gp; 2 lb.

Sword, Pressured Powered

A strange weapon that has gained much notoriety

among those willing to subject themselves to

gnomish technology, this sword has three blades

jutting straight out from an over-sized hilt.  The

gnomish version is of short sword size, with the

outer two blades being detachable from the hilt.

The hilt itself has a lever that is cranked up to

build pressure within a strong air reservoir so that,

when activated, each of the outer blades may be

red a short distance, often surprising enemies.

KNICK-KNACKS OF THE LITTLE FOLK

Though an extremely

heavy and expensive

weapon, the pressured

powered sword can

provide an adventurer

with a vital edge in

battle without having

to resort to magic.

The sword gains a +1

bonus to damage for

every outer blade still

attached (so if neither

have been red, a +2

bonus to damage is

granted).  It takes a

full minute to reattach one outer blade and pump

its air reservoir back up to the level needed to

shoot it once again.  The gnomes also manufacture

a greatsword version of this weapon at great prot,

for use by the big folk.

Greatsword, Pressured Powered:  Large Exotic

Weapon; 1,950 gp; Dmg 2d6; Critical x2; Range

10 ft.;  30 lb.; Slashing/Piercing.

Short Sword, Pressured Powered:  Small Exotic

Weapon; 850 gp; Dmg 1d6; Critical x2; Range 10

ft.;  6 lb.; Piercing.

Halfling Comforts

While not generally thought of as innovators,

halings culturally have a deep and abiding love

for creature comforts and the good life.  Many of

the special items created by halings are centred

around food, shelter and providing the benets of

home while travelling.  Halings can be just as

ingenious as gnomes or other folk and while they

may not have a reputation for inventions, they

are perfectly capable of crafting useful items.  A

cleverly-turned pipe, an extremely well-made

stove or wonderfully comfortable bedrolls are all

examples of ne haling craftsmanship.

The other, somewhat less common example of

haling inventiveness focuses on the other aspect

of their culture  thievery.  While most halings

would take offence at the mention of this racial

stereotype, those who embody it have created a

few interesting devices to aid them in what they do

best.

Expert Thieves Tools

Some work requires tiny hands to do best.  These

nely-crafted tools are perfectly suited for a

Small rogue to use, capable of more exacting

107

KNICK-KNACKS OF THE LITTLE FOLK

and effective work than

similar tools made for larger

users.  When used by a Small

creature, expert thieves tools

grant a +2 equipment bonus

to Open Locks and Disable

Device checks.  This bonus

does not stack with any other

bonus granted by thieves tools

of any kind; the tool set must

be used in its entirety or not at all, as its pieces

are not compatible with any other type.  Medium-

size users do not benet from the bonus, instead

suffering a -2 equipment penalty because of the

diminutive size of the tools.

Expert Thieves Tools:  120 gp; 1 lb.

Haling Harness

This leather vest, complete with shoulder and hip

belts, has several clips and buckles for attaching

objects.  Its most common use is allowing its

wearer to hang suspended from a rope while

engaged in any number of larcenous activities.

With places to keep tools, multiple silenced

pockets of specialised shapes and sizes and

sections of hard, shaped leather for protection over

vital areas, the haling harness is of great utility

to its wearer.  The wearer of a harness enjoys a

+1 equipment bonus to Climb (stacks with other

non-clothing related equipment

bonuses) and Move Silently

checks, as well as the protection

of masterwork leather armour.

Its only real drawback is its

rarity; each suit must be tailor-

tted to provide full usefulness

while not impeding movement.

This means a higher cost and

requires a masterful leather

crafter to make the harness in

the rst place.  A Games Master may determine

that haling harnesses are not available in some

areas or that acquiring one will require a Gather

Information Check to locate an appropriate source.

Haling Harness:  Light Armour; 500 gp; AC +2;

Max Dex +6; Check ; SF 10%; Spd 30 ft./20 ft.;

8 lb.

Hearthdown Bedroll

With a cloth shell of quilted wool and several

plush sections along its underside for comfort,

this down-stuffed bedroll is the epitome of a good

108

nights sleep.  Buttons running along one side

and the top allow the person sleeping inside to

close the bedroll completely if desired.  In warm

conditions, the roll is normally left open.  On cold

nights, the hearthdown bedroll earns its name,

keeping the sleeper as warm as if they were resting

beside a blazing hearth.  This warmth and the

comfort provided by the rolls construction grants

a +1 equipment bonus (which stacks with other

equipment bonuses) to Wilderness Lore checks

made for survival.

Hearthdown Bedroll, Small:  10 gp; 2 lb.

Hearthdown Bedroll, Medium-size:  20 gp; 3 lb.

Portable Stove

When closed and packed up for transport in the

included leather harness, a portable stove is a clay

sphere a foot wide.  The portable stove contains

all of the utensils and equipment needed to cook a

wide range of meals, including a heating surface

for the included pot, a grilling rack and a small

griddle.  Using the stove involves opening it and

attaching the halves together in an hourglass shape.

The upper bowl holds coals that

can be ignited with a int and

steel striker, while the lower bowl

has small venting holes that help

circulate air around the stove

and keep it from shattering from

the heat.  A portable stove holds

enough materials for one weeks

worth of repeated cooking; its supplies can be

replenished easily in any normal town for the cost

listed below.

Portable Stove:  40 gp; 2 lb.

Portable Stove Supplies:  3 gp per week; 1 lb.

Secured Spice Rack

A four-section wooden rack with cunningly hidden

hinges connecting each piece, this spice rack holds

six glass spice bottles per reinforced section and

folds closed to protect its contents behind sliding

plates of tin.  A simple brass button lock keeps the

entirety from opening accidentally during travel.

Anything of appropriate size

carried in this spice rack, including

potions, receives a +2 equipment

bonus to any saving throws it

has to make against spoilage or

breaking.  The complexities of

getting anything out of the closed

and locked rack makes doing so a

full-round action.

Secured Spice Rack:  30 gp empty, 50 gp full; 1

lb. empty, 2 lb. full.

Tool-Pipe

To all external appearances a normal soapstone

or meerschaum pipe with a thick wooden stem,

the tool-pipe conceals its true purpose; its stem

contains a tiny but complete set of thieves tools.

The size of the tools does limit their effectiveness

somewhat, imposing a -2 equipment penalty to any

Open Locks or Disable Device check made using

them, but when the pipe is closed it

takes an intentional Search check (DC

25) to see it for anything other than a

simple smoking item.

A masterwork version of the tool-

pipe exists.  The tools included are

of exquisite quality and while their size still

limits them, their ne workmanship negates their

disadvantages and allows for Open Locks and

Disable Device checks without a penalty.

Tool-Pipe:  50 gp;  lb.

Tool-Pipe, Masterwork:  100 gp;  lb.

KNICK-KNACKS OF THE LITTLE FOLK

Whistle-pipe

A speciality musical instrument, the

whistle-pipe is a favourite of some

haling bards because of the visual

effects a musician skilled in its use

can create.  The whistle-pipe is a

functional pipe, artistically created in a variety of

shapes that always incorporate tiny holes down the

long stem.  To use a whistle-pipe as an instrument

requires that one rank of Perform be dedicated to

it.  When played by someone with the skill to use

it, the whistle-pipe emits tiny streamers of smoke

through its holes.  In the hands of a master (a

character possessing 10 or more ranks in Perform),

these streamers can even be shaped through breath

and musical vibrations to accompany the tune

being played on the pipe.

Whistle-Pipe:  15 gp;  lb.

Woollen Dome Tent

Made of shaped, curving wicker supports and

skilfully sewn sheets of woollen cloth, the

haling dome tent is made so spaciously that even

Medium-size creatures can use one in perfect

comfort.  Well-placed venting windows that

can be tied shut ensure that air ow is never a

problem, keeping the tent comfortable in hot and

cold climates.  While the tent is not watertight or

stain resistant, the cloth is easily detached from

the wicker poles and can be washed and dried

with ease.  Setting up or taking down the tent

takes two minutes per person capacity and, when

collapsed, it ts entirely within a backpack.  Using

a woollen dome tent grants a +1 equipment bonus

to Wilderness Lore checks made for survival.

Woollen Dome Tent, Four-

Person:  65 gp; 9 lb.

Woollen Dome Tent, One-

Person:  35 gp; 5 lb.

Woollen Dome Tent, Two-

Person:  45 gp; 7 lb.

109

PSYCHIC MASTERY

Psychic

Mastery

The most important tools of any psion or

psychic warrior are their mind and body 

but these are not the only things they will

need to survive.  Items that enhance natural psionic

capabilities and increase raw mental potential are

necessary, though these must often be tailored

to a characters own special needs.  This chapter

contains many new equipment choices for psychic

warriors and psions, along with new tools for

increasing psychic power points and amplifying

mental fortitude.

A considerable number of items that have the

greatest potential for use by a psionic are made

of crystal.  This is because of the resonance that

crystal is capable of storing; mental abilities

generate vibrations that are integral to their

operation.  Metal is too rigid to vibrate with the

proper frequency to truly hold these patterns, while

softer goods are usually too exible to be used at

all.  Crystal is both durable and versatile, accepting

whatever mental vibrations the psion or psychic

warrior requires of them while enduring the

hardships that a life of adventure often entails.

Aurasilk

A special

form of silk

woven from

silkworms

psychically

awakened by

use of subtle

telepathy, this

cloth behaves

normally

when worn

by non-active creatures.  When garments of

aurasilk are worn by psionic beings, they shift

hue and pattern in response to the wearers mental

state.  With practice, a psion or psychic warrior

can control these changes; turning a single aurasilk

robe into an innite wardrobe of colours, lights

and designs.

Aurasilk:  100 gp per yard; 1 lb.

Crystal Foci

Crystal foci come in a variety of

shapes and sizes.  From triangular

pieces as small as a nger to large

globes requiring both hands to

hold, these focusing stones are used

by psionic creatures to intensify

power manifestations.  Using crystal foci doubles

the manifestation time of a power but raises its

effective level by one for all level-variable effects.

Crystal Foci:  450 gp; Weight Varies.

Dorje, Simple

A short, crystalline rod

with a handle wrapped in

leather or silk cord, simple

dorjes are used by psychic

creatures to guide their

combat manifestations

more effectively.  When a

psionic power requiring a

ranged or melee attack is used in conjunction with

a simple dorje, it gains a +1 circumstance bonus to

the roll.

Dorje, Simple:  500 gp; 2 lb.

Eskelion

Complex patterns drawn

into a small metal or,

more often, crystal disc,

eskelions are meditation

devices.  Psions and

psychic warriors stare

into their complex depths

while using their special skills, gaining a greater

awareness while doing so.  Eskelions grant a +1

insight bonus to Autohypnosis, Remote View and

Use Psionic Device.

Eskelion:  350 gp.

Ephemeryl

Ephemeryl is a form of pale,

milky crystal specically

created to be a perfect

conduit for psionic energy.

Many psionic items are

crafted from ephemeryl,

especially weapons, dorjes and power stones.

When in physical contact with a psionically-active

being, ephemeryl glows softly and generates a low,

steady vibration.  Capable of holding an extremely

110

sharp edge and resisting considerable impact,

anything made from ephemeryl is considered

masterwork.

Ephemeryl:  650 gp; 1 lb.

Finger

Board

Used primarily by

psychic warriors,

nger boards are

rounded pieces of wood with striking surfaces for

practicing extended strikes and toughening the

ngers and hands.  Psychic warriors use nger

boards to help them attune their powers to their

bodies.  In an emergency, a nger board can be

cast as a throwing axe at a -2 to the attack roll,

inicting bludgeoning damage.

PSYCHIC MASTERY

power points.  Failure costs one power point from

the strain of forced meditation.

Mat, Meditation:  90 gp; 2 lb.

Mat, Sleeping

Most psions and

psychic warriors

lead almost

monastic lives in

their pursuit of

mental perfection.

While they do not

allow themselves many luxuries, a restful nights

sleep is vital to their health.  Sleeping mats grant

just enough comfort to allow a psionic to sleep,

while not being too soft for him to lose focus.

When sleeping on a mat of this sort, a psionic

creature only needs six hours of rest.

Finger Board:  50 gp; 1 lb.

Mat, Sleeping:  150 gp.

Headband,

Power Stone

An ornate strip of leather

or chain-link made to

t tightly around the

forehead, a headband of

this sort has three ttings in it that securely hold

power stones.  Someone wearing a power stone

headband can use one of the stone it contains as a

free action.  This can only be done once per round

and the power in the stone must be one that takes

only one action to manifest.

Headband, Power Stone:  200 gp; 1 lb.

Mat, Meditation

A three-foot wide-square of soft, woven material,

a meditation mat is used by psions and psychic

warriors to still their minds and attempt to recover

their mental energies.  Using a meditation mat

takes one hour and a Concentration check (DC

20 + (2 x the number of recovered power points

attempted)).  One check may be made per day,

with success recovering the chosen number of

Quicksilver Storage Batteries

These powerful vats of mercury are used to

contain the very largest amounts of psionic energy

and enable psionic cannibals to draw upon vast

reserves of power.  The batteries are lead vats

lined with a lattice of copper wires and lled with

mercury.  When lled with psionic energy, the

mercury roils and seethes within the vat, its surface

shot through with miniature bolts of lightning

and crystalline sparks.  Though very expensive,

quicksilver storage batteries have the advantage

of being attuned to a single psychic warrior and

being useful at distance.  Though the batteries may

remain in the cannibals lair, he can draw upon

their power.

For every psionic power point a battery holds,

it costs 500 gp and there is no upper limit for

the number of power points a battery can hold.

Batteries do not degrade like crystals, but each

time they are drained and relled with psionic

energy, the mercury must be replaced at a cost of

100 gp per psionic power point.  A battery contains

one gallon of mercury for every 10 power points

it may contain.  Like raw crystals and gemstones,

batteries can only hold psionic energy that has

been extracted via cannibalism.

To remove energy from the battery, a psychic

warrior can either dunk his hand into the pool

and extract one power point for every level he

possesses of a psionic-capable character or

prestige class, or, provided he is within one mile

111

PSYCHIC MASTERY

of the battery, attempt to draw the energy directly

from the battery into himself, psychically.  This

requires a Use Psionic Device check (DC 10) and

the psionic cannibal may extract up to a number

of psionic power points equal to the amount by

which he succeeded.  This energy must be used in

the same round it is extracted and the extraction

process is considered a free action.

Quicksilver Storage Battery:  500 gp per power

point; 1,000 lb.

Quicksilver:  1,000 gp per gallon; 30 lb.

Rations, Mindmeal

Psionics have very special metabolic needs.  Their

bodies must constantly endure the stresses of their

hyperactive minds and as such, normal foods do

not usually provide all of the nourishment they

need.  Mindmeal rations are prepared with psionics

in mind, replenishing

them like few other

foods can.  A mindmeal

ration, when eaten,

restores 1 power point

instantly.  A creature

may only benet from

two mindmeal rations

per day.

Rations, Mindmeal:  25 gp per meal;  lb.

Staff, Psionic

While not a psionic item per se, a psionic staff is

a crystal or wooden walking staff with an open

section near its upper end for a psicrystal to rest in.

When a psicrystal is seated in the staff, it acts a +1

weapon for all intents and purposes.  In this form,

a psionic staff detects as an active power but not as

a magical item.

Staff, Psionic:  500 gp; 4 lb.

Psionically Active

Materials

While crystals are well-known for their psychic

properties, there are other materials in wide use

by psychic warriors, primarily for weapons and

armour.  Crystals, despite their natural capacity for

storing and refracting psionic energy, are difcult

112

to work with and can be extremely difcult to

nd in sufcient quantities to create armour

or weapons.  Over the years, psychic warriors

have created their own alloys and amalgams,

materials that are both more readily available

and more generally useful than crystals.  Several

of these materials are presented here, along with

information on their creation and use in creating

different weapons and items favoured by psychic

warriors.

Glyss

Originally discovered during an accident in a

gnomish alchemists lab, this glass-like material

is infused with gases created by vaporising

copper.  The result was a exible, translucent

material that holds an extremely sharp edge and is

terribly brittle.  Though the original substance was

discounted as useless by the gnome in question,

it was revisited some years later when the same

gnome entered into negotiations with some planar

travellers and their psionic companions.  A few

experiments determined that the material was able

to use psionic power to increase its own durability

and the stuff quickly gained popularity in creating

weapons for use by psychic warriors.

Though glyss is relatively simple to craft, it is

generally only found in areas where psionic

creatures live or work.  Psionic alchemists make a

tidy prot from creating this material for psionic

weapon- and armoursmiths to work into suitable

equipment and traders who carry it to distant

psionic settlements can expect high prots.

The advantage glyss armour has over other armour

types is its ability to provide additional deection

bonuses when worn by a psychic warrior.  Each

round, the psychic warrior can channel up to his

current psychic warrior level-worth of psionic

power points into his glyss armour as a free action.

Every two points channelled in this way provides a

cumulative +1 deection bonus for that round only,

with a maximum +10 deection bonus.

Glyss shields function exactly as a suit of glyss

armour, but a shield and suit of armour may not

be worn by the same character as the two interfere

with one another.

Bladed weapons created from glyss have one-

half the weight of normal weapons of their type.

Like glyss armour, these weapons can be used to

channel psionic power points to provide greater-

than-normal effects.  As a free action, the psychic

warrior may channel up to his psychic warrior

level in power points into the weapon at the

beginning of each round.  For every two points

channelled into the weapon in this way, the psychic

warrior gains a +1 natural bonus to all damage

rolls made during the round, with a maximum

bonus of +5.

Weapons or armour crafted from glyss are treated

as masterwork items with regard to creation times,

but the masterwork quality does not provide an

enhancement bonus to weapons or adjust the

armour check penalty of armour or shields.  Note

that armour worn by a non-psionic character will

shatter the rst time it is struck in combat and

glyss weapons wielded by those without psionic

powers are destroyed the rst time they are used

in combat.  The lack of psionic energy makes the

items very brittle and useless to those without

psychic powers.

Armour, Heavy, Glyss: +9,000 gp; Weight -50%.*

Armour, Light, Glyss: +2,000 gp; Weight +25%.*

Armour, Medium, Glyss: +4,000 gp;

Weight 25%.*

Buckler, Glyss:  2,165 gp; AC +1; Max Dex ;

Check 1; SF 5%; 3 lb.*

Shield, Large, Glyss:  8,170 gp; AC +2; Max Dex

; Check -2; SF 15%; 11 lb.*

Shield, Small, Glyss:  4,159 gp; AC +1; Max Dex

; Check -1; SF 5%; 4 lb.*

Weapon, Glyss (1d4 or 1d6):  +3,000 gp;

Weight -50%.*

Weapon, Glyss (1d8, 1d10 or 1d12):  +10,000 gp;

Weight -50%.*

Glyss weighs less than most metals but is

considerably heavier than leather or other exible

PSYCHIC MASTERY

materials used in crafting armour.  Because of this,

light armour made from glyss actually weighs

more than normal, while heavier armour, shields

and weapons, weigh less than similar items

constructed from other materials.

Crafting Glyss

To create enough glyss for a suit of armour, a

shield or a weapon requires raw materials (pure

sand, alchemical reagents and raw copper) equal

in value to one-third the market price modier for

the item in question (see table above).  Creating

the glyss itself requires one day per 1,000 gp of

the nal market price modier as noted in the table

above and a successful Alchemy skill check (DC

20).  If the check, made at the end of the required

time period, succeeds then the alchemist has

created the necessary amount of glyss.

Crystalweave

Small and inferior crystals can be woven into a

copper lattice in order to create a lightweight wire

that can be wrapped around the head, arms, legs

or torso of a psychic warrior in order to augment

the siphoning of energy from his chakras.  Though

the crystalweave is time-consuming to craft, it can

be very useful for the psychic warrior, allowing

him to manifest powers much more forcefully than

would otherwise be possible.

Crystalweave can be worn in any one of the

following locations: arm, leg, torso, neck, or head.

The wires of the weave need only be coiled around

the limb in a fairly even distribution for them to

provide the benets noted above.  Attempts to

wear crystalweave in more than one location are

doomed to failure  the various matrices formed

cancel each other out, rendering the weave useless.

Related Powers

Intelligence and Dexterity

Wisdom and Constitution

Dexterity and Charisma

Strength and Charisma

Strength and Dexterity

Crystalweave

Location Worn

Head

Neck

Torso

Arm

Leg

The bonus applies to either of the powers related to the abilities tied to the location in which the

crystalweave is worn.  The +1 manifester level applies to all level-dependent effects of any related power

manifested while the crystalweave is worn.

*Note that crystalweave cannot be purchased, but must be crafted by the individual who wears it.  This cost

is used for purposes of determining the value of the required raw materials and the time needed to create the

item, as per the Craft skill description in Core Rulebook I.  Crafting crystalweave uses the Craft (jewellery)

skill.

Bonus*

+1 Manifester Level

+1 Manifester Level

+1 Manifester Level

+1 Manifester Level

+1 Manifester Level

Cost**

15,000 gp

15,000 gp

15,000 gp

15,000 gp

15,000 gp

113

PSYCHIC MASTERY

Psisteel

Armour

Psisteel is a

form of crystal-

imbedded metal

forged by means

of whitere and

shaped through

telekinetic

manipulation by

master psionic

smiths.  While

psisteel is not necessarily superior in hardness

or resilience to normal ne steel, it does have a

distinct advantage when used by someone with

psionic abilities.  Psisteel armour draws upon the

wearers powers, generating a eld of energy that

resists damage.  This is treated as DR 3/, affecting

both the wearer and the armour itself.  If the

wearer is temporarily out of power points, psisteel

armour does not confer any special properties.

Armour, Heavy, Psisteel;  +10,000 gp.

Armour, Light, Psisteel;  +5,000 gp.

Armour, Medium, Psisteel;  +2,000 gp.

Psisteel Shield

Psisteel shields generate much the same sort of

eld that psisteel armour does, but because it

only exists in a single arc and does not encase the

wearers body, it manifests in a different manner.

The bearer of a psisteel shield benets from

fortication, just as the special armour quality

of the same name listed in the Core Rulebook II.

This does not stack with said quality and does not

function against psionic powers or weapons as

these tend to disrupt the defensive eld.

Buckler, Psisteel:  2,165 gp; AC +1; Max Dex ;

Check -1; SF 5%; 5 lb.

Shield, Large, Psisteel:  20,170 gp; AC +2; Max

Dex ; Check -2; SF 15%; 15 lb.

Shield, Small, Psisteel:  8,159 gp; AC +1; Max

Dex ; Check -1; SF 5%; 6 lb.

Psisteel Weapon

A psisteel weapon vibrates with the energies of

the wielder, creating a eld around itself that

strengthens it and adds a powerful psychic force

when it is used in combat.  Psisteel weapons only

take half the damage generated during a Sunder

attempt and are considered keen regardless of

damage type.

Psisteel Weapon:  +2,000 gp.

Psychoactive

Substances

The psychic warrior lives and dies by the powers

of his mind.  This dependence on his abilities

pushes psychic warriors to seek out ways to

articially increase their reserves of power and

psychoactive substances are by far the simplest

method available.  Though ingesting these

substances is extremely dangerous, many psychic

warriors nd they need the competitive edge these

deadly substances offer.  A few predatory psionics

even go so far as to create and distribute the

substances, mixing them with all manner of ller

and dangerous toxins in an effort to create more

addictive psychoactives that can be sold for greater

prots to their customers.  It should be noted that

all of the substances presented in this chapter are

extremely detrimental to the health of the user and

characters should think hard before seeking the

easy path to power.

Types of Psychoactive Substances

There are many psychoactive substances available

in fantasy worlds, but all fall into three, very broad

categories:



Natural substances are those which can

be found occurring in the wild and which need

little preparation.  A leaf which can be eaten, a

nut which can be dried and stuffed into a pipe, or

a sap that can be licked from a wound in the side

of a tree are all examples of natural psychoactive

substances.  This type of substance tends to be of

fairly low impact, providing a small benet and

creating a relatively small health hazard for the

user.

Substances which require more



preparation or which are only found when various

other substances are combined are known as

manufactured psychoactives.  Any substance

which requires extensive brewing techniques,

alchemical processing, or the addition of other

elements in order to unleash its benecial

properties is considered manufactured.

The last common type of substance and



the type with the greatest benets and drawbacks,

is the supernatural substance.  This type of

substance only exists because of the effects of

magic or psionic abilities on the natural world.

Most often substances of this type are extracted

from the bodies of psionically-endowed creatures

114

and are inadvertently tapped by the cruder sorts

of psionic cannibals.  Supernatural substances

have all manner of drawbacks and, despite their

enormous potential benets, are the most likely to

simply end the life of a psionic who uses them.

The categorisations above are used as a shorthand

method for determining different aspects of a

psychoactive substance and are used throughout

the rest of this chapter.

Use, Addiction and Saturation

Any creatures which choose to use psychoactive

substances must be prepared to suffer the

consequences of their actions.  While the

occasional use of these substances may not have

any long-term effects on the creature in question,

there is always the chance of unintended side-

effects up to and including death.  Each of the

psychoactive substances listed later in this section

has three different effects when consumed, based

on the current state of the user.

A user of the substance is one who is not yet

addicted to the substance.  While he may be on

the road to addiction, he does not need to have the

substance at this point and may take it or leave it

as he wishes.  The benets provided to this type

of user tend to be the largest, but this stage of use

lasts for the shortest period of time.  Users proceed

very quickly to addicts if they are not exceptionally

careful.

Addicts have no control over their use  they must

have the substance a particular number of times

each day or they risk suffering withdrawal.  An

addict still receives some benet from the use of

the psychoactive substance, but it is somewhat

diminished from what he received the rst few

times the substance was ingested.  In addition,

the amount of substance required to achieve the

desired effect becomes greater as the psychic

warrior builds up a tolerance to the substance in

question.

The nal stage of a living psychoactive user is

saturated.  Users at this stage receive no benet

from consuming a substance but go through hellish

withdrawal if they stop ingesting it.  Recovery

from this stage of use is very difcult and few

users of psychoactives manage to haul themselves

back from the brink of death once they reach this

stage.  When a user becomes saturated, he suffers

the hangover effects of the substance, 24 hours a

day.  If he does not ingest the substance at least

PSYCHIC MASTERY

once per day, then he suffers the penalty effects

and the hangover effects of the substance until he

does ingest the substance, at which point he returns

to once again suffering only the hangover effects.

There is a distinct passage from one stage of

substance use to the next.  Users become addicts

who, in turn, become saturated.  Though the

lengths of each stage may change, any user who

habitually ingests a psychoactive substance will,

eventually, make his way through the entire chain.

Be warned and be wary  trading long-term health

and well-being for short-term power is always a

losing proposition.

The Psychoactives

The following is a list of different psychoactive

substances and their effects on the user.  These

psychoactives are described in the following

format:

Name:  The name of the substance in question.

The proper name for the substance is given rst,

followed by the name commonly used to refer to

the substance.

Type:  All of the substances are either natural,

manufactured or supernatural, as dened above.

Availability:  A general description of how easy

or difcult it is to locate a substance, where

it naturally occurs and other information on

obtaining the substance can be found in this

section.

Dosage:  The amount of the substance which must

be consumed for any effect, positive or negative, to

manifest.

Price:  This price is the average for an area with

regular access to the substance.  In areas where

the substance is hard to come by, or where it is

considered illegal, the price could be as much as

500% higher than this listed price.

Preparation:  The steps and any required skill

checks needed to prepare the substance for use.

Ingestion:  The method by which the substance is

ingested is covered in this section.

Base Save DC:  This indicates the type of save

allowed and the base DC for that save, each time

the substance is ingested.  After the rst use of

this substance, this DC increases by 1 each time

115

PSYCHIC MASTERY

the substance is ingested.  If the substance is not

ingested for thirty or more days, the Save DC of

the next ingestion reverts to the Base Save DC.

The user has successfully purged his body of the

substances residue and is considered a new user

 until he starts ingesting the stuff on a regular

basis again, that is.  If a user ever fails the Save

when using the substance, he immediately moves

into the next stage of the addiction cycle, as noted

above.

Preparation:  Crystalline serum requires no

preparation time, but is most often decanted from

where it coagulates into tiny containers for easy

distribution.

Ingestion:  The user places a drop of the serum

under the lower eyelid of either eye.  The creature

is then treated as if it were dazzled for the next 1d3

rounds as the serum stings and burns during the

absorption process.

Benet:  This describes the benet of the

psychoactive.

Base Save DC:  Will save, DC 20.

Penalty:  This describes the penalty for failing the

Save required each time the substance is ingested.

Duration:  This is the duration of the benet and

penalty.  If the two are different, each is described

in this section.

Hangover:  When a substances duration has run

its course, it often leaves behind a hangover effect

of some kind, which is described in this section.

Side-Effects:  Habitual users of psychoactives

tend to develop particular telltale traits that become

more pronounced as the user continues to use the

substance.

Description:  The above sections are followed by

a short description of the substance in question.

Crystalline Serum

Type:  Supernatural.

Availability:  The substance is difcult to come

by in areas with a small psionic population but

much more common where psionic creatures

live.  For each full week a psionically-endowed

character lives in a single location (such as a

house, apartment, or a room in an inn), there is

a 1% chance of a crystalline cyst forming and

lling with a single dose of crystalline serum.  If

the cyst is left undisturbed it will grow in size,

swelling each week to accommodate an additional

dose of serum, to a maximum of 5 doses.  The

cyst typically forms on the ceiling or rafters of the

room in which the psionic creature spends most

of its time.  A full cyst is still quite small, being a

rough sphere the size of a mature human males

thumb nail.

Dosage:  A single drop.

Price:  500 gp per drop.

116

Benet:  Crystalline serum boosts psionic

potential and psionic power regeneration to

enhanced levels.  When the serum is taken, the user

gains 2d20 power points, which can be used to

fuel any psionic power.  Each round, an additional

1d6 power points are gained for the duration of the

serums effect.  Addicts do not gain any additional

power points beyond the initial 2d20.

Penalty:  The users psionic power erupts in a

coruscating fountain of mental ame, causing 1d6

hit points of damage each round and reducing the

users psionic power points by the same amount.

When a users psionic powers are reduced to 0, the

penalty immediately ends, regardless of the effects

duration.  There is a secondary side-effect which

occurs if the users current power point total ever

exceeds his maximum power point total  the user

suffers 1d4 hit points of damage for every power

point by which he exceeds his normal maximum

and the total number of power points he currently

has is reduced to his normal maximum.

Duration:  2d6 rounds.

Hangover:  The subjects maximum number of

psionic power points is reduced to one-half his

normal maximum until he has slept for 8 hours.

The maximum psionic power points for a saturated

character remains at one-half his normal maximum

as long as he is saturated.  For each week a

character spends saturated by crystalline serum, he

must make a Fortitude save (DC 20 + 1 per week

of saturation after the rst).  If the Save fails, the

user immediately suffers 1d4 points of permanent

Fortitude damage as his body is destroyed by the

effects of the crystalline serum.

Side-Effects:  Staring eyes are the hallmark of

those who use crystalline serum, as the intraocular

ingestion method tends to leave them with

weakened eyelids.  Severe discoloration of the

PSYCHIC MASTERY

Side-Effects:  Surface bruising of the arms and

hands is the most common side-effect of ironroot

powder use.  Addicts are also marked by heavy

bruising around the eyes and nose, as the increased

blood pressure bursts the smaller blood vessels of

the face.

Description:  Ironroot cacti are found in most

desert areas and are easily identiable by the thick,

grey roots visible at their bases.  The seedpods are

a buttery yellow in colour, with a smooth texture.

The powder resulting from the ground seedpods

retains most of this colour and has a bitter, acidic

taste.

Mestiph Seeds

Type:  Natural.

Availability:  The mestiph seed is quite hardy

and can be found in most temperate grasslands

(Wilderness Lore check, DC 15, to nd a single

dose, one check allowed per hour).

Dosage:  Three to ve seeds.

Price:  10 gp per dose if purchased, free if found

Preparation:  The seeds must be removed from

the plant itself, a simple process requiring only a

few seconds.  Each plant can produce but a single

dose of seeds (generally a small handful of the

tiny, black seeds) once every 1d3 days.

Ingestion:  The seeds are swallowed whole, often

with a glass of wine.

Base Save DC:  Will save, DC 10.

Benet:  1d4 minutes after the seeds from this

plant are swallowed whole, they generate a

powerful feeling of euphoria, lling the user with

a sudden burst of self-condence and well-being.

This provides a +1 circumstance bonus to any skill

checks relying on the Charisma ability.  Addicted

users of the mestiph seed receive this bonus only

for the Bluff or Intimidate skills.

Penalty:  Lethargy and a sense of impending doom

descend on some users of the mestiph seed.  When

the Will save is failed, the subject suffers a   -1

circumstance penalty to all Charisma-based skills

and a -1 circumstance penalty to all Will saves.

Duration:  1d4 hours.

sclera becomes evident in addicts, as the serum

causes slight corrosion of the eyeball itself.

Description:  Crystalline serum is a natural by-

product of the presence of psionic individuals.  It

normally collects in tiny crystal cysts near areas

where psionic creatures live or frequently gather.

The serum is clear and stings mightily when

dripped into the eye.

Ironroot Powder

Type:  Natural.

Availability:  The substance is readily available in

any desert region.

Dosage:  A half-ounce of powder.

Price:  50 gp per dose.

Preparation:  Ironroot powder is created by

crushing the seedpods of the ironroot cactus.  This

process is fairly simple and requires no more than

ve minutes.

Ingestion:  The powder is normally placed under

the tongue and allowed to dissolve.  This usually

takes 1d6 minutes.  Attempting any action while

waiting for the powder to dissolve requires a

Concentration check (DC 15) to avoid swallowing

the powder.  If the powder is swallowed, the target

automatically suffers the penalty effects noted

above and does not gain the benets.

Base Save DC:  Fortitude save, DC 15.

Benet:  2d4 minutes after the powder dissolves,

blood rushes into the targets muscles, leaving him

somewhat light-headed and slightly bruised.  The

target immediately gains 3d4 psionic power points

and these points can only be used to manifest

psionic powers based on the users Strength.

Addicts only receive 2d4 psionic power points.

Penalty:  The rush of blood to the muscles and

ensuing light-headedness causes a -2 circumstance

penalty on all Reex saves and Spot or Listen

checks made by the character for the duration of

this effect.

Duration:  Until the power points are spent or 1d4

hours, whichever comes rst.  On a failed Save, the

user suffers the penalty for 1d4 hours.

Hangover:  The subject suffers a -1 penalty to all

Spot or Listen checks for the next 1d3 hours.

117

PSYCHIC MASTERY

Hangover:  The subject suffers a -1 penalty to all

Concentration checks for 1d8 hours.

Side-Effects:  Mestiph users tend to be louder than

normal, speaking at a volume just below a shout

most of the time.  Addicts couple this with the

tendency to stand very close when speaking.

Description:  The mestiph plant is a small shrub

which grows without much need for water or

nutrients.  With its serrated, black-tinged leaves

and brilliant-red seedpods, the plant looks

somewhat sinister and is only rarely eaten by

animals or insects.  The seeds are most prevalent

in the spring months, but most plants will continue

producing seeds throughout the summer before

falling dormant during autumn and winter.  A

single plant produces only enough seeds for a

single dose at a time, but each plant generates

enough new seeds every 1d3 days for another dose.

Serpentweed Wine

Type:  Manufactured.

Availability:  The substance is readily available

in any area where wine is produced.  Serpentweed

grows in the same general climates as grapes

and a single plant can be found for each hour of

searching (Wilderness Lore skill check, DC 20).

Dosage:  An eight-ounce glass.

Price:  50 gp per glass.

Preparation:  Serpentweed wine is created by

adding three ounces of crushed serpentweed to a

gallon of wine.

Ingestion:  Drinking a glass of the wine is

sufcient to activate its capabilities.

Base Save DC:  Fortitude save, DC 15.

Benet:  1d10 minutes after drinking the wine,

the users body is suffused with the substance,

narrowing the gap between action and thought.

For the duration of this effect, the user may pay

one point less for any psionic power based on

the Dexterity ability, with a minimum cost for

any given power of one point.  Addicts gain this

benet, as well, but may only reduce the cost for a

given power to a minimum of three points.

Penalty:  An intense alcoholic haze settles

over the user if he fails his save, rendering him

clumsy and much less able to draw upon his

natural coordination.  The subject receives a 1

circumstance penalty to all skill checks based on

Dexterity and pays one additional point to manifest

any psionic power based on Dexterity.

Duration:  1d3 hours.

Hangover:  The subject suffers a -1 penalty to all

skill checks based on Dexterity for 1d6 hours.

Side-Effects:  Those who use serpentweed wine

develop a mild tremor, which is most visible in

their legs.  Addicts develop a more severe tremor,

which results in a constant, unconscious dipping

and bobbing of their heads.

Description:  Serpentweed wine is most often

based on red wine to conceal the crimson splotches

characteristic of the serpentweed.  It still contains

a fair number of small, sticky clots and emits a

faint carrion stench if allowed to warm to room

temperature.

Tattoos

Aside from crystals, psions and psychic warriors

often benet from the application of tattoos.  These

are not removable and once applied, they are

permanent until physically obscured or excised by

scarring.  These tattoos are made from special inks

and exotic uids.  When applied to the skin of a

psionically active being, a properly created tattoo

grants some form of special focus or capability.

Since tattoos take up a certain amount of space, a

creature can only have one tattoo of this nature per

size category (i.e. two at Diminutive, four at Small,

ve at Medium-size, etc.).

While tattoos are permanent, they must be charged

with power points to be used.  This process, called

igniting, is a standard action and causes the users

skin around the tattoo to burst into a pale, psychic

radiance much like ghostly re.  Unless otherwise

noted, ignited tattoos remain active for one minute

per set of power points spent doing so.  There is no

limit to the number of times a tattoo can be used,

provided its cost is paid each time.

Astral

This tattoo takes the form of

a owing, abstract spiral with

numerous arms that stretch out

over the surface of the skin.  When

active, the wearer of an astral tattoo gains the

118

New Feat:  Inscribe Psychic Tattoo

(Item Creation)

You can create tattoos on living creatures that

focus and convert psychic energy into special

abilities.

Prerequisites:  Manifester Level 1+, Craft

(tattooing) 8 ranks.

Benet:  Psychic tattoos, once created, remain

on the recipient permanently and do not count

as psionic manifestations unless ignited by an

expenditure of power points.  Creating a psychic

tattoo requires a Craft (tattooing) roll; the DC of

this check varies with the tattoo desired (usually 15

+ manifester level).  A failed Craft check expends

half the creation time (1 day per 2000 gold piece

value) and  the market cost in materials.  Most

psychic tattoos are abstract designs, their shapes

dictated by the powers that they grant.

ghost touch special weapon quality with his

unarmed attacks and psionic weapons.

Manifester Level: 4th; DC to Create:  19; Cost

to Ignite:  3 PP; Prerequisites: Inscribe Psychic

Tattoo, concussion; Market Price: 5,000 gp.

Bolstering

When ignited, this shield-shaped

tattoo confers a +4 deection bonus

to the bearers Armour Class and

adds a +1 resistance bonus to all

saving throws.  If the bearer is the

target of a psionic attack, this bonus increases to

+2 with regards to the defending Will save.

Manifester Level: 8th; DC to Create:  23; Cost

to Ignite: 7 PP; Prerequisites: Inscribe Psychic

Tattoo, inertial barrier, creator must possess the

Tower of Iron Will psionic defence; Market Price:

25,000 gp.

Combat Focus

Normally crafted to resemble exotic

knotwork travelling down the bearers

weapon arm(s), a combat focus tattoo

adds a +1 morale bonus to Armour

Class, melee attack and damage rolls,

opposed ability checks and Tumble

checks while active.

Manifester Level: 5th; DC to Create:  20; Cost

to Ignite: 5 PP; Prerequisites: Inscribe Psychic

Tattoo, combat prescience, combat precognition;

Market Price: 11,000 gp.

119

PSYCHIC MASTERY

Defensive

Generally taking the shape of four-

pointed stars on the shoulders of the

recipient, a defensive tattoo sheathes

the bearer in a eld of resilient ectoplasmic energy,

surrounded by glimmering telekinetic stars.  When

ignited, the tattoo grants the bearer a +10 armour

bonus and the Deect Arrows feat.  Deected

missiles are actually knocked away by the hovering

stars.

Manifester Level: 10th; DC to Create: 26; Cost

to Ignite: 6 PP; Prerequisites: Inscribe Psychic

Tattoo, ectoplasmic armour, telekinesis; Market

Price: 5,000 gp.

Erasing

A special form of tattoo, the erasing tattoo is

placed over another psychic tattoo to remove

it completely.  This can be done to unwilling

subjects, but they receive a Will save (DC 20) at

the end of the erasing tattoos creation to resist its

effects.  Willing subjects can use this to remove

unwanted tattoos in favour of new ones.

Manifester Level: 6th; DC to Create:  21; Cost to

Ignite:  n/a; Prerequisites: Inscribe Psychic Tattoo,

negate psionics; Market Price: 4,000 gp.

Elemental

Elemental tattoos are often used

by psychic warriors to channel

damaging energies into their attacks.

An ignited elemental tattoo only

lasts until the bearers next successful melee

attack when unarmed or with a psionic weapon.

Then, the charge leaves the tattoo and inicts

1d6 of whatever elemental (re, cold, sonic, acid,

or lightning) damage was chosen at the tattoos

creation.

Manifester Level:4th; DC to Create:  19; Cost

to Ignite:  2 PP; Prerequisites: Inscribe Psychic

Tattoo, Creator must have a 2nd level metacreative

power; Market Price: 5,000 gp.

Flight

This tattoo is often in the shape of

wings folded against the bearers back.

Intricate work suggests every fold or

feather, making them seem almost real.  When

ignited, the ight tattoo unfurls into ickering

wings of psychic energy, granting a movement rate

of 45 feet with poor manoeuvrability.

Raging Beast

An image of a powerful,

savage creature adorns one

of the bearers arms.  This

tattoo, when ignited, leaps

from the bearers skin and

manifests as a full-sized

ectoplasmic version of itself

under his control.  This creature is a 7th level astral

construct and when it dies or reaches the end of its

one-minute duration, it reappears on the bearer as

a tattoo once more.  All traits of the construct are

decided when the tattoo is created and cannot be

changed afterwards.

Manifester Level: 14th; DC to Create:  29; Cost

to Ignite:  15 PP; Prerequisites: Inscribe Psychic

Tattoo, astral construct VII; Market Price: 40,000

gp.

Speed

Usually inscribed on the

legs and feet of the bearer,

speed tattoos grant incredible

quickness and reexes when

ignited.  While active, the

bearer gains the benets of the

Speed of Thought, Psionic Charge, Dodge and

Psionic Dodge feats.  This tattoo cannot be used

if igniting it would leave the bearer with 0 power

points.

Manifester Level: 9th; DC to Create:  24;

Cost to Ignite:  8 PP; Prerequisites: Inscribe

Psychic Tattoo, Creator must have at least three

psychoportive powers; Market Price: 30,000 gp.

Venomous

Created as serpents entwining around the bearers

arm(s), this tattoo generates a fell energy that

disrupts the metabolism of any creature struck

with his unarmed or psionic weapon attack.  This

tattoo only remains active until the bearers next

successful melee attack, at which time it discharges

as the effect of the divine spell poison.

Manifester Level: 4th; DC to Create:  20; Cost

to Ignite:  5 PP; Prerequisites: Inscribe Psychic

Tattoo, body adjustment; Market Price: 6,000 gp.

PSYCHIC MASTERY

Manifester Level: 4th; DC to Create:  19; Cost

to Ignite:  4 PP; Prerequisites: Inscribe Psychic

Tattoo, y; Market Price: 8,000 gp.

Growth

Often appearing on the bearers chest as a

massive oak tree or powerfully-built giant,

the growth tattoo can be ignited to double

ones height in an instant.  While in this

state, the bearer is much stronger than

before.  This tattoo lasts 10 minutes per ignition.

Manifester Level: 10th; DC to Create:  25; Cost

to Ignite:  5 PP; Prerequisites: Inscribe Psychic

Tattoo, growth; Market Price: 9,000 gp.

Hundred Eyes

Taking the form of an esoteric eye on the bearers

forehead or chest, this tattoo becomes dozens of

aming eyes when ignited.  Orbiting around the

bearer, these eyes grant him the

special quality of All Around Sight,

as noted in Core Rulebook III.

Manifester Level: 6th; DC to Create:  21; Cost

to Ignite:  4 PP; Prerequisites: Inscribe Psychic

Tattoo, ubiquitous vision; Market Price: 3,000 gp.

Mental Fortitude

Inscribed over the temples of the bearer,

the mental fortitude tattoo takes several

different shapes as determined by the

artist that designs it.  When ignited, it generates the

intellect fortress psionic defence and maintains it

without concentration for one full minute.

Manifester Level: 9th; DC to Create:  23; Cost to

Ignite:  10 PP; Prerequisites: Inscribe Psychic

Tattoo, Creator must possess intellect fortress;

Market Price: 25,000 gp.

Nights Touch

Large sections of the bearers skin are tattooed

black with stars and other cosmic phenomena

worked into the dark design.  When the nights

touch is activated, the bearer

is rendered ethereal.  The

bearer can choose to manifest

a psionic power that affects

something in the Material Plane, but this ends the

effect of the tattoo immediately and inicts 2d6

feedback damage on him.

Manifester Level: 12th; DC to Create:  28; Cost

to Ignite:  12 PP; Prerequisites: Inscribe Psychic

Tattoo, ethereal jaunt; Market Price: 20,000 gp.

120

Attunements

When a psionically active person gains an

attunement, the mind creates a eld of energy

within itself that echoes with psychic potential.

This potential affects the physical body of the

attuned psychic, modifying some skill, power or

special ability in a benecial way.  Attunements

interact with the mental capabilities of those who

create them, requiring a considerable investment in

time and effort to manifest them correctly.

Attunements operate, unless noted differently

below, as synergy bonuses since they draw on

the abilities of the attuned being to provide their

effects.  The potential powers of a psionic surge

through the pattern of an attunement, infusing him

with whatever bonus or advantage it generates

while maintaining itself through the hosts own

energies.  As such, all attunements on a psionic

disappear and must be recreated if his power points

ever reach zero.

Attunements cannot be created for other creatures;

each one must be made within the mind of the

psychic who crafts it.  All prerequisites must be

met, but the powers involved can be provided

through any psionic item that generates them (i.e.

dorjes, psionic tattoos, etc.).  Even if the item(s)

meet or exceed the minimum manifester level,

the creator of the attunement must also do so.  A

psionic creature can only have one attunement at a

time.

Games Masters are encouraged to create their

own attunements to add to the list below.  Most

attunements are based around the concept of a

monstrous or magical creature, with its abilities

suggestive of the powers the attunement provides.

Bulette Attunement

Concentrating on the hard skin, endurance

and burrowing abilities of the bulette, a person

with this attunement gains all those things and

more.  While this attunement is active, the

psionic receives a +2 natural Armour bonus, a +2

enhancement bonus to Constitution and a burrow

movement rate of 10 feet.

Bulette Attunement; Minimum Manifester Level to

Create: 7th; XP Cost: 800.

Celestial Attunement

This attunement focuses all of the higher aspects

of the psionic and draws down celestial energies

to infuse his being.  While a psionic is celestially

121

PSYCHIC MASTERY

New Feat:  Attunement (Psionic)

You can focus your mental energies and form

mental constructs within yourself.  These

constructs grant you certain abilities as long as you

have mental energy in reserve.

Prerequisites:  Any three Metacreativity powers,

any two Psychometabolism powers, Psychic

Bastion.

Benet:  You can create attunements within

yourself.  These special formations of mental

energy resemble the spiritual patterns of fantastic

creatures and grant certain abilities and bonuses

while they exist.  If your power points ever reach

zero or if the ability related to your primary

discipline (or Constitution if you are a psychic

warrior) ever goes below 10, you lose all current

attunements and must recreate them at full

experience cost.

Creating an attunement requires making physical

contact (or being within 10 feet if the target is

insubstantial) with the creature in question for one

full hour

You may have one attunement at a time and you

can suspend, resume, or dismiss an attunement

completely at any time as a full-round action.

attuned, he benets from 5 points of acid, cold and

electrical resistance, damage resistance of 5/+1 and

spell resistance equal to his manifester level.  Also,

while active, the recipient of this attunement sheds

30 feet of light at all times.

Celestial Attunement; Minimum Manifester Level

to Create: 9th; XP Cost: 1100.

Dragon Attunement

One of the most difcult attunements to develop,

the dragon attunement lls the psionic who

accomplished it with incredible power and fury.

While attuned, the psionic gains a ight movement

rate of 60 feet (poor), a +4 enhancement bonus to

Strength, a +4 natural armour bonus and one use

per day of breath of the dragon (Manifester level

12th).

Dragon Attunement; Minimum Manifester Level to

Create: 15th; XP Cost: 2100.

Displacer Beast Attunement

Dangerous to attempt because of the savagery

of the displacer beast one must make contact

with, this attunement confers the Displacement

and Resistance to Ranged Attacks abilities of its

PSYCHIC MASTERY

namesake.  This attunement also confers a +4

circumstance bonus to Hide.

Displacer Beast Attunement; Minimum Manifester

Level to Create: 8th; XP Cost: 1000.

Ghost Attunement

A chilling attunement to gain, those who brave

the energies of the insubstantial undead to attain

it gain free use of ethereal jaunt.  When the jaunt

ability is used, the psionic takes 1 point of negative

energy damage each round.  In addition, the

attuned psionic is protected as per negative energy

protection (caster level 9th) whenever he is not

ethereal.

Ghost Attunement; Minimum Manifester Level to

Create: 12th; XP Cost: 1400.

Merfolk Attunement

A special attunement that can only be attempted

when the psionic is completely submerged in at

least 50 feet of water, this grants all of the benets

conferred by a helm of underwater action, the spell

water breathing and a swim movement rate of 40

feet.  While this attunement is active, the psionic

will have a marked preference for being in or near

the water.

Merfolk Attunement; Minimum Manifester Level

to Create: 7th; XP Cost: 800.

Nymph Attunement

A powerful attunement often belied by the

seemingly peaceful appearance of those who have

manifested it, this provides the attuned psychic

with a +4 enhancement bonus to Charisma and free

use of charm person.  Once per day, the attuned

psionic can generate the same effect as a nymphs

Blinding Beauty (DC 15).

Nymph Attunement; Minimum Manifester Level to

Create: 8th; XP Cost: 1000.

Shadow Attunement

Psionics seeking a shadow attunement do so at

great risk, as physical contact with a shadow

can be very harmful.  Those who complete the

attunement process infuse themselves with the

energies of the shadow plane.  This suspends their

lifeforce and forces them to make an immediate

Fortitude save (DC 22) or die instantly.  Survival

confers all of the special qualities of an undead

creature upon the psionic for as long as this

attunement remains active.

Shadow Attunement; Minimum Manifester Level to

Create: 14th; XP Cost: 2000.

Troll Attunement

Once attuned to the aggressively potent health

of a troll, the psionic doing so receives a +2

enhancement bonus to Strength and Constitution.

The primary benet to this attunement is the power

of regeneration; the psionic gains regeneration 1,

with re and acid doing normal damage.  Unlike

a true troll, this power will not reattach severed

limbs (though they will regrow in 3d6 days).

Troll Attunement; Minimum Manifester Level to

Create: 14th; XP Cost: 2000.

Vampire Attunement

Gaining this attunement is often an adventure in

itself, since the psionic must make contact with a

vampire for one hour.  In addition, the psionic must

actually be subjected to the vampires Blood Drain

attack during this time.  Once the attunement is

complete, the psionic gains vampiric touch, once

per round, as a melee attack.  This attunement also

grants a +4 enhancement bonus to Strength, a +2

enhancement bonus to Dexterity and the Alertness

feat while active.

Vampire Attunement; Minimum Manifester Level

to Create: 13th; XP Cost: 1500.

122

The Armoury

Welcome to the Armoury.  Here you will

nd new weapons, armour and other

combat-related items useful to any

character class.  It is not just the ghter who holds

the monopoly in battle and the specialist items

here may benet any cleric, rogue or wizard who

insists on following the dangerous profession of

adventuring.

This chapter details a wealth of new weapons

and armour for adventurers to experiment with,

from simple knives to incredibly expensive suits

of dragonscale armour.  In addition, there are also

many new accessories for weapons that may nd

favour with many dungeon-delvers, such as new

arrow types or the bow stabiliser that can radically

increase the range of any archer.

Weapons

There are many different types of weapons

available to the canny adventurer and while

most will specialise in the use of just a few, they

will also recognise the benets inherent in more

esoteric designs.  Every weapon is designed

with a specic purpose in mind.  The aim of the

majority is to simply slay an enemy before he

kills the wielder but many have also been adapted

throughout the centuries to full a sometimes

highly specialised goal.  Detailed here are a great

many more weapons available to the discerning

adventurer, greatly expanding his own capability in

any life-or-death situation.

Simple Melee

Weapons

Such weapons require little or no training to use

effectively in battle and so are popular among

peasants, commoners and other professions which

do not rely on skill in battle to triumph over foes.

Often cheap and never sophisticated, simple melee

weapons are designed to equip large numbers of

unskilled warriors and forge them into an effective

ghting force, though they may also be popular

among adventurers who are looking for an easy-to-

use weapon for self-defence.

Club

A wooden club is so easy to nd and fashion that it

has no cost.

123

THE ARMOURY

Club:  Medium-size Simple Weapon; Dmg 1d6;

Critical x2; Range 10 ft.; 3 lb.; Bludgeoning.

Club, Padded

An ideal weapon for the rogue who needs to take

someone alive, the padded club is a stout, oaken

cudgel wrapped with

a thick, woollen

covering.  The padded

club deals subdual

rather than standard damage.

Club, Padded:  Medium-size Simple

Weapon; 1 gp; Dmg 1d6 subdual; Critical

x2; Range ; 4 lb.; Bludgeoning.

Dagger

The dagger is a common secondary weapon.

You can use the Weapon Finesse feat to apply

a characters Dexterity modier instead of the

Strength modier to attack rolls with a dagger.

Dagger:  Tiny Simple Weapon; 2 gp; Dmg 1d4;

Critical 19-20/x2; Range 10 ft.; 1 lb.; Piercing.

Dagger, Assassins

This broad-bladed dagger is designed to inict

vicious, gaping wounds that are difcult to mend.

While this dagger generally deals less damage than

a normal dagger, it is much deadlier when it scores

a critical strike.

Dagger, Assassins:

Tiny Simple

Weapon; 4 gp; Dmg

1d3; Critical x4;

Range ; 1 lb.; Piercing.

Dagger, Hollow Pommel

The handle of this dagger is actually a secret

carrying case.  On most of these daggers, the

pommels bottom portion screws off to reveal

the handles hollow centre, though on some

(particularly those created in areas where this

dagger is common) the blade actually twists off.

Hollow pommel daggers often carry messages,

narcotics, thieves tools and other small, light

items.  Detecting the secret compartment requires

a successful Search check (DC 15, DC 20 for

daggers with removable

blades).  If the searcher

is familiar with this

type of weapon, and

specically looks for the

THE ARMOURY

compartment, he gains a +5 competence bonus to

his check.

Dagger, Hollow Pommel:  Tiny Simple Weapon;

20 gp; Dmg 1d4; Critical x2; Range 10 ft.; 3 lb.;

Piercing.

Dagger, Leeching

This dagger has a long, thin blade and a wider-

than-normal handle, which unbalances the weapon

enough to make throwing it impossible.  At the

base of the blade is a hollow fang that runs down

into the daggers handle, which holds a removable,

glass vacuum tube.

When maximum damage

is rolled (4 on a d4), or

on a critical hit, the fang

pierces the victim and

breaks the seal in the tube, extracting a sample of

the victims blood, ichor or other bodily uids.

Once retaining a sample, a leeching dagger may

not take any further samples until its seal is

restored.  Fluid samples can be used to create any

number of alchemical or magical creations, making

these daggers a must for any travelling mage or

alchemist.

Dagger, Leeching: Tiny Simple Weapon; 10

gp; Dmg 1d4; Critical 19-20/x2; Range ; 1 lb.;

Piercing.

Replacement Vacuum Tube: 5 gp;  lb.

Dagger, Punching

This dagger puts the full force of the wielders

punch behind it, making it capable of deadly

strikes.

Dagger, Punching:  Tiny Simple Weapon; 2 gp;

Dmg 1d4; Critical x3; Range ; 2 lb.; Piercing.

Daggers, Tamo

Tamo daggers, which are always sold in pairs,

are thin, stiletto blades mounted on an often

elaborately-carved, thick, wooden handle.  Each

handle has a slot near the blade that serves as a

sheath for its twin  when the blades are sheathed

the handles form a sturdy club.

Daggers, Tamo:  Tiny or Small Simple Weapon;

20 gp; Dmg 1d4 or 1d6; Critical 19-20/x2 or x2;

Range ; 4 lb.; Piercing or Bludgeoning.

Finger Razors

Finger razors are sharpened false ngernails of

either jade or steel that slip over the tips of the

wearers ngers.  They allow the user to inict

slashing damage with unarmed attacks and are

useful for delivering poisons.  Finger razors are

ineffective after the rst blow, as they have a

tendency to either stick in their target or simply fall

off the users ngertips.

Finger Razors:  Tiny Simple Weapon; 5 gp; Dmg

unarmed; Critical x3; Range ; Slashing.

Gauntlet

These metal gloves protect the hands and let

characters deal normal damage with unarmed

strikes rather than subdual damage.  A strike with

a gauntlet is otherwise considered an unarmed

attack.  The cost and weight given are for a single

gauntlet.

Medium and heavy armour (except breastplate)

come with gauntlets.

Gauntlet:  Tiny Simple

Weapon; 2 gp; Dmg

unarmed; Critical

x2; Range ; 2 lb.;

Bludgeoning.

Gauntlets,

Edged

Blades are placed along the back of the gauntlet

to allow the character to slash an opponent with a

backhanded swipe.  An

opponent cannot use a

disarm action to disarm

a characters edged

gauntlets.  The cost and

weight given are for a

single gauntlet.  An attack

with an edged gauntlet

is considered an armed

attack.

Gauntlet, Edged:  Tiny

Simple Weapon; 8 gp;

Dmg 1d4; Critical 19-

20/x2; Range ; 5 lb.;

Slashing.

Gauntlet, Guardian

Reinforced plates are locked onto these gauntlets

in order to allow them to take a lot of punishment

124

and ward off blows without

causing undue harm to the

character.  The character gains

a +1 deection bonus to his

AC while wearing a guardian

gauntlet and suffers an Armour

Check Penalty of    1 and

Arcane Failure rate of 5%.  An

off-hand weapon can be used

in conjunction with a guardian

gauntlet, but a -1 penalty

on attack rolls is imposed because of the extra

weight on the characters arm.  This penalty stacks

with those for ghting with the off-hand and, if

appropriate, for ghting with two weapons.  In

any case, if a weapon is used in the off-hand, the

character does not get the gauntlets AC bonus

for the rest of the round.  An opponent cannot use

a disarm action to disarm a characters guardian

gauntlets.  The cost and weight given is for a single

gauntlet.  An attack with a guardian gauntlet is

considered an armed attack.

Gauntlet, Guardian:  Tiny Simple Weapon;

20 gp; Dmg 1d4; Critical x2; Range ; 6 lb.;

Bludgeoning.

Gauntlet, Spiked

An opponent cannot use a disarm action against a

characters spiked gauntlets.  The cost and weight

given are for a single gauntlet.  An attack with a

spiked gauntlet is considered an armed attack.

Gauntlet, Spiked:  Tiny Simple Weapon; 5 gp;

Dmg 1d4; Critical x2; Range ; 2 lb.; Piercing.

Gauntlet, Spring Blade

This gauntlet hides a blade within it that can

be sprung at any moment.  Most spring blade

gauntlets hint at their ability by their more bulky

nature, but there are those

spring blade gauntlets that

are created with disguise in

mind; of course the latter

are more difcult to make

and cost twice as much.

An opponent cannot use a

disarm action to disarm a

characters gauntlets.  The

cost and weight given is for

a single gauntlet.  An attack

with a spring blade gauntlet

is considered an armed

attack.  The spring blade gauntlet is activated as a

move-equivalent action.  A successful Spot check

125

THE ARMOURY

(DC 10 for undisguised spring blade gauntlets

or DC 20 for disguised) will allow a character

to notice the gauntlets odd shape and perhaps

determine its nature at the Games Masters

discretion.

Gauntlet, Spring Blade :  Tiny Simple Weapon;

6 gp; Dmg 1d4; Critical 19-20/x2; Range ; 4 lb.;

Piercing.

Gauntlets, Studded

Weighted studs are placed upon the gauntlet to

provide a more punishing blow to foes when a

strike is landed with this gauntlet.  An opponent

cannot use a disarm action

to disarm a characters

studded gauntlets.  The cost

and weight given is for a

single gauntlet.  An attack

with a studded gauntlet is

considered an armed attack.

Gauntlet, Studded:  Tiny

Simple Weapon; 5 gp; Dmg

1d4; Critical x2; Range ; 3

lb.; Bludgeoning.

Gauntlet, Teethed

These gauntlets are meant to catch an opponents

blade and help in disarming him.  An opponent

cannot use a disarm action to disarm a characters

teethed gauntlets.  The cost

and weight given are for a

single gauntlet.  An attack

with a teethed gauntlet is

considered an armed attack.

With a teethed gauntlet

you get a +4 bonus on

your opposed attack roll

when attempting to disarm

an enemy.  Any time an

opponent deals critical

damage to a teethed gauntlet

it loses some of its teeth and the bonus to disarm

rolls is permanently reduced by -1.

Gauntlet, Teethed :  Tiny Simple Weapon; 10 gp;

Dmg 1d4; Critical x2; Range ; 4 lb.; Bludgeoning

and Piercing.

Halfspear

The halfspear is small enough for a Small

character to use it. If you use a ready action to

set this weapon against a charge, you deal double

THE ARMOURY

damage if you score a hit against a charging

character.

Halfspear:  Medium-size Simple Weapon; 1 gp;

Dmg 1d6; Critical x3; Range 20 ft.; 3 lb.; Piercing.

Knife

The knife is any blade smaller than a dagger,

ranging from hunting blades to steak knives.  Not

designed for battle, the use of such small weapons

provokes attacks of opportunity.

Knife:  Tiny Simple Weapon; 5 sp; Dmg 1d2;

Critical x2; Range 5 ft.;  lb.; Piercing.

Knuckleduster

A knuckleduster is a spiked, leather strap

worn across the knuckles that makes the

wearers punches much deadlier.  Fighting with

knuckledusters count as an unarmed attack, though

they deal normal, rather than subdual, damage.

Knuckleduster:  Tiny Simple Weapon; 5 sp; Dmg

1d3; Critical x2; Range ; 1 lb.; Piercing.

Mace, Chained

A chained mace functions exactly like a heavy

mace until its head is removed.  When twisted,

the mace head detaches

from the haft and a

length of chain slides

from the hollow handle.

This effectively converts

the weapon into a light ail.  As a ail, the weapon

takes on all the properties for disarming or tripping

of a regular ail.  Changing from one weapon to

the other is a move-equivalent action unless the

wielder has the Quick Draw feat (where such a

transformation is considered a free action).

Mace, Chained:  Medium-size Simple Weapon;

75 gp; Dmg 1d8; Critical x2; Range ; 12 lb.;

Bludgeoning.

Mace, Heavy or Light

A short, steel haft with a anged head that relies

on the strength of the wielder to deal damage.

Mace, Heavy:  Medium-size Simple Weapon;

12 gp; Dmg 1d8; Critical x2; Range ; 12 lb.;

Bludgeoning.

Mace, Light:  Small Simple Weapon; 5 gp; Dmg

1d6; Critical x2; Range ; 6 lb.; Bludgeoning.

Morningstar

A short wooden haft topped by a spiked steel ball,

the morningstar improves over the simple impact

of a club.

Morningstar:  Medium-size Simple Weapon;

8 gp; Dmg 1d8; Critical x2; Range ; 8 lb.;

Bludgeoning and Piercing.

Quarterstaff

A quarterstaff is a double weapon.  A creature

using a double weapon in one hand, such as a

Large creature using a quarterstaff, cannot use it as

a double weapon.

Quarterstaff:  Large Simple Weapon; Dmg

1d6/1d6; Critical x2; Range ; 4 lb.; Piercing.

Sawtooth

One of the most primitive weapons to be carried

into battle, the sawtooth is nothing more than a

wooden sword

with sharpened

teeth or horns

mounted along

one edge.

Useless for thrusting, it is nevertheless capable of

dealing serious injury with a solid strike, though

it will always be seriously outclassed by metal-

forged swords.

Sawtooth:  Medium-size Simple Weapon; 10 gp;

Dmg 1d8; Critical x3; Range ; 4 lb.; Slashing.

Shortspear

Because a shortspear is not as long as a longspear,

it can be thrown.  If you use a ready action to set

this weapon against a charge, you deal double

damage if you score a hit against a charging

character.

Shortspear:  Large Simple Weapon; 2 gp; Dmg

1d8; Critical x3; Range 20 ft.; 5 lb.; Piercing.

Sickle

This weapon is like a farmers sickle, but it is

strengthened for use as a weapon.  It is favoured by

druids and anyone who wants a weapon that might

be overlooked by guards.

Sickle:  Small Simple Weapon; 6 gp; Dmg 1d6;

Critical x2; Range ; 3 lb.; Slashing.

126

Spear, Two-Headed

A two-headed spear is simply a long, wooden haft

with a spear-point on each end.  A two-headed

spear form is a constant blur of motion, the spear

spinning in gure-eight patterns as the practitioner

leaps and twists.  A two-headed spear can be used

as a double weapon, but the wielder incurs all the

normal attack penalties as if using a one-handed

weapon and a light weapon.

Spear, Two-Headed:  Large Simple Weapon; 10

gp; Dmg 1d6/1d6; Critical x3; Range 20 ft.; 5 lb.;

Piercing.

Spiked Helmet

This is a strong and well-

armoured helmet with a long,

sharp spike mounted upon its

top.  Fashions and styles vary,

but spikes have been seen

measuring over a foot in length.

It is an impractical weapon, but

it can pack a surprising punch,

though is often best relegated

to the status of a backup weapon.  Using the

spiked helmet counts as an unarmed melee attack

and will provoke an attack of opportunity.  The

spiked helmet deals double damage if used whilst

charging.

Spiked Helmet:  Small Simple Weapon; 25

gp; Dmg 1d6; Critical 19-20/x2; Range ; 3 lb.;

Piercing/Bludgeoning.

Staff, Iron

An iron staff is a heavier version of a normal

quarterstaff, much sturdier and capable of inicting

large amounts of damage with quick,  successive

hits.  An iron staff can be wielded by anyone

procient with quarterstaff and can be used as a

double weapon.

Staff, Iron:  Large Simple Weapon; 25 gp; Dmg

1d6/1d6; Critical x3; Range ; 9 lb.; Bludgeoning.

THE ARMOURY

Simple Ranged

Weapons

Beyond the javelin, sling and crossbow, ranged

weapons that are simple to use are relatively rare

 most take a fair bit of skill and practice to use

effectively against an enemy in battle.  However,

necessity is a driving force behind innovation and

several weapons have been developed that remain

simple to use but can be highly effective in the

right situation.

Crossbow, Heavy

A heavy crossbow requires two hands to use

effectively, regardless of the users size.  Loading

a heavy crossbow is a full-round action that

provokes attacks of opportunity.

A Medium-size or larger character can shoot,

but not load, a heavy crossbow with one hand at

a -4 penalty.  A Medium-size or larger character

can shoot a heavy crossbow with each hand at a

6 penalty, plus the usual -4 penalty for the off-

hand attack (-6 primary hand/-10 off hand).  The

Two-Weapon Fighting feat does not reduce these

penalties because it represents skill with melee

weapons, not ranged weapons.  The Ambidexterity

feat lets someone avoid the -4 off-hand penalty (-6

primary hand/-6 off hand).

Crossbow, Heavy:  Medium-size Simple Weapon;

50 gp; Dmg 1d10; Critical 19-20x2; Range 120 ft.;

9 lb.; Piercing.

Crossbow, Light

A light crossbow requires two hands to use,

regardless of the users size.  Loading a light

crossbow is a move-equivalent action that provokes

attacks of opportunity.

A Small or larger character can shoot, but not

load, a light crossbow with one hand at a -4

penalty.  A Small or larger character can shoot a

light crossbow with each hand as noted for heavy

crossbows, above.

Crossbow, Light:  Small Simple Weapon; 35 gp;

Dmg 1d8; Critical 19-20/x2; Range 80 ft.; 6 lb.;

Piercing.

Dagger, Throwing

This slender-bladed knife is specially constructed

for throwing.  Lighter and smaller than a normal

dagger, a throwing blade has a much longer

127

THE ARMOURY

range than its larger cousin but is unwieldy in

melee, almost to the point of uselessness, some

professional ghters would claim.  When used

in melee combat, the throwing daggers wielder

suffers a 2 competence penalty to his attack roll.

Dagger, Throwing:  Tiny Simple Weapon; 1 gp;

Dmg 1d3; Critical 19-20/x2; Range 20 ft.; 1 lb.;

Piercing.

Dart

A dart is the size of a large arrow and has a

weighted head.  Essentially, it is a small javelin.

Javelin:  Medium-size Simple Weapon; 1 gp; Dmg

1d6; Critical x2; Range 30 ft.; 2 lb.; Piercing.

Sling

The sling hurls lead bullets.  Its not as easy to

use as the crossbow, nor as powerful as a bow, but

it is cheap and easy to improvise from common

materials.  Druids and halings favour slings.

A character can hurl ordinary stones with a sling,

but stones are not as dense or as round as bullets,

so they deal only 1d3 points of damage and suffer

a -1 penalty on attack rolls.

Dart:  Small Simple Weapon; 5 sp; Dmg 1d4;

Critical x2; Range 20 ft.;  lb.; Piercing.

Sling:  Small Simple Weapon; Dmg 1d4; Critical

x2; Range 50 ft.; Bludgeoning.

Harpoon, Light

This is a lightweight version of the

weapon more commonly seen on high

seas ships, used to defend the vessel

against huge and terrible sea monsters,

as well as capture larger sh for food.

When used against a living target, the

harpoons barbed tip has a good chance

of lodging inside an opponent, causing

a great amount of pain and suffering.

This, of course, makes them far easier to

engage in regular combat.  If damage is

inicted with a light harpoon, the target

must make a Reex check at DC 10 +

damage caused.  If this is failed, the

target is harpooned.  Until the harpoon

is removed, the target moves at half

speed and may not charge or run.  If the

harpooned target attempts to cast a spell,

a Concentration check must be made

at DC 15 to avoid losing the spell.  The

harpoon may be removed as a full round

action but this will cause an amount of

damage equal to that originally inicted

unless a Heal check is made at DC 15.

Harpoon, Light:  Medium-size Simple

Weapon; 10 gp; Dmg 1d8; Critical x2; Range 30

ft.; 8 lb.; Piercing.

Javelin

This weapon is a light, exible spear intended for

throwing.  It can be used in melee, but not well.

Since it is not designed for melee, all characters

are treated as not procient with it and thus suffer

4 penalty on their melee attack rolls.

Slingshot

Woodsmen discovered that certain resins combined

well with intertwined strings to make a very

elastic cord.  The slingshot is a Y-shaped wooden

stick with this elastic string tied on both arms,

with a sling at the centre.  This weapon is a good

substitute for a normal sling in the restrictive

connes of heavily-wooded areas.

Slingshot:  Tiny Simple Weapon; 5 sp; Dmg 1d4;

Critical x2; Range 40 ft.; 1 lb.; Bludgeoning.

Martial Melee

Weapons

Most weapons fall into this category, for no-one

is better at designing new tools for killing than

those already skilled in battle.  Any adventurer

who has seen a large amount of combat will nd

any weapon presented here easy to use and readily

capable of destroying enemies.  A few are highly

specialised, or designed for specic tasks in

battle, but all are fairly easy to use once the basic

principles have been learnt.

Aclis

The aclis is simply a club attached to lightweight

cord.  Mainly used in melee combat, it may also

be thrown, with the cord being used to drag the

aclis back to be used again.  Not an ideal weapon

in normal combat, it may give an opponent a nasty

surprise

and, if used

by several

individuals

at once, can

stall even

128

a determined charge.  The aclis has a maximum

range of 30 feet, as this is the length of the cord it

is attached to.  Dragging the club back after it has

been thrown is a move-equivalent action.

Aclis:  Medium-size Martial Weapon; 1 gp; Dmg

1d6; Critical x2; Range 10 ft.; 3 lb.; Bludgeoning.

Angle-Knife

A curved, double-

edged dagger, some

examples are so

extreme in their curvature that the point

extends at right angles away from the hilt.

The angle-knife can be a vicious weapon in the

right hands, dealing serious wounds to even a well-

armoured enemy.

Angle Knife:  Small Martial Weapon; 10 gp;

Dmg 1d4; Critical 18-20/x2; Range 10 ft.; 3 lb.;

Piercing.

Armour Blades

Leave it to dwarves to take the humble armour

spike to a higher level of deadly efciency.  These

blades sprout from the elbows, knees, forearms,

shoulders or any other surface a dwarf could use

for striking out at an enemy.  Sliding on hinged

rails, these blades are normally retracted at

against the armour but those who are procient

in their use can snap the blades out for quick

use.  Note that purchasing this weapon actually

indicates the attachment of numerous blades to

a suit of armour, welding them permanently into

place.

Armour Blades:  Small Martial Weapon; 100 gp;

Dmg 1d6; Critical x3; Range ; 10 lb.; Slashing.

Battleaxe

A battleaxe is larger and heavier than a handaxe.

Battleaxe:  Medium-size Martial Weapon; 10 gp;

Dmg 1d8; Critical x3; Range ; 7 lb.; Slashing.

Bec-de-Corbin

This weapon takes the form of a small polearm

with a combined hammer and pick at its head.

Swung with great force, the wielder is able to

concentrate all the energy of his blows into the

sharp pick end of the weapon, enabling him

THE ARMOURY

to cause a great deal of damage against the

most heavily armoured of enemies, and is thus

commonly found in the hands of any ghter

looking to battle metal-clad knights.  The bec-de-

corbin may be used as a piercing weapon with

its pick head, or a bludgeoning weapon with its

hammer.  However, it may not be used as both

within the same combat round.

Bec-de-Corbin:  Large Martial Weapon; 30 gp;

Dmg 2d4; Critical x4; Range ; 30 lb.; Piercing/

Bludgeoning.

Dagger, Sap Pommel

A popular weapon with thieves who like to brawl

without dealing life-threatening injuries, the sap

pommel dagger incorporates a heavy, one-inch

diameter

bludgeon at

the end of

the daggers

pommel.  In

combat, the

bladed end may be used as a normal dagger or the

blunt end as a sap, dealing subdual damage.

Dagger, Sap Pommel:  Small Martial Weapon; 1

gp; Dmg 1d4 or 1d6 subdual; Critical 19-20/x2 or

x2; Range ; 3 lb.; Piercing or Bludgeoning.

Dagger, Spring-Loaded

This peculiar item is notable not for the dagger

itself, but instead for its carefully crafted sheath.  A

spring-loaded dagger is kept in a slender, leather

sheath meant to be strapped to the wrist.  When the

user twists his hand in a particular way, the dagger

pops from its sheath into the users hand.  To

successfully draw this weapon, the user must make

a Dexterity check (DC 10).  On a success, he draws

the dagger as a free action and may immediately

attack with it, possibly catching his opponent at-

footed, if the Games Master rules the target did not

expect an attack.  Otherwise, the user fumbles with

the dagger and must follow the standard rules for

drawing the weapon.  A character with the Quick

Draw feat does not need to make a Dexterity check

to properly use a spring-loaded dagger.

Dagger, Spring-Loaded:  Tiny Martial Weapon;

30 gp; Dmg 1d4; Critical 19-20/x2; Range 10

ft.; 2 lb.; Piercing.

129

THE ARMOURY

Executioners Sword

Although not very practical for combat, the

executioners sword has a long tradition of service;

it is used to execute criminals by beheading.  These

blades are never used for anything but executions

by their proper wielders, although others have

taken to using an executioners sword for more

mundane purposes.  Using an executioners sword

in combat incurs a 4 penalty to attack (cumulative

with the penalty for not being procient with the

weapon, if applicable) due to its strange balance.

Executioners swords are balanced for chopping

from an overhand position, rather than complicated

combat manoeuvres.  Anyone with the Martial

Weapon Prociency and a Strength score of at least

14 who takes an Exotic Weapon Prociency in this

weapon ignores the 4 penalty for using it.

Executioners Sword:  Large Martial Weapon;

75 gp; Dmg 1d12; Critical x4; Range ; 18 lb.;

Slashing.

Falchion

This sword, which is essentially a two-handed

scimitar, has a curve that gives it an effectively

keener edge.

Falchion:  Large Martial Weapon; 75 gp; Dmg

2d4; Critical 18-20/x2; Range ; 16 lb.; Slashing.

Flail, Heavy or Light

With a ail, add a +2 bonus on the opposed

attack roll when attempting to disarm an enemy

(including the roll to avoid being disarmed if the

character fails to disarm the enemy).

You can use this weapon to make trip attacks.  If

the character is tripped during his trip attempt, the

ail can be dropped to avoid being tripped.

Flail, Heavy:  Large Martial Weapon; 15 gp;

Dmg 1d10; Critical 19-20/x2; Range ; 20 lb.;

Bludgeoning.

Flail, Light:  Medium-size Martial Weapon; 8 gp;

Dmg 1d8; Critical x2; Range ; 5 lb.; Bludgeoning.

Falx

A wholly unsophisticated weapon, the falx consists

of a slightly-curved blade mounted atop a two-foot

130

shaft.  It is a heavy sword and, whilst it does not

require much skill to use, the wounds it deals are

usually severe.

Falx:  Large Martial Weapon; 25 gp; Dmg 2d4;

Critical 19-20/x2; Range ; 10 lb.; Slashing.

Gladius

Looking much like an ornate short sword, the

gladius is actually a very different weapon.  With

a blade expertly-honed to the keenest point, the

gladius is exceptionally well-balanced and utterly

lethal in skilled hands.  As well as a better threat

range than a short sword, the gladius in all respects

counts as being masterwork.

Gladius:  Small Martial Weapon; 450 gp; Dmg

1d6; Critical 18-20/x2; Range ; 3 lb.; Piercing.

Glaive

A glaive has reach of 10 feet.  The weapon cannot

be used against an adjacent foe.

Glaive:  Large Martial Weapon; 8 gp; Dmg 1d10;

Critical x3; Range ; 15 lb.; Slashing.

Gold Coin Spade

A gold coin spade is a long-handled weapon with

a circle of steel on one end, often with an elaborate

design, usually of a clan or religious symbol, set in

the centre of the wheel.  In addition to delivering

powerful, slashing blows, the wheel is especially

suited to trapping opponents weapons - the gold

coin spade can be used by anyone procient with

martial weapons but those who possess Exotic

Weapon Prociency (gold coin spade) gain a +2

bonus to all Disarm checks.

Gold Coin Spade:  Large Martial Weapon; 35

gp; Dmg 1d10; Critical x3; Range ; 10 lb.;

Bludgeoning.

Greataxe

A large, heavy, dual-bladed axe, the greataxe is

capable of delivering crushing blows to a foe.

dismounting attackers.  Any rider hit by a half-

moon longspear must make a Ride check at DC 10

+ base attack bonus of attacker, or be dismounted.

THE ARMOURY

Half-Moon Longspear:  Large Martial Weapon;

10 gp; Dmg 2d4; Critical 19-20/x2; Range ; 15

lb.; Slashing.

Hammer, Great

A large and brutal weapon designed for those who

wish no subtlety in their ghting, the great hammer

is a double-headed mallet, with one side ending in

a tapered point.  The wielder may choose the type

of damage he will inict, being either a piercing or

bludgeoning weapon on demand.

Hammer, Great:  Large Martial Weapon; 80 gp;

Dmg 2d6; Critical x3; Range ; 18 lb.; Piercing/

Bludgeoning.

Hammer, Light

This is a small sledge, light enough to throw.

Hammer, Light:  Small Martial Weapon; 1

gp; Dmg 1d4; Critical x2; Range 20 ft.; 2 lb.;

Bludgeoning.

Handaxe

A small axe designed to be used as a secondary

weapon, usually with a battleaxe.

Handaxe:  Small Martial Weapon; 6 gp; Dmg 1d6;

Critical x3; Range ; 5 lb.; Slashing.

Karvar

The karvar takes the form of a huge and heavy

cleaver being mounted on the end of a two-foot

shaft.  It is an unwieldy and primitive weapon, but

is capable of causing a great deal of damage on a

successful strike.

Karvar:  Medium-size Martial Weapon; 5 gp;

Dmg 1d6; Critical x3; Range ; 4 lb.; Slashing.

Greataxe:  Large Martial Weapon; 20 gp; Dmg

1d12; Critical x3; Range ; 20 lb.; Slashing.

Greatclub

A greatclub is a two-handed version of a regular

club.  It is often studded with nails or spikes or

ringed by bands of iron.

Greatclub:  Large Martial Weapon; 5 gp; Dmg

1d10; Critical x2; Range ; 10 lb.; Bludgeoning.

Greatsword

The massive ve-foot-long blade of this immense

sword is capable of cutting foes to pieces with

relative ease.

Greatsword:  Large Martial Weapon; 50 gp; Dmg

2d6; Critical 19-20/x2; Range ; 15 lb.; Slashing.

Guisarme

A guisarme has reach of 10 feet.  The weapon

cannot be used against an adjacent foe.

Because of the guisarmes curved blade, trip

attacks can also be made with it.  If a character is

tripped during his trip attempt, the guisarme can be

dropped to avoid being tripped.

Guisarme:  Large Martial Weapon; 9 gp; Dmg

2d4; Critical x3; Range ; 15 lb.; Slashing.

Halberd

Normally, a character strikes with the halberds

axe-head, but the spike on the end is useful against

charging opponents.  Because of the hook on the

back of the halberd, a character can use it to make

trip attacks.  If a character is tripped during his

trip attempt, the halberd can be dropped to avoid

being tripped.  If you use a ready action to set this

weapon against a charge, you deal double damage

if you score a hit against a charging character.

Halberd:  Large Martial Weapon; 10 gp; Dmg

1d10; Critical x3; Range ; 15 lb.; Piercing and

Slashing.

Half-Moon Longspear

An adaptation of the longspear, the half-moon

shaped blade of this weapon makes it ideal for

131

THE ARMOURY

Khopesh

Often confused with the scimitar, the khopesh is a

more unwieldy

weapon but

far heavier

overall and

capable of causing a lot of damage in the hands of

an unsophisticated ghter.

Khopesh:  Medium-size Martial Weapon; 15

gp; Dmg 1d8; Critical 19-20/x2; Range ; 4 lb.;

Slashing.

Knife, Deer Horn

A deer horn knife is formed by two sharpened,

crescent blades turned in towards one another with

the tips of each blade overlapping, forming the

knifes four horns.  A length of leather wrapped

around one of the blades serves as a grip for

the wielder.  Deer horn knife ghting styles are

circular and evasive, with low stances and attacks

that come from every direction.  The horns of the

deer horn knife are especially useful when making

disarm attempts and a practitioner who has Exotic

Weapon Prociency (deer horn knife) gains a +2

circumstance bonus to all opposed Disarm checks.

Deer horn knives are usually wielded in pairs.

Knife, Deer Horn:  Small Martial Weapon; 10 gp;

Dmg 1d6; Critical 19-20/x2; Range 10 ft.; 2 lb.;

Piercing/Slashing.

Kwan Dao

Also known as the generals sword, the kwan

dao is one of the martial arts most legendary

weapons.  Named for a famous mythological hero,

the kwan dao is essentially a heavier version of

a halberd, granting the same +2 bonus to Trip

attempts but may not be set to receive a charge.

Kwan dao forms are very aggressive and teach the

practitioner to spin the weapon in tight arcs around

his body to build up momentum for wide, slashing

strikes.

Kwan Dao:  Large Martial Weapon; 25 gp; Dmg

1d10; Critical 19-20/x2; Range ; 20 lb.; Slashing.

Lance, Heavy or Light

A lance deals double damage when used from

the back of a charging mount.  A heavy lance has

reach of 10 feet.  The weapon cannot be used

against an adjacent foe.  Light lances are primarily

for Small riders.

Lance, Heavy:  Medium-size Martial Weapon;

10 gp; Dmg 1d8; Critical x3; Range ; 10 lb.;

Piercing.

Lance, Light:  Small Martial Weapon; 6 gp; Dmg

1d6; Critical x3; Range ; 5 lb.; Piercing.

Longspear

A longspear has reach of 10 feet.  The weapon

cannot be used against an adjacent foe.  If you use

a ready action to set this weapon against a charge,

you deal double damage if you score a hit against a

charging character.

Longspear:  Large Martial Weapon; 5 gp; Dmg

1d8; Critical x3; Range ; 9 lb.; Piercing.

Longsword

This straight, double-edged sword is the classical

knights weapon.

Longsword:  Medium-size Martial Weapon; 15

gp; Dmg 1d8; Critical 19-20/x2; Range ; 4 lb.;

Slashing.

Naginata

The naginata is a type of polearm with a long,

curved blade set atop an eight-foot shaft.  As

it is an effective weapon against opponents at

a distance but useless at close range, naginata

practitioners are taught to keep their opponents at

a distance by striking with quick, deliberate blows

and then retreating.  The naginata is the traditional

weapon of the female warriors of several martial

arts but it is by no means restricted to use by

women.  A naginata has a reach of 10 feet but

cannot be used to attack adjacent targets.

Naginata:  Large Martial Weapon; 20 gp; Dmg

1d10; Critical x3; Range ; 10 lb.; Slashing.

Pick, Heavy or Light

A pick is designed to concentrate its force on

a small, penetrating point.  A light or heavy

pick resembles a miners pick but is specically

designed for war.

Pick, Heavy:  Medium-size Martial Weapon; 8 gp;

Dmg 1d6; Critical x4; Range ; 9 lb.; Piercing.

132

Pick, Light:  Small Martial Weapon; 4 gp; Dmg

1d4; Critical x4; Range ; 4 lb.; Piercing.

Pike

Almost twice as long as the greatest of longspears,

the pike is a favoured weapon amongst peasants

forced to ght more skilful and heavily armoured

enemies.  A character can strike enemies up to 20

feet away with a pike, but cannot attack anyone

within 10 feet.  If you use a ready action to set this

weapon against a charge, you deal double damage

if you score a hit against a charging character.

Pike:  Large Martial Weapon; 10 gp; Dmg 1d10;

Critical x3; Range ; 17 lb.; Piercing.

Ranseur

A ranseur has reach of 10 feet.  The weapon cannot

be used against an adjacent foe.  With a ranseur,

add a +2 bonus on opposed attack rolls when

attempting to disarm an opponent (including the

roll to avoid being disarmed if the character fails to

disarm the opponent).

THE ARMOURY

Scythe

While it resembles the standard farm implement

of the same name, this scythe is balanced and

strengthened for war.  The design of the scythe

focuses tremendous force on the sharp point as

well as allowing devastating slashes with the blade

edge.

Scythe:  Large Martial Weapon; 18 gp; Dmg 2d4;

Critical x4; Range ; 12 lb.; Piercing and Slashing.

Shield Hook

This 10-foot-long staff with a thick iron hook on

its end is ineffective at causing damage but is very

handy at pulling a shield down and away.  Hooking

a shield requires a successful melee attack roll,

which causes no damage.  Once a shield is hooked,

it provides no armour bonus to its wielder for the

remainder of the round in which it was hooked.  At

the beginning of the following round, the shields

wielder regains control of his shield and once

again benets from its protection.  A shield hook is

a reach weapon.

Ranseur:  Large Martial Weapon; 10 gp; Dmg

2d4; Critical x3; Range ; 15 lb.; Piercing.

Shield Hook:  Large Martial Weapon; 25 gp; Dmg

1d2; Critical x2; Range ; 8 lb.; Piercing.

Rapier

Use the Weapon Finesse feat to apply a characters

Dexterity modier instead of the Strength modier

to attack rolls with a rapier.

Rapier:  Medium-size Martial Weapon; 20 gp;

Dmg 1d6; Critical 18-20/x2; Range ; 3 lb.;

Piercing.

Sap

A sap comes in handy when a character wants to

knock an opponent out instead of killing him.

Sap:  Small Martial Weapon; 1 gp; Dmg 1d6

subdual; Critical x2; Range ; 3 lb.; Bludgeoning.

Scimitar

The curve on this blade makes the weapons edge

effectively sharper.

Scimitar:  Medium-size Martial Weapon; 15

gp; Dmg 1d6; Critical 18-20/x2; Range ; 4 lb.;

Slashing.

Springspear

Designed to deliver maximum impact in close

quarters, the haft of this spear collapses around

a high-tension spring.  When the weapon is

triggered, the front of the spear is propelled

forward at high speed to impale any foe foolish

enough to be standing in front of it.  Unfortunately,

the weapon can only spring a single time before

it must be reset.  The weapon can still be used

as a standard short spear, however.  Resetting

a springspear requires three full rounds and a

successful Strength check (DC 20).

Springspear:  Medium-size Martial Weapon; 100

gp; Dmg 2d6; Critical x4; Range ; 7 lb.; Piercing.

Sword, Broad

This is the sword of classical antiquity, surviving

in some form or fashion throughout the ages.

Broad swords are tted with a basket hilt that

grants a +4 circumstance bonus to checks made for

opposed attack rolls when an enemy attempts to

disarm the wielder.

Sword, Broad:  Medium-size Martial Weapon; 35

gp; Dmg 2d4; Critical 19-20/x2; Range ; 5 lb.;

Slashing.

133

THE ARMOURY

Sword, Crystal

Created rst as an ornament by elven artisans,

weaponsmiths chiselled great chunks of crystal

growing in caverns into blades and treated them

with a special process that still bafes other

craftsmen around the world.  Crystal swords can

have the length of short, long and greatswords,

dealing the same damage and acting in all respects

like a normal sword.  If the character chooses to

deal subdual damage, however, the sword deals an

extra 1d6 points due to the crystals reverberation

when striking with the at of the blade.

Greatsword, Crystal:  Large Martial Weapon;

150 gp; Dmg 2d6; Critical 19-20/x2; Range ; 12

lb.; Slashing.

Longsword, Crystal:  Medium-size Martial

Weapon; 45 gp; Dmg 1d8; Critical 19-20/x2;

Range ; 3 lb.; Slashing.

Sword, Short, Crystal:  Small Martial Weapon;

30 gp; Dmg 1d6; Critical 19-20/x2; Range ; 2 lb.;

Piercing.

Sword, Short

This sword is popular as an off-hand weapon or as

a primary weapon for Small characters.

Sword, Short:  Small Martial Weapon; 10 gp;

Dmg 1d6; Critical 19-20/x2; Range ; 2 lb.;

Piercing.

Sword, Singing

A favourite weapon among practitioners of esoteric

ghting styles, this sword has grooves carved

along the blade that create a haunting sound as the

wielder ghts.  The distracting sound gives a +1

circumstance bonus to all Bluff checks for feint

combat actions initiated by the wielder.

Sword Cane:  Medium-size Martial Weapon; 35

gp; Dmg 1d6; Critical 18-20/x2; Range ; 3 lb.;

Piercing.

Sword Gauntlet

Usually seen within gladiatorial arenas, this

weapon is a simple combination of a metal

gauntlet onto which is attached a carefully-honed

longsword blade.  Many gladiators gain a strong

following amongst the crowds they entertain by

wearing one on each arm.  The sword-gauntlet

feels extremely natural in use, though it severely

restricts the use of the hand it is strapped to  all

Dexterity-based checks requiring the use of the

hand suffer a 4 circumstance penalty.  However,

the strong xture of the weapon results in the

wielder being completely immune to any attempts

to disarm him.

Sword Gauntlet:  Medium-size Martial Weapon;

45 gp; Dmg 1d8; Critical 18-20/x2; Range ; 6 lb.;

Slashing.

Sword-Pike

Often incorrectly identied as an elaborate spear,

the sword-pike is a polearm with a longsword

blade mounted as a head.  Used to both thrust and

slash at enemies, it is capable of causing a lot of

damage, though it does not have the reach of the

larger polearms.  If you use a ready action to set

this weapon against a charge, you deal double

damage if you score a hit against a charging

character.

Sword, Singing:  Medium-size Martial Weapon;

20 gp; Dmg 1d8; Critical 19-20/x2; Range ; 4 lb.;

Slashing.

Sword-Pike:  Large Martial Weapon; 36 gp; Dmg

1d10; Critical 19-20/x2; Range ; 18 lb.; Slashing/

Piercing.

Sword Cane

A cunning weapon favoured by nobles, the sword

cane has a thin, pointed blade.  However, it is

usually concealed within an ornate walking cane,

often leaving enemies completely unaware that

their target is indeed armed with a lethal weapon.

A character may use the Weapon Finesse feat to

apply his Dexterity modier instead of Strength to

all attack rolls with the sword cane.

Trident

This three-tined, piercing weapon can be thrown

just as a halfspear or shortspear can be, but its

range increment is shorter because it is not as

aerodynamic as those other weapons.  If you use

a ready action to set the trident against a charge,

134

you deal double damage if you score a hit against a

charging character.

Trident:  Large Martial Weapon; 15 gp; Dmg 1d8;

Critical 23; Range 10 ft.; 5 lb.; Piercing.

Tulwar

As a heavy-

ended sabre,

the tulwar is an easy

weapon to use and extremely

functional.  However, its down-turned

blade, intended to catch opponents off guard with

a variety of different slash and thrust angles, is

mostly theoretic in principle and brings no real

advantage to combat.

Tulwar:  Medium-size Martial Weapon; 22 gp;

Dmg 1d6; Critical 19-20/x2; Range ; 4 lb.;

Slashing.

War Fork

The war fork is a short polearm with two broad,

parallel sword blades afxed to the end.  These

blades can be used for stabbing, or they can be

swung like an

axe.  If readied

against charging

opponents, it

deals double

damage.

War Fork:  Large Martial Weapon; 45 gp; Dmg

1d12; Critical 19-20/x2; Range ; 15 lb.; Piercing/

Slashing.

Warhammer

A heavy mallet favoured by those who prefer to be

more blunt with their arguments.

Warhammer:  Medium-size Martial Weapon;

12 gp; Dmg 1d8; Critical x3; Range ; 8 lb.;

Bludgeoning.

War-Rake

Often little more than a commoners tool beaten

into a weapon of war, the war-rake is sometimes

favoured by ghters looking for a more esoteric

image.  Though a few such weapons are actually

forged by weaponsmiths, most are simply the

THE ARMOURY

sharpened rakes of peasants, mounted with a sharp

spike or pick.  The war-rake can be used to trip an

opponent, but if a character is tripped in return, he

need only drop the weapon to avoid being tripped.

War-Rake:  Large Martial Weapon; 5 gp; Dmg

1d8; Critical x3; Range ; 12 lb.; Piercing.

Widowmaker

A widowmaker is a huge,

double-bladed axe crafted

primarily by humanoids such

as hobgoblins.  The top portion

of each axe blade is extended

and barbed, allowing the

widowmaker to be used as a

piercing weapon, dealing 1d8

points of damage.

Widowmaker:  Large Martial

Weapon; 35 gp; Dmg 1d12 or

1d8; Critical 19-20/x3; Range

; 25 lb.; Slashing or Piercing.

Wrist Razor

A wicked looking weapon comprised of a sturdy

metal band secured to the wrist and forearm with

two or three large blades extending out above and

beyond the hand.  Such blades can be anything up

to a foot or more in length and allow the wielder

to ght in the style of a wild cat, scratching and

clawing at his enemy, gouging great slashing

wounds.  They are usually worn as a pair and

entire styles of ghting have sprung up regarding

their use.  More practical adventurers, however,

often wear them in addition to using a more

normal weapon, such as a sword.  The wrist razors

do not impede the use of any other weapon, though

shields are impossible to carry and

provide a superior offence should

the main weapon be lost through

a disarming or

similar disaster.

Wrist Razor:

Small Martial Weapon; 65 gp; Dmg 1d4; Critical

18-20/x2; Range ; 5 lb.; Slashing.

Martial Ranged

Weapons

While many professional ghters relish the

clash of metal on metal in melee combat, many

adventurers swear by their ranged weaponry.  An

135

THE ARMOURY

enemy killed at great range is one who will never

threaten you with his sword.  While there are few

tasks at which bows and crossbows do not excel,

further developments of their design and entirely

new weapons still have a place and should be

carefully weighed by the adventurer looking to

gain a crucial edge over his enemies.

Knife, Spider Throwing

A wickedly sharp and multi-

bladed dagger, this weapon is

well balanced for throwing in

a horizontal fashion, where its

multiple blades can cause serious

wounds upon any target.

Axe, Throwing

A throwing axe is lighter than a handaxe and

balanced for throwing.

Knife, Spider Throwing:  Tiny Martial Weapon;

10 gp; Dmg 1d4; Critical 19-20/x3; Range 20 ft.; 2

lb.; Piercing.

Axe, Throwing:  Small Martial Weapon; 8 gp;

Dmg 1d6; Critical x2; Range 10 ft.; 4 lb.; Slashing.

Bladed Bow

An innovation in bow-design, the bladed bow is

generally viewed by experienced ghters as taking

away far more than it gives.  Taking the form of a

longbow with a thin-but-well-sharpened blade at

one end, the weapon is intended to give archers a

defensive weapon when charged in melee combat.

However, the blade is no substitute for a good

sword and the bow itself is heavier than other

designs, but only has the pulling power of a short

bow, greatly reducing its effectiveness.  However,

it sees use in some mercenary companies simply

because an archer need not waste precious time

in swapping weapons when charged by an enemy.

The rst set of characteristics are used when the

bladed bow res an arrow.  The second set are used

when the bladed bow is used as a melee weapon.

Bladed Bow:  Large Martial Weapon; 95 gp; Dmg

1d6 or 1d4; Critical x3 or x2; Range 60 ft.; 4 lb.;

Piercing or Slashing.

Bolt Driver

Looking something like a crossbow without a

prod, this ranged weapon uses a steel spring to

propel a very heavy bolt over a short distance.

Favoured by dwarves for battling in close quarters

where normal ranged weapons are ineffective, the

bolt driver may also be used in conjunction with a

crossbow shield.  The bolt driver must be reloaded

after every attack, requiring a full-round action to

prepare the weapon for use.

Bolt Driver:  Medium-size Martial Weapon; 100

gp; Dmg 2d10; Critical x3; Range 10 ft.; 10 lb.;

Piercing.

Longbow

A character needs at least two hands to use a bow,

regardless of the size of the bow.  This bow is too

big to use while mounted.

Longbow:  Large Martial Weapon; 75 gp; Dmg

1d8; Critical x3; Range 100 ft.; 3 lb.; Piercing.

Longbow, Composite

A character needs at least two hands to use a bow,

regardless of the size of the bow.  A character

must be at least Medium-size to use this bow

while mounted.  Composite bows are made from

laminated horn, wood or bone and built with

a recurve, meaning that the bow remains bow-

shaped even when unstrung.  They can be made

with especially heavy pulls to take advantage of a

characters above-average Strength.

Longbow, Composite:  Large Martial Weapon;

100 gp; Dmg 1d8; Critical x3; Range 110 ft.; 3 lb.;

Piercing.

Longbow, Composite, Mighty:  (+1) 200 gp; (+2)

300 gp; (+3) 400 gp; (+4) 500 gp.

Pilum

The pilum is a highly sophisticated spear,

following a design intended to cripple an enemys

ability to ght effectively.  The shaft of the pilum

has a locking pin two thirds of the way along

its length, designed to snap upon impact and so

denying an enemy the chance to throw the weapon

back at the wielder in battle.  A pilum, once thrown

or upon striking a target, may not be used again

until the locking pin has been replaced (additional

pins cost 1sp each).  In addition, pilums are often

thrown at an enemys shield with the aim of it

becoming wedged and making the shield useless

in a subsequent melee.  Upon any successful attack

with a pilum, a character may choose to cause no

damage but instead cause his target to lose any

shield bonus to his Armour Class.  It takes a full-

136

round action to remove the pilum and make the

shield useable once more.

Pilum:  Medium-size Martial Weapon; 12 gp;

Dmg 1d6; Critical x3; Range 20 ft.; 5 lb.; Piercing.

Shortbow

A character must use two hands to use a bow,

regardless of the size of the bow.  A character who

is Medium-size or larger can use this bow while

mounted.

Shortbow:  Medium-size Martial Weapon; 30 gp;

Dmg 1d6; Critical x3; Range 60 ft.; 2 lb.; Piercing.

Shortbow, Composite

A character must use at least two hands to use

a bow, regardless of the size of the bow.  A

character who is Small or larger can use this bow

while mounted.  Composite bows are made from

laminated horn, wood or bone and built with

a recurve, meaning that the bow remains bow-

shaped even when unstrung.  They can be made

with especially heavy pulls to take advantage of a

characters above-average Strength.

Shortbow, Composite:  Medium-size Martial

Weapon; 75 gp; Dmg 1d6; Critical x3; Range 70

ft.; 2 lb.; Piercing.

Shortbow, Composite, Mighty:  (+1) 150 gp;

(+2) 225 gp.

Staff Sling

A simple invention of a sling attached to the end

of a ve-to-six-foot-long pole, this weapon greatly

advances the use of sling bullets.  By using the

poles length to greatly increase the momentum

of the bullets launched, the projectiles can leave

the weapon at frightening speeds, causing great

damage upon impact.  The staff sling uses normal

sling bullets.

Staff Sling:  Large Martial Weapon; 3 gp; Dmg

1d6; Critical x2; Range 80 ft.; 3 lb.; Bludgeoning.

Exotic Melee

Weapons

There are many weapons available that take a

considerable amount of skill to use effectively.

137

THE ARMOURY

Some may be weighted oddly or be unbalanced to

such a degree that only many hours training in their

use allows them to be wielded effectively in battle.

However, adventurers may turn to such difcult-

to-use weapons for many reasons.  Many, when

wielded by a true expert, a far more lethal than

martial weapons, or they may be designed to full

specic functions that cannot be attempted with

any other item.  Many adventurers, however, will

choose such exotic weapons simply to be different

from every other longsword-wielding warrior in

town and so further their own reputations.

Adarga

A weapon designed for parrying, the adarga is

a small, spiked shield attached to a short spear.

This is functionally a double weapon, allowing

the wielder to ght as if wielding two weapons.

If done so, the character incurs all the normal

penalties when ghting with two weapons, as if

he were wielding a one-handed weapon and a

light weapon.  If wielded in one hand, it may not

be used as a double weapon but confers the same

bonuses as a buckler.

Adgarda:  Medium-size Exotic Weapon; 25 gp;

Dmg 1d6/1d6; Critical x3/x2; Range ; 5 lb.;

Piercing.

Axe, Orc Double

An orc double axe is a double weapon.  A creature

using a double weapon in one hand cannot use it as

a double weapon.

Axe, Orc Double:  Large Exotic Weapon; 60

gp; Dmg 1d8/1d8; Critical x3; Range ; 25 lb.;

Slashing.

Ba Gua Dao

The ba gua dao is a much larger and heavier

version of the dao, four feet long and weighing

far more.  The shape and balance of the ba gua

dao preclude its use as a one-handed weapon by

anyone of less than Large size.  In combat and

forms practice the dao is kept extremely close to

the body, often held vertically with one palm at

against the midpoint of the blade and swung

by sharp twists of the waist coupled with quick

circular footwork.  The sheer size of the ba gua

dao, coupled with its footwork training, is a great

defensive asset  the wielder gains a +1 bonus to

AC that stacks with armour as a shield would.

Ba Gua Dao:  Large Exotic Weapon; 50 gp; Dmg

1d8; Critical 19-20/x2; Range ; 8 lb.; Slashing.

THE ARMOURY

Beads, Assassins

Though the practice is frowned upon, some

unscrupulous adventurers hide garrotte wires

within prayer beads.  The wire is usually kept

spooled within a pair of hollowed-out prayer

beads  as a free action, the wielder can tug on the

beads, separating them and exposing the garrotte.

Assassins beads add +1 to the Fortitude DC of a

garrotte attack.

Beads, Assassins:  Medium-size Exotic Weapon;

10 gp; Dmg 1d8; Critical x2; Range ; 2 lb.;

Bludgeoning.

Bladed Cloak

Bladed cloaks are stealthy

weapons that are not easily

detected by casual observation,

thus they are useful for combat

in places where weapons would

not normally be allowed.  A

character is always considered

armed when wearing a bladed

cloak, thus he need not draw his

weapon to make an attack.  The

bladed cloak may not be disarmed or

sundered.

Bladed Cloak:  Large Exotic Weapon; 40 gp; Dmg

1d6; Critical 19-20/x2; Range ; 8 lb.; Slashing.

Chain, Spiked

A spiked chain has reach of 10 feet.  In addition,

the weapon can be used against an adjacent foe.

Because the chain can wrap around an enemys

leg or other limb, a trip attack can be made with

it.  If a character using a Spiked Chain is tripped

during the characters trip attempt, the chain can be

dropped to avoid being tripped.

When using a spiked chain, add a +2 bonus

on the opposed attack roll when attempting to

disarm an opponent (including the roll to avoid

being disarmed if the character fails to disarm his

opponent).

Use the Weapon Finesse feat to apply a characters

Dexterity modier instead of the Strength modier

to attack rolls with a spiked chain.

Chain, Spiked:  Large Exotic Weapon; 25 gp;

Dmg 2d4; Critical x2; Range ; 15 lb.; Piercing.

Cicada Wing Sword

Also called a Chan Zi Dao, or buttery wing

sword, the cicada wing sword is a two-foot iron

bar with a short, single-edged sword blade at

each end and two, sharp, crescent-shaped hand

guards afxed to the bar.  A cicada wing sword is

a double weapon and may be used as if ghting

with two weapons, but doing so incurs all of the

normal attack penalties associated with ghting

with two weapons (although the off-hand weapon

is considered light).  A creature using a cicada

wing sword in one hand cannot use it as a double

weapon.

Cicada Wing Sword:  Large Exotic Weapon; 120

gp; Dmg 1d6/1d6; Critical 19-20/x2; Range ; 10

lb.; Slashing.

Club, Wolfs Teeth

A wolfs teeth club is a one-foot long, wickedly

barbed steel head set atop a ve-foot long haft.

Wolfs teeth club forms are short and to the point,

concentrating on crude but effective hammer

blows and fast jabs with the tip of the club.  A

character can inict fearsome wounds with the

club  a successful critical hit causes the victim

to lose an additional hit point each round until

the wound is bound (Heal DC 15).  The effects of

multiple critical hits are cumulative but creatures

that are immune

to critical hits

or blood loss

ignore the effect.

Club, Wolfs Teeth:  Large Exotic Weapon; 35 gp;

Dmg 1d10; Critical x4; Range ; 20 lb.; Piercing

and Bludgeoning.

Dagger, Double-Bladed

Consisting of two blades mounted together upon

a central hilt, the double-bladed dagger is lethal in

the hands of a skilled wielder who can constantly

whirl the blades around to confuse opponents

before striking with lethal force.  The double-

bladed dagger functions as a double weapon.  A

character may ght with it as if ghting with two

weapons, with all the usual penalties incurred.  It

may not be used as a double weapon if another

weapon is also

being used.

138

Dagger, Double-Bladed:  Tiny Exotic Weapon; 8

gp; Dmg 1d4/1d4; Critical 19-20/x2; Range ; 2

lb.; Piercing.

Dragon Head Stick

A rare weapon,

the long tao gun

ban, or dragon

head stick, is not

a stick at all but is

a six-foot length

of thin chain with a

metal weight shaped like

a dragons head at one end and a

barbed metal dart at the other.  A dragon

head stick is a double weapon and if used as such

incurs all the normal attack penalties associated

with ghting with two weapons (although the

off-hand weapon is considered light).  A dragon

head stick can also be used to make trip attacks.

If the wielder is tripped during his trip attempt,

he can drop the weapon to avoid being tripped.

The Weapon Finesse feat can be applied to add

Dexterity modiers instead of Strength modiers

to attack rolls with a dragon head stick.  A dragon

head stick can also be used to disarm an opponent,

adding a +2 bonus to disarm attempts.

Dragon Head Stick:  Medium-size Exotic

Weapon; 10 gp; Dmg 1d4/1d4; Critical x2; Range

; 3 lb.; Bludgeoning/Piercing.

Emei Piercers

An emei piercer is a long, steel needle, between

nine inches and one foot long, sharpened on both

ends, with a ring for the index nger attached

to the middle on one side.  When worn, an emei

piercer can be easily concealed under long sleeves

and an outstretched palm, making them useful

in discreet assassinations.  Emei Piercers grant a

+4 circumstance bonus to checks made to resist

Disarm attempts.

Emei Piercers:  Tiny Exotic Weapon; 2 gp; Dmg

1d4; Critical x4; Range ;  lb.; Piercing.

Flail, Dire

A dire ail is a double weapon.  A creature using

a double weapon in one hand cannot use it as a

double weapon.

With a dire ail, add a +2 bonus on the opposed

attack roll when attempting to disarm an enemy

(including the opposed attack roll to avoid being

THE ARMOURY

disarmed if the character fails to disarm the

enemy).

A character can use this weapon to make trip

attacks.  If a character is tripped during his trip

attempt, the dire ail can be dropped to avoid

being tripped.

Flail, Dire:  Large Exotic Weapon; 90 gp; Dmg

1d8/1d8; Critical x2; Range ; 20 lb.; Bludgeoning.

Flamberge

The amberge is a huge sword, born from legend,

and many ghters are keen to wield one when

seeking to gain a reputation for themselves.

Forged with a waved blade, the design greatly

increases the surface area available for swings,

allowing a ghter to cut through his opponents

defences with ease and cause crippling damage.  It

is, however, also difcult to construct and therefore

expensive.

Flamberge:  Large Exotic Weapon; 150 gp; Dmg

2d6; Critical 18-20/x2; Range ; 16 lb.; Slashing.

Flametongue

The ametongue has a similar blade to the

amberge, being extremely wavy in design.  This

confers many of the advantages of the larger

sword to this dagger,

allowing it to cause

crippling damage

against an enemy.

Flametongue:  Tiny Exotic Weapon; 40 gp; Dmg

1d4; Critical 18-20/x2; Range ; 2 lb.; Piercing.

Hammer, Meteor

A meteor hammer is simply a solid, metal ball

attached to a 15-foot length of rope.  The wielder

attacks by quickly shooting the metal ball out with

a punch or kick and then pulling it back in one

smooth motion, powering his strikes by coiling

the rope around his elbows, neck, back, legs and

arms.  A character wielding a meteor hammer

threatens a radius of 10 feet and can attack freely

anywhere within that radius.  In addition, a monk

can use his more favourable number of attacks and

urry of blows ability.  However, using the meteor

139

THE ARMOURY

hammer requires full

concentration  the wielder

can only attack using the

full attack action, limiting

his movement to a ve-foot

step in any round he wishes

to attack.  Also, since a

meteor hammer attacks with

linear, rather than circular

blows, it cannot be used in

conjunction with trip attempts.  A meteor hammer

can benet from the Weapon Finesse feat.

Meteor Hammer:  Medium-size Exotic Weapon;

12 gp; Dmg 1d6; Critical x2; Range ; 1 lb.;

Bludgeoning.

Iron Fan

An iron fan is a well-crafted fan with iron spines

covered with either paper or silk and decorated

with elaborate landscapes or animal motifs.  Iron

fans are common in noble courts, serving as both

accessory and subtle protection.  Most attacks are

thrusts to the vitals made when the fan is closed,

though the universally intricate and graceful fan

forms teach practitioners to open and close their

fans with a quick ick of the wrist, the loud snap

serving as a distraction to opponents.  In addition,

the iron fan grants a +2 circumstance bonus to

Bluff checks when attempting to feint in combat.

Iron Fan:  Small Exotic Weapon; 25 gp; Dmg

1d6; Critical x3; Range 10 ft.; 1 lb.; Bludgeoning.

Kama or Haling Kama

A monk using a kama can strike with his unarmed

base attack, including his more favourable number

of attacks per round, along with other applicable

attack modiers.

Kama:  Small Exotic Weapon; 2 gp; Dmg 1d6;

Critical x2; Range ; 2 lb.; Slashing.

Kama, Haling:  Tiny Exotic Weapon; 2 gp; Dmg

1d4; Critical x2; Range ; 1 lb.; Slashing.

Kukri

This heavy, curved dagger has its sharp edge on the

inside of the curve.

Kukri:  Tiny Exotic Weapon; 8 gp; Dmg 1d4;

Critical 18-20/x2; Range ; 3 lb.; Slashing.

Mancatcher

The mancatcher is a polearm used to aid

grapple attacks.  By striking an opponent

at range, he may be held immobile and

unable to strike back.  The mancatcher

also has sharp spikes within its large,

metal and spring-loaded grips that can

cause a considerable amount of pain for

anyone trapped within this weapons

grasp.  The mancatcher has a reach of

10 feet.  If used to grapple, it does not

provoke an attack of opportunity and a

+2 competence bonus is granted to the

Grapple check.  Once an opponent is

grappled, a character may opt to deal

1d3 points of damage automatically in

every round they are held.

Mancatcher:  Large Exotic Weapon; 40

gp; Dmg 1d3; Critical ; Range ; 12 lb.;

Piercing.

Nunchaku or Haling

Nunchaku

A monk using a nunchaku ghts with his unarmed

base attack, including his more favourable number

of attacks per round, along with other applicable

attack modiers.

Nunchaku:  Small Exotic Weapon; 2 gp; Dmg

1d6; Critical /x2; Range ; 2 lb.; Bludgeoning.

Nunchaku, Haling:  Tiny Exotic Weapon; 2 gp;

Dmg 1d4; Critical x2; Range ; 1 lb.; Bludgeoning.

Ribbon Daggers

Ribbon daggers consist of a small, at blade and

a series of ribbons or strings for the handle.  The

user spins the weapon much like a sling.  The

benet of these weapons is in concealment.

Because the blade is so small, it can be placed

on or in clothing, leaving only brightly coloured

ribbons showing.  This weapon is used mostly by

entertainers who want a little extra protection.

Ribbon Daggers:  Tiny Exotic Weapon; 1 gp;

Dmg 1d3; Critical x2; Range 20 ft.; 1/5 lb.;

Piercing.

140

Rock Crusher

This massive hammer was originally designed to

crush chunks of rock into even smaller chunks of

rock for smelting in dwarven furnaces.  During a

drow invasion of a dwarf stronghold though, it was

discovered that it works well as a weapon and is

quite capable of crushing armour.  Unfortunately,

the weapon is also very slow and may only be

swung as a full-round action.  On a successful

critical hit, any armour worn by the target of the

attack must make a Fortitude save (DC 10 + the

total damage caused by the attack) or lose one

point of armour bonus for every ve hit points of

damage caused by the attack.  Armour reduced to

an armour bonus of 0 is considered destroyed and

may not be repaired.  Damaged armour may be

repaired by a Craft (armoursmith) check (DC 15 +

1 per point of armour bonus reduction) or taking

it to a skilled armoursmith and paying 10% of the

armours cost per point of armour bonus to restore.

Rock Crusher:  Large Exotic Weapon; 50

gp; Dmg 3d4; Critical x2; Range ; 40 lb.;

Bludgeoning.

Rooster Blade

Resembling a attened, all-metal

tonfa with elaborate protrusions

and a spear-like thrusting head,

the xiong dao, or rooster

blade, is used to stab.

Rooster blades are

normally used in

pairs.

Rooster Blade:  Small Exotic Weapon; 16 gp;

Dmg 1d6; Critical x3; Range ; 2 lb.; Piercing.

Siangham or Haling Siangham

A monk using a siangham ghts with his unarmed

base attack, including his more favourable number

of attacks per round, along with other applicable

attack modiers.  The haling siangham is for

Small monks.

Siangham:  Small Exotic Weapon; 3 gp; Dmg

1d6; Critical x2; Range ; 1 lb.; Piercing.

Siangham, Haling:  Tiny Exotic Weapon; 2 gp;

Dmg 1d4; Critical x2; Range ; 1 lb.; Piercing.

Spear, Snake

A snake spear consists of a one-foot-long kris-

style spearhead mounted on a six-foot haft.  The

wavy  design allows the blade to slip past bone to

THE ARMOURY

the targets vulnerable organs more readily, but the

weapons heavy forward balance makes it difcult

to use.

Spear, Snake:  Large Exotic Weapon; 20 gp; Dmg

1d8; Critical 19-20/x2; Range ; 5 lb.; Piercing.

Staff-Spear

This weapon resembles a normal quarterstaff

and can be used as such.  However, pressing two

switches on the handle causes spearheads to spring

forth at each end of the staff, either simultaneously

or one at a time.

Characters that co-ordinate the release of the

spear head with a successful attack roll inict a

bonus +1d6 damage.  Retracting a spear head is

a standard action that does not provoke an attack

of opportunity and users can retract both heads as

a full-round action.  The staff-spear is a double

weapon and incurs all the normal attack penalties

associated with ghting with two weapons

(although the off-hand weapon is considered light).

Staff-Spear:  Large Exotic Weapon; 10 gp; Dmg

1d6/1d6 or 1d6/1d8 or 1d8/1d8; Critical x2; Range

; 6 lb.; Bludgeoning or Piercing.

Sword, Bastard

A bastard sword is too large to use in one hand

without special training; thus, it is an exotic

weapon.  A Medium-size character can use a

bastard sword two-handed as a martial weapon, or

a Large creature can use it one-handed in the same

way.

Sword, Bastard:  Medium-size Exotic Weapon;

35 gp; Dmg 1d10; Critical 19-20/x2; Range ; 10

lb.; Slashing.

Sword, Crescent

The crescent sword is a peculiar looking weapon

that takes a great deal of practice to use effectively.

Appearing as a greatly exaggerated scimitar, the

blade can curve back almost all the way back to

the wielder.  This grants the crescent sword the

ability to bend right around a shield when swung,

rendering it completely ineffective.

So long as the wielder has the Exotic

Weapon Prociency in the crescent

sword, then any shield bonus to Armour

Class an enemy has is ignored.  Users

without the

Exotic Weapon

141

THE ARMOURY

Prociency in this weapon may still use the

crescent sword effectively and without penalty, but

will not gain this bonus.

Sword, Crescent:  Medium-size Exotic Weapon;

30 gp; Dmg 1d6; Critical x2; Range ; 4 lb.;

Slashing.

Sword, Skirmish

This is the trademark weapon of elite elven foot-

warriors.  It consists of a long handle topped on

one end by a curved blade the size of a short sword

with a single edge and by a sharp spear point on

the other.  This is a double weapon that permits its

wielder to deal an extra off-hand attack.  It can be

used with one hand, sacricing the off-hand attack

and the wielder may use the spear point to attack

while grappled or in close quarters.

Sword, Skirmish:  Medium-size Exotic Weapon;

25 gp; Dmg 1d6/1d4; Critical 19-20/x2; Range ; 5

lb.; Slashing/Piercing.

Sword, Tiger Hook

A tiger hook sword is a three-foot-long blade,

the rst six inches of which is curved sharply

forward like a shhook.  The wielders hands

are protected by a crescent blade and the base of

the hilt is sharpened to a spear point.  Tiger hook

sword ghting styles specialise in disarming and

tripping techniques, and tiger hook swords give a

+2 circumstance bonus to all attempts to Disarm

or Trip.  Additionally, a character with the Two

Weapon Fighting feat who uses paired tiger hook

swords can link the weapons together by their

hooks and swing them as one, long-range weapon

 the character is considered to have a 10-foot

reach, but cannot attack adjacent foes.  Linking

tiger hook swords together is a move-equivalent

action.

Sword, Tiger Hook:  Medium-size Exotic

Weapon; 20 gp; Dmg 1d8; Critical x3; Range ; 5

lb.; Slashing.

Sword, Two-Bladed

A two-bladed sword is a double weapon.  A

creature using a double weapon in one hand cannot

use it as a double weapon.

Sword, Two-Bladed:  Large Exotic Weapon; 100

gp; Dmg 1d8/1d8; Critical 19-20/x2; Range ; 30

lb.; Slashing.

Sword-Breaker

A cunning

weapon

designed to

catch, twist and

break an opponents blade, this is often used as an

off-hand weapon by duellists and fencers.  Only

swords and daggers may be broken by this weapon

 others must be destroyed using the normal rules

for striking at a weapon (see Core Rulebook I).

A character must declare at the start of a combat

round that no attacks will be made with the sword-

breaker.  Instead, he holds the weapon back, ready

to catch an enemys blade  this is why many

ghters use sword-breakers as off-hand weapons.

An attempt to break a weapon may be made

whenever an opponent fails in an attack roll against

the character.  Both combatants immediately

make an opposed Dexterity check as the character

attempts to catch the blade, while the enemy tries

to pull it back quickly.  Masterworked sword-

breakers will add a +1 circumstance bonus to this

check.  If successful at catching his enemys blade,

the character must make a Strength check at a DC

equal to the combined hardness and hit points of

the weapon.  If successful, his opponents weapon

is automatically broken.  Failure will result in no

damage being done to the weapon at all.  Sword-

breakers may not break a weapon with a higher

enchantment bonus than they possess themselves.

Sword-Breaker:  Small Exotic Weapon; 16

gp; Dmg 1d4; Critical 19-20/x2; Range ; 3 lb.;

Slashing.

Sword-Catcher

Smaller than the sword-

breaker, this dagger-sized

weapon is based around the same principle, forged

with two prongs that allow it to trap and break

swords.  The full rules for breaking an opponents

blade can be found in the sword-breakers

description.

Sword-Catcher:  Tiny Exotic Weapon; 9 gp; Dmg

1d3; Critical 19-20/x2; Range ; 1 lb.; Piercing.

Waraxe, Dwarven

A dwarven waraxe is too large to use in one

hand without special training; thus, it is an exotic

weapon.  A Medium-size character can use a

dwarven waraxe two-handed as a martial weapon,

or a Large creature can use it one-handed in the

same way.

142

Waraxe, Dwarven:  Medium-size Exotic Weapon;

30 gp; Dmg 1d10; Critical x3; Range ; 15 lb.;

Slashing.

Exotic Ranged

Weapons

Exotic ranged weapons are some of the most

sophisticated devices an adventurer will ever own

and most are incredibly expensive.  Add to this the

immense difculty in using them in battle without

a great deal of training and it is clear why so few

are ever seen.  However, for the adventurer looking

for the ultimate in ranged killing capability, this is

certainly the place to look.  Here can be found the

most potent and lethal devices designed to slay at

incredible ranges, long before an enemy becomes a

real threat in melee combat.

Artengak

This is a throwing spear adorned with a needle-thin

spike at its end that ensures it rarely gets trapped

within an enemys esh or amour.  Unlike many

other spears, the artengak has a leather strap for

easy recovery.  When thrown, the wielder makes

a Reex save (DC 15).  If successful, the he can

snatch the leather strap and thereby recover the

weapon as a move-equivalent action.

Artengak:  Medium-size Exotic Weapon; 4 gp;

Dmg 1d6; Critical x3; Range ; 4 lb.; Piercing.

Blowgun

A long, hollow tube

designed to re poisoned

needles, the blowgun is a

favoured weapon amongst assassins

and rogues who often employ toxins.  While a

blowguns needles deal only 1 point of damage on

a hit, they can deliver injury and contact poisons.

The needles deal no damage and cannot poison

a target with a +1 or greater armour bonus or a

natural armour bonus of at least +3.

Blowgun:  Medium-size Exotic Weapon; 10 gp;

Dmg 1; Critical x2; Range 10 ft.; 2 lb.; Piercing.

Needle, Blowgun (20):  1 sp.

Bolas, Three-Ball

The three-ball bolas is made from three, heavy,

wooden or metal spheres connected by a length of

chain or strong cord, and is a weapon designed to

both damage and trip an opponent at range.  When

you throw the three-ball bolas, make a ranged

THE ARMOURY

touch attack against the target.  If you hit, the

target is tripped and may not trip you.  If the target

fails a Grapple check versus your attack roll, they

are also grappled.  A three-

ball bolas may only grapple

Large or smaller creatures.

The target can

free itself from

the bolas as

a full-round

action.

Bolas, Three-Ball:  Medium-size Exotic Weapon;

15 gp; Dmg 1d6; Critical x2; Range 10 ft.; 4 lb.;

Bludgeoning.

Chakram

The chakram is a heavy, metal disc with razor-

sharp edges, designed not only to produce stable

ight when spun towards an enemy, but also to

return to the thrower if it should miss through the

use of a strong cord wound around its centre.  A

heavy metal gauntlet (included in the purchase of

a chakram) must be worn whilst wielding such

a weapon, for it is more than capable of slicing

off ngers, and even hands, as it returns at high

speed to the thrower.  The maximum range of a

chakram is 30 feet.  It is used in the same way as

any other ranged weapon but it will automatically

return to the thrower, whether it hits or misses.  If

the thrower is not wearing a metal gauntlet, it will

cause normal damage on its return.

Chakram:  Small Exotic Weapon; 35 gp; Dmg

1d8; Critical x3; Range 10 ft.; 3 lb.; Slashing.

Crossbow, Aquatic

Based around the light crossbow, this aquatic

adaptation can be extremely hard to nd, even in

prosperous ports.  The string is constructed from

many wrapped twines of waxed sinew, the wood

treated and all metal parts made of brass to resist

the corrosive effects of constant immersion in

seawater.  The bolts are uted and spin slightly

in ight, thus enabling the weapon to be used

underwater far more effectively than conventional

crossbows.  When used underwater, the aquatic

crossbow does not suffer any penalties to its

range increment, though all other penalties for

underwater combat still apply.  On dry land, this

weapon is treated as an ordinary light crossbow.

Crossbow, Aquatic:  Small Exotic Weapon; 175

gp; Dmg 1d8; Critical 19-20/x2; Range 30 ft.; 5

lb.; Piercing.

Aquatic Crossbow Bolts (10);  2 gp; 1 lb.

143

THE ARMOURY

Crossbow, Bracer

The sea elves response to the hand crossbow,

this weapon is mounted on a metal bracer that

clasps normally around its wielders wrist.  The

bracer has a central groove for the bolt, a notch

at the close end and a trigger extending forward.

The weapon is loaded with both hands, but red

with only one.  The crossbows arms can collapse

inward, giving the wielder a +4 bonus to any check

required to hide it under clothing or bandaging.  It

remains usable underwater.

Crossbow, Bracer:  Tiny Exotic Weapon; 85 gp;

Dmg 1d4; Critical 19-20/x2; Range 30 ft.; 2 lb.;

Piercing.

Crossbow, Hand

Loading a hand crossbow is a move-equivalent

action that provokes attacks of opportunity.

Crossbow, Hand:  Tiny Exotic Weapon; 100 gp;

Dmg 1d4; Critical 19-20/x2; Range 30 ft.; 3 lb.;

Piercing.

Crossbow, Quad

A highly-stylised, ranged

weapon that has the

effect of always

causing enemies

to look twice in

order to make sure

of what they are

seeing.  Built around

a heavy and durable

shaft, this weapon has

four crosspieces, mounted

in pairs and at right angles

to one another.  Four bolts

may be loaded simultaneously

and they are red as with a normal crossbow,

with the wielder simply turning the weapon

ninety degrees after each shot to make ready the

next bolt.  This allows the rapid ring of what is

the equivalent of a heavy crossbow, without the

compromises of size and strength made with the

far more common repeating crossbow.  Up to

four bolts may be red according to a characters

normal number of attacks, without the need for

reloading.  No more than four bolts may ever

be loaded at any one time in the quad crossbow.

Reloading the quad crossbow requires four full

rounds which provoke attacks of opportunity.

Crossbow, Quad:  Medium-size Exotic Weapon;

395 gp; Dmg 1d10; Critical 19-20/x2; Range 120

ft.; 18 lb.; Piercing.

Crossbow, Repeating

The repeating crossbow holds ve crossbow

bolts.  While it holds bolts, the crossbow can be

shot according to a characters normal number of

attacks without reloading.  Loading a new case

of ve bolts is a full-round action that provokes

attacks of opportunity.

Crossbow, Repeating:  Medium-size Exotic

Weapon; 250 gp; Dmg 1d8; Critical 19-20/x2;

Range 80 ft.; 16 lb.; Piercing.

Cartridge, Repeating Crossbow:  1 gp; 1 lb.

Crossbow, Ried

Dwarves have

long had a love

affair with the

crossbow and

it is only natural

that they would study

its design and improve

upon it; with the ried

crossbow they have done

just that.  The ried crossbow is quite unique in

its design.  Unlike most crossbows, a ried (cut

with spiralling grooves) barrel extends from the

front of the arms of the crossbow to allow for

greater accuracy and range.  The bolts also have a

distinctive design in that they are forged in order

to get the greatest amount of use from the ried

nature of the crossbow (however, as such, the bolts

are not quite as useful for non-ried crossbows

and suffer a 1 penalty to attack rolls when used in

conjunction with such crossbows).  When using a

ried crossbow a character gains a +1 bonus to his

attack rolls.

A ried crossbow requires two hands to use

effectively, regardless of the users size.  Loading a

ried crossbow is a full-round action that provokes

attacks of opportunity.

A Medium-size or larger character can shoot,

but not load, a ried crossbow with one hand at

a -4 penalty.  A Medium-size or larger character

can shoot a ried crossbow with each hand at a

6 penalty, plus the usual -4 penalty for the off-

hand attack (-6 primary hand/-10 off hand).  The

Two-Weapon Fighting feat does not reduce these

144

penalties because it represents skill with melee

weapons, not ranged weapons.  The Ambidexterity

feat lets someone avoid the -4 off-hand penalty (-6

primary hand/-6 off hand).

Crossbow, Ried:  Medium-size Exotic Weapon;

300 gp; Dmg 1d12; Critical 19-20/x2; Range 150

ft.; 15 lb.; Piercing.

Bolts, Ried (10):  4 gp; 1 lb.

Crossbow, Siege

Often called the portable ballista, the siege

crossbow is a massive weapon of awesome power.

Impossible for a human to operate without resting

it upon a solid surface or using the foldaway

bipod on its underside, the siege crossbow is the

weapon of choice to intimidate an enemy, for its

massive bolts can make a mockery of the heaviest

of armour.  Loading a siege crossbow takes two

full-round actions, both of which will provoke an

attack of opportunity.  However, targets will not

receive an armour or shield bonus when attacked

with this weapon.

Crossbow, Siege:  Large Exotic Weapon; 250 gp;

Dmg 2d6; Critical 19-20/x2; Range 150 ft.; 24 lb.;

Piercing.

Bolts, Siege (10);  25 gp; 9 lb.

Crossbow, Snipers

A crossbow

specically

designed to

boost the

ability of a

rogue to deliver a

punishing sneak attack at long

range, the snipers crossbow

incorporates a stock-mounted

telescope and simple targeting sight that

allows a rogue to zero in on an opponents vital

points from a long distance.  When using the

snipers crossbow, a rogue may make sneak attacks

from up to 120 feet away from his target.  A

character without the required prociency with this

weapon may use it as a normal light crossbow, but

gains no benet from the scope.

Crossbow, Snipers:  Medium-size Exotic

Weapon; 350 gp; Dmg 1d8; Critical 19-20/x2;

Range 80 ft.; 7 lb.; Piercing.

THE ARMOURY

Flutegun

A favourite weapon of

bardic assassins, this

ordinary looking ute

contains a hidden blowgun mechanism.  This is an

exotic ranged weapon that can be played as a ute

and used as a missile weapon at the same time.

The needles red by the utegun do no damage

but can deliver a potent dose of poison.  The

utegun only holds one needle at a time, but can be

reloaded while playing with a successful Perform

check (DC 10).  The total Perform check becomes

the DC for any opposed Spot checks to notice the

reloading.

Flutegun:  Small Exotic Weapon; 15 gp; Dmg ;

Critical ; Range 30 ft.; Weight 3 lb.; Piercing.

Needles, Flutegun (20):  5 gp.

Footbow

A massive and

outsized weapon,

the footbow

shares much in

common with

the longbow, but is even

larger, with some stretching

over nine feet.  Commonly

used by defenders upon

higher ground, the footbow

may only be red whilst the character is prone.

Sitting down, the character places his feet in two

stirrups and then notches and arrow, drawing it

up to his chin before releasing.  Two hands and

two feet are required to re the footbow, though

creatures of large-size or greater may use it as

a normal longbow.  Two full-round actions are

required to reload this weapon.  The footbow has

an exceptional range, but requires a great deal of

practice to re accurately.

Footbow:  Large Exotic Weapon; 175 gp; Dmg

1d10; Critical x3; Range 180 ft.; 7 lb.; Piercing.

Arrows, Footbow (20):  5 gp; 6 lb.

Iron-Breaker

A curious and rare weapon, the iron-breaker is

the ultimate advance in the use of sling bullets.

Consisting of a large sheaf that is strapped to a

ghters forearm, an over-sized sling bullet is

placed within and then the whole weapon swung

with great force, imparting a huge amount of

energy to the bullet as it ies towards its target.

Though requiring great skill to use, a great deal of

damage can be caused by the iron-breaker.

145

THE ARMOURY

Iron-Breaker:

Medium-size Exotic

Weapon; 65 gp; Dmg

1d10; Critical x2;

Range 75 ft.; 6 lb.;

Bludgeoning.

Bullets, Iron-Breaker

(10):  1 gp; 10 lb.

Lariat

Commonly used to capture criminals or take

opponents prisoner, the lariat is a loop of rope

tossed over an opponent.  Once the rope is around

a foe, a knot tied into it allows the user to yank

the loop tight around his enemy.  A lariat may

be cast at an opponent up to 10 feet away.  If

the attacker hits with a ranged touch attack, the

defender is caught tight in the rope.  He suffers a

2 penalty to all attack rolls and a 4 penalty to

Dexterity.  In addition, he cannot cast any spells

with a somatic component.  The lariat has 5 hit

points and can be burst with a Strength check taken

as a full-round action (DC 25).  The target suffers

the above penalties so long as the attacker uses a

move-equivalent action each round to maintain the

lariats grip.  If the attacker lets the line go loose,

the defender may automatically shake loose of

the lariat with a move-equivalent action.  A lariat

user can pull a trapped target prone by beating the

defender in an opposed Strength check.  A lariat

is only effective against Small or Medium-size

targets.  If the attacker misses with his lariat, he

may use a move-equivalent action to pull the lariat

back in order to use it again.

Lariat:  Medium-size Exotic Weapon; 1 gp; Dmg

; Critical ; Range 10 ft. max; 8 lb.

Net

A ghting net has small barbs in the weave and a

trailing rope to control netted opponents.  It can be

used to entangle opponents.

When a net is thrown, make a ranged touch attack

against the target.  A nets maximum range is 10

feet and the character suffers no range penalties to

throw it even to its maximum range.  If the attack

is successful, the target is entangled.  An entangled

creature suffers a 2 penalty on attack rolls and a

4 penalty on effective Dexterity.  The entangled

creature can only move at half speed and cannot

charge or run.  If the character succeeds at an

opposed Strength check while holding the trailing

rope, the entangled creature can only move within

the limits that the rope allows.  If the entangled

creature attempts to cast a spell, it must succeed at

a Concentration check (DC 15) or be unable to cast

the spell.

The entangled creature can escape with an Escape

Artist check (DC 20) that is a full-round action.

The net has 5 hit points and can be burst with a

Strength check (DC 25, also a full-round action).

A net is only useful against creatures between Tiny

and Large size, inclusive.  A net must be folded

to be thrown effectively.  The rst time a net is

thrown in a ght, the attacker must make a normal

ranged touch attack roll.  After the net is unfolded,

the character suffers a -4 penalty on attack rolls

with it.  It takes two rounds for a procient user to

fold a net and twice that long for a non-procient

one to do so.

Net:  Medium-size Exotic Weapon; 20 gp; Dmg ;

Critical ; Range 10 ft. max; 10 lb.

Razor Disk Launcher

A razor disk launcher is

a simple length of wood

divided into four prongs by

two deep slits cut at a cross

along its length.  The power

of the weapon comes from

the missiles themselves:

sharp, often toothed, disks

with short central axles.

String is wound tightly around one end of a disks

axle and, when properly loaded, a procient

wielder pulls the string away quickly, causing

the disk to spin rapidly within the launcher.  The

wielder then snaps the launcher in the direction of

a target, causing the spinning disk to y towards

it.  Loading a disk and unwinding the string is a

move-equivalent action that provokes an attack of

opportunity.  Winding a string onto a disk requires

a full-round action, although disks can be wound

and stored ahead of time.  Launching a disk

without spinning it reduces the range increment to

10 feet and damage to 1d6.

Razor Disk Launcher:  Medium-size Exotic

Weapon; 1 gp; Dmg 1d10; Critical 19-20/x2;

Range 30 ft.; 2 lb.; Slashing.

Razor Disk:  5 gp; 1 lb.

Shuriken

Up to three shuriken can be thrown per attack (all

at the same target).  Do not apply the Strength

modier to damage with shuriken.  They are

146

too small to carry the extra force that a strong

character can usually impart to a thrown weapon.

double weapon, the extra cost of masterwork

weapons must be added as well.

THE ARMOURY

Shuriken:  Tiny Exotic Weapon; 1 gp; Dmg 1;

Critical x2; Range 10 ft.; 1/10 lb.; Piercing.

Whip

The whip deals subdual damage.  It deals no

damage to any creature with even a +1 armour

bonus or at least a +3 natural armour bonus.

Although the whip is kept in hand, treat it as a

projectile weapon with a maximum range of 15

feet and no range penalties.

Because the whip can wrap around an enemys leg

or other limb, trip attacks can be made with it.  If

a character is tripped during the trip attempt, the

whip can be dropped to avoid being tripped.  When

using a whip, add a +2 bonus on the opposed

attack roll when attempting to disarm an opponent

(including the roll to keep from being disarmed if

the character fails to disarm the opponent).

Whip:  Small Exotic Weapon; 1 gp; Dmg 1d2

subdual; Critical x2; Range 15 ft. max; 2 lb.;

Slashing.

Separating Double

Weapons

A separating double weapon functions like a

normal weapon of its type, but is designed to be

able to separate into two weapons.  A quick twist

of the haft can divide a separating dire ail into

two light ails, one for each hand.  Separating or

connecting such a weapon is a move-equivalent

action unless the wielder has the Quick Draw

feat.  Combined with this feat, the weapon can be

separated or connected as a free action once per

round.

Dwarven craftsmen, who found that double

weapons could become a hindrance in conned

areas, originally designed separating double

weapons.  By making the weapons separate, they

became more versatile.  The idea soon spread to

other races and the weapons are becoming more

common.  Swordsmen nd that carrying a two-

bladed sword is easier when it can become two

long swords to carry in scabbards.

A separating double weapon costs an additional

100 gp over the cost of a normal double weapon

of its type.  To acquire a masterwork separating

Bow Accessories

and Ammunition

Throughout this section, adventurers will

nd many new items that greatly enhance the

capabilities and functionality of the humble bow.

New ammunition types will allow a skilled archer

to select exactly the right arrow or bolt for the

situation, while further accessories will permit

weapons to shoot further, more accurately or be

used for tasks other than mere combat!

Arrows

An arrow used as a melee weapon is Tiny and

deals 1d4 points of piercing damage (x2 critical).

Since it is not designed for this use, all characters

are treated as not procient with it and thus suffer

a -4 penalty on their attack rolls.  Arrows come in

leather quivers that hold 20 arrows.  An arrow that

hits its target is destroyed; one that misses has a

50% chance of being destroyed or lost.

Arrows (20):  1 gp; 3 lb.

Arrows, Armour Piercing

These arrows have long, narrow, metal points

instead of the broader heads commonly used with

most arrows.  This far smaller impact area of the

arrow allows it to punch straight through armour

with ease.  Any wielder using armour-piercing

arrows gains a +1 bonus to all attacks rolls against

any targets that have an armour bonus of any kind.

Arrows, Armour Piercing (20):  20 gp; 3 lb.

Arrows, Barbed

With vicious, curved, back-hooks lining the head,

this arrow causes a great deal of pain and damage

when removed as it digs into esh.  A barbed arrow

hitting a target has a 50% chance of wedging in.

If this occurs, the arrow will cause an additional

1d6 points of damage upon removal, unless a Heal

check at DC 15 is made.

Arrows, Barbed (20):  10 gp; 3 lb.

147

THE ARMOURY

Arrow, Broad

This arrow has a broader head than a normal arrow,

making it heavier and able to deal more damage

when it hits.  It deals 1d8 hit points of damage

when red from a shortbow and 1d10 when red

from a longbow.  The increased weight takes 10

feet from the weapons range increment.

Arrows Broad (20):  15 sp; 4 lb.

Arrows, Fire

Fire arrows are specially constructed devices,

designed to stay alight even in the midst of wind

and rain through the use of a broad head and a

small internal reservoir of oil.  A re arrow will

remain alight for 1d6 rounds after it has been

ignited and will deal an additional 1d4 points of

re damage when it strikes.  The range increment

of any bow launching a re arrow is reduced by 20

feet, due to the extra weight of the missile.

Arrows, Fire:  15 gp each.

Arrows, Fishing

Sometimes used in combat to attach thin lines to

targets, the shing arrow has small, barbed hooks

and waterproofed etchings to allow shermen to

easily catch sh just beneath the surface of water.

Each arrow has 50 feet of line attached to its tail,

which will support up to 30 pounds in weight.

Arrows, Fishing (20):  4 gp; 3 lb.

Arrows, Flight

A far lighter arrow than many are used to, ight

arrows are lightly constructed in order to give them

much greater ranges.  The range increment of any

bow using ight arrows is increased by 30 feet.

However, each arrow will only cause 1d4 damage

if red from a shortbow, or 1d6 damage from a

longbow.

Arrows, Flight (20):  3 gp; 1 lb.

Arrows, Game

Game arrows have blunt, heavy tips designed to

stun small prey rather than completely destroy

it.  The game arrow counts as a bludgeoning

weapon and deals subdual damage only.  However,

the range increment of the bow it is red

from is halved, due to the unpredictable ight

characteristics of the arrow.

Arrows, Game (20):  4 gp; 4 lb.

Arrows, Smokescreen

The smokescreen arrow must be lit before it is

red.  Lighting one is a standard action.  One

round after it is lit, this non-damaging explosive

emits a cloud of smoke in a 10-foot radius that

persists for 1d3+6 rounds.  Windy conditions

reduce the duration by ve rounds.  Visibility

within the smoke is limited to two feet and

everything within the cloud is considered to have

nine-tenths concealment.  Smokescreen arrows

reduce the range increment of any bow they are

red from by 20 feet, due to the additional weight

of the tip.  Creating a smokescreen arrow requires

an Alchemy skill check (DC 25) and a Craft

(etcher) skill check (DC 15).

Arrow, Smokescreen: 50 gp each;  lb.

Arrows, Thunder

Similar to a thunderstone, the thunder arrow has a

blunted point that creates a deafening bang when

it strikes a hard surface.  Creatures within 10 feet

of the missiles impact must make a Fortitude

save (DC 15) or be deafened.  Deaf creatures, in

addition to the obvious effects, suffer a 4 penalty

on initiative and a 20% chance to miscast and

lose any spell with a verbal component.  Thunder

arrows reduce the range increment of any bow

they are red from by 20 feet due to the additional

weight of the tip.  Creating a thunder arrow

requires an Alchemy skill check (DC 25) and a

Craft (etcher) skill check (DC 15).

Arrows, Thunder: 50 gp each;  lb.

148

Arrows, Tracer

The shafts of these arrows have been treated with

an alchemical substance that ignites when air

rushes over it at great speed, such as when red

from a bow.  Elves typically use tracer arrows in

low-light conditions, as their eyesight allows them

to benet from the ery path the arrow traces in

darkness.  If this arrow hits its mark, all characters

with low-light vision gain a +1 circumstance bonus

to their next ranged attack rolls against that same

target, including the archer who red the arrow

in the rst place.  This effect provides no benet

during the day or under lighting conditions that

would allow a human to see the target clearly.

Arrows, Tracer (10):  2 gp; 3 lb.

Arrows, Whistling

Often used for signalling in the midst of battle,

or as warnings by sentries, whistling arrows emit

a distinctive, high-pitched sound when red, by

funnelling air through channels in the head of the

arrow.  The noise is easily audible to any within 60

feet of the ight path of the arrow and requires a

Listen check at DC 10 to be heard up to 500 feet.

Whistling arrows do only 1d4 points of damage

when red at a target, due to their much lighter

construction.

Arrows, Whistling (20):  10 gp; 2 lb.

Bolts

A crossbow bolt used as a melee weapon is Tiny

and deals 1d4 points of piercing damage (x2

critical).  Since it is not designed for this use, all

characters are treated as not procient with it and

thus suffer a -4 penalty on their attack rolls.  Bolts

come in wooden cases that hold 10 bolts.  A bolt

that hits its target is destroyed; one that misses has

a 50% chance to be destroyed or lost.

Bolts (10):  1 gp; 1 lb.

Bow Sling

The bow sling is a simple attachment that may be

added to any longbow or shortbow. Consisting of

little more than a cured leather strap attached to an

archers hand, the sling will stop a bow from being

accidentally dropped.  A character with a bow sling

gains a +4 circumstance bonus to all rolls made

against him being disarmed of his bow.

THE ARMOURY

Bow Sling:  1 gp.

Bow Stabiliser

Stabilisers are weights mounted

on the front of a bow to keep

the weapon stable during

long-ranged shots.  They

increase the range increment

of any bow they are tted to

by 20 feet. However, they may

only be tted to longbows and

shortbows.

Bow Stabiliser:  100 gp; 2 lb.

Bullets, Sling

Bullets are lead spheres, much heavier than stones

of the same size.  They come in a leather pouch

that holds 10 bullets.  A bullet that hits its target is

destroyed; one that misses has a 50% chance to be

destroyed or lost.

Bullets, Sling (10):  1 sp; 5 lb.

Flarrow

These signalling devices are simply arrows with

alchemically-treated tips.  The tip of the arrow can

be struck against any rough surface as a standard

action, igniting the arrow for ve rounds.  Anyone

struck with a arrow takes an additional 1d6 points

of re damage and risks catching on re.  Because

of the added weight of the inammable tip,

arrows decrease the range increment of any bow

they are red from by 20 feet.  Standard arrows

burn normally, though arrows with blue and

green ames are also available.  Different coloured

arrows are often used to signal different meanings

among organised troops.  Creating a arrow

requires an Alchemy skill check (DC 20) and a

Craft (etcher) skill check (DC 15).  Creating a

blue or green arrow requires an Alchemy skill

check (DC 25)

and a Craft

(etcher) skill

check (DC 15).

Flarrow:  2gp each;  lb.

Flarrow, Blue/Green:  8 gp each;  lb.

Hunting Fletchings

Hunting etchings may be added to any type of

arrow, except re and whistling, and require a

Craft (etcher) skill check (DC 10) to successfully

t.  However, a character may pay a etcher

149

THE ARMOURY

to do this for him for an additional 2 gp per 20

arrows.  These etchings are designed to quickly

decelerate an arrow once red, thus reducing the

range increment of any bow using them by 20 feet.

However, they are far easier to recover because of

this and every arrow shot with hunting etchings

has a 75% chance of being recovered after use.

Hunting Fletchings (20):  2 gp.

Oiled Bowstring

During the rainy seasons, archers must take special

care of their bows.  The bows body is treated

with ironwood balm and the string is replaced

with an oiled bowstring.  In addition to reduced

maintenance needs, this bowstring increases the

range increment of any bow or composite bow by

20 feet.

Oiled Bowstring:  5 gp.

Armour

A good suit of armour will protect an adventurer

against the most dreadful of foes, allowing him to

endure blow after blow as he ghts.  Adventurers

often take more care over the condition of their

armour than they do with weapons, for a complete

suit can represent a great expense, whereas a lost

sword may be replaced from the next slain enemy.

Aeroglass Plate

This fragile-looking creation

is actually quite stalwart.  It is

basically just ordinary full plate

armour crafted from aeroglass.

The silvery, transparent nature

of the armour gives it a rather

unusual look and many members

of the nobility wear this armour

simply as a fashion statement.

Aeroglass oats in water and

this armour has saved many a

brave warrior from a watery

grave.  The armour provides no

bonus to swim checks; it just

keeps the wearer on the surface.

It is still possible, though, to

weigh oneself down with heavy

stones in order to dive.

Aeroglass Plate:  Medium Armour; 3,000 gp; AC

+6; Max Dex +3; Check 4; SF 30%; Spd 20 ft./15

ft.; 35 lb.

150

Armour Spikes

Spikes can be added to armour.  They deal 1d6

points of piercing damage (x2 critical) with a

successful grapple attack.  The spikes count as a

martial weapon.  If a character is not procient

with them, the character suffers a -4 penalty on

grapple checks when trying to use them.  A regular

melee attack (or off-hand attack) can be made with

the spikes and they count as a light weapon in this

case.

An enhancement bonus on a suit of armour does

not improve the spikes effectiveness, but the

spikes can be made into magic weapons in their

own right.

Armour Spikes:  Original Armour +50 gp; +10 lb.

Back and Breast

This armour consist of

a breast and back plate,

usually worn in addition

to lighter armour, thus

providing an extra degree

of protection at the expense

of increased weight and

less freedom of movement.

The armour bonus may be

added to that of any light

armour already being worn,

transforming it into medium armour.  The back and

breast may be removed in ve rounds and donned

without aid in one minute, allowing the ghter

to quickly switch between heavy protection for

combat and light armour for agility, as the situation

demands.

Back and Breast:  Medium Armour; 50 gp; AC

+2; Max Dex +2; Check -5; SF 20%; Spd 20 ft./15

ft.; 15 lb.

Banded Mail

This armour is made of overlapping strips of metal

sewn to a backing of leather and chainmail.  The

strips cover vulnerable areas, while the chain and

leather protect the joints and provide freedom

of movement.  Straps and buckles distribute the

weight evenly.  It includes gauntlets.

Banded Mail:  Heavy Armour; 250 gp; AC +6;

Max Dex +1; Check 6; SF 35%; Spd 20 ft./15 ft.;

35 lb.

Bladeshatter Plate

The armour plates of this battle suit form sharp

angles, which can chip or even shatter a sword

or knife blade when it strikes them at the proper

angle.  The unique form of the plates does not

affect axes, hammers, or other weapons.  When an

attack roll made by a sword or other long-bladed

weapon fails by more than 10, the weapon used

in the attack suffers 1d8 hit points of damage,

ignoring the hardness rating of the weapon.  Note

that magical weapons with an enhancement

bonus are unaffected by bladeshatter plate unless

the armour has an equal or greater enhancement

bonus.

Bladeshatter Plate:  Heavy Armour; 3,000 gp; AC

+8; Max Dex +0; Check 6; SF 40%; Spd 20 ft./15

ft.; 50 lb.

Breastplate

A breastplate covers the front and back.  It comes

with a helmet and matching greaves (plates to

cover the lower legs).  A light suit or skirt of

studded leather beneath the breastplate protects

limbs without restricting movement much.

Breastplate:  Medium Armour; 200 gp; AC +5;

Max Dex +3; Check 4; SF 25%; Spd 20 ft./15 ft.;

30 lb.

Brigandine

Brigandine armour consists of metal splints sewed

upon canvas, linen or leather and covered with

similar materials.  Unlike splint mail, the metal

splints are wider and lighter, and resemble padded

armour until hit.

Brigandine:  Medium Armour; 250

gp; AC +5; Max Dex +4; Check 4; SF

20%; Spd 20 ft./15 ft.; 25 lb.

Bronze Plate

Taking the form of half-plate armour,

bronze plate is much lighter in

construction, allowing the ghter

greater mobility at the expense of heavy

protection.

Bronze Plate:  Heavy Armour; 900

gp; AC +6; Max Dex +2; Check 5; SF

30%; Spd 20 ft./15 ft.; 40 lb.

THE ARMOURY

Buckler

This small, metal shield is strapped to the forearm,

allowing it to be worn and still use the hand.  A

bow or crossbow can be used without penalty.  An

off-hand weapon can be used, but a -1 penalty on

attack rolls is imposed because of the extra weight

on your arm.  This penalty stacks with those for

ghting with the off hand and, if appropriate,

for ghting with two weapons.  In any case, if a

weapon is used in the off-hand, the character does

not get the bucklers AC bonus for the rest of the

round.

Buckler:  Shield; 15 gp; AC +1; Max Dex ;

Check 1; SF 5%; Spd ; 5 lb.

Buckskin Armour

This armour is composed of reinforced buckskin.

Barbarians often gather the skins from young

bucks to outt their villages with this type of

armour for tribal wars.

Armour of this ilk is often

the rst set a tribal elder

gives to a young barbarian

once he comes of age to

hunt with the adults.  The

armour is fortied in such a

way that it does not hinder

the movements of the

wearer while offering better

protection in the eld.

Buckskin Armour:  Light Armour; 30 gp; AC +2;

Max Dex +7; Check ; SF 10%; Spd 30 ft./20 ft.;

15 lb.

Camouage Armour

This armour is made of interlocking leather scales

dyed in earthy tones and shaped like leaves.  Only

the helmet, breast piece, bracers and grieves

are crafted this way, with leggings and sleeves

made of softer leather with etched leaf patterns.

Camouage armour grants a +2 circumstance

bonus to Hide checks as long as the terrain and

season match the armours colours.  Craftsmen

strip and dye camouage armour when the season

changes and the natural paints can last up to 1d4+2

months without needing to be reapplied.

Camouage Armour:  Light Armour; 50 gp; AC

+3; Max Dex +5; Check 1; SF 15%; Spd 30 ft./20

ft.; 15 lb.

151

THE ARMOURY

Chain Shirt

A shirt of chainmail protects the torso while

leaving the limbs free and mobile.  A layer of

quilted fabric underneath it prevents chang and

cushions the impact of blows.  It comes with a

steel cap.

Chain Shirt:  Light Armour; 100 gp; AC +4; Max

Dex +4; Check 2; SF 20%; Spd 30 ft./20 ft.; 25

lb.

Chainmail

This armour is made of interlocking metal rings.

It includes a layer of quilted fabric underneath it

to prevent chang and to cushion the impact of

blows.  Several layers of mail are hung over vital

areas.  Most of the armours weight hangs from

the shoulders, making chainmail uncomfortable

to wear for long periods of time.  It includes

gauntlets.

Chainmail:  Medium Armour; 150 gp; AC +5;

Max Dex +2; Check 5; SF 30%; Spd 20 ft./15 ft.;

40 lb.

Chainmail, Arcane

This suit of armour consists of interlocking mithril

rings, with wide splits along the arms and legs

to give the wearer greater freedom of movement

with his limbs at the expense of a little protection.

Spellcasters prot more from this armour than any

other character, as it is easier to perform a spells

required gestures because of the splits.

Chainmail, Arcane:  Light Armour; 4,200 gp; AC

+4; Max Dex +5; Check 2; SF 10%; Spd 30 ft./20

ft.; 20 lb.

Chitinous Armour

Crafted from the specially-treated shells of giant

spiders, boulder beetles and various oversized

insects, this armour provides decent physical

protection to its wearer, but excellent protection

against missile attacks thanks to its naturally

rounded shape and smooth exterior.  Its armour

bonus is doubled against ranged attacks.

armour is designed to assist the wearer in his

climbing attempts.  Unfortunately, the design that

allows the wearer to clamber up sheer surfaces also

makes it more difcult for him to manoeuvre when

not climbing.  Anyone wearing climbing armour

receives a +2 circumstance bonus to any Climb

checks.

Climbing Armour:  Light Armour; 100 gp; AC

+2; Max Dex +3; Check 2; SF 15%; Spd 20 ft./15

ft.; 20 lb.

Cord Armour

Cord is woven from tree bark and other durable

plant bres, tightly knotted and plaited into a thick,

durable fabric.  Like chainmail, cord armour is

sometimes combined with heavier metal plates and

is usually accompanied by a silk under-dress that

protects the wearer from the course nature of the

material.  Cord is popular among halings, elves

and druids.

Cord Armour:  Light Armour; 10 gp; AC +2; Max

Dex +6; Check 2; SF 15%; Spd 30 ft./20 ft.; 10

lb.

Dragonscale Armour

This is the most prized possession

of any ghter lucky or rich enough

to gain possession of such a suit.

Similar to scale mail but using the

smaller scales of a great dragon, this

armour guarantees a ghter with the

best protection possible and yet limits

little of his speed and mobility due to

its great exibility.  In addition, the

wearer also gains energy resistance 10

against all attacks related to the breath

weapon of the dragon from which the

suit was made  armour made from the

scales of a red dragon, for instance,

would grant energy resistance against

all re-based attacks.  Dragonscale is

extremely rare and many ghters are

willing to risk the dangers of actually

seeking a dragon out in order to gain

such armour.

Chitinous Armour:  Light Armour; 200 gp; AC

+3; Max Dex +4; Check 1; SF 15%; Spd 30 ft./20

ft.; 10 lb.

Dragonscale Armour:  Medium Armour;

18,000gp; AC +10; Max Dex +3; Check 4; SF

30%; Spd 20 ft./15 ft.; 30 lb.

Climbing Armour

Lightweight and covered with an assortment of

hooks, carabineers and tough, leather loops, this

152

Feather Skin

This leather-like

material is naturally

buoyant in air,

literally hanging in

the air wherever it

is placed.  A suit of

armour made from

feather skin has the defensive values of leather

without any weight, making it a favourite among

rogues.  Falling damage is reduced by two points

per 10 feet fallen, to a minimum of one point per

10 feet.  There are many other uses for feather

skin, such as weightless spellbooks and saddles.

Creating feather skin requires an Alchemy skill

check (DC 35) and a Craft (leatherworking) check

(DC 15).  Turning feather skin into a suit of armour

requires a Craft (leatherworking) skill check (DC

20).

Feather Skin:  250 gp per square foot.

Feather Skin Armour:  Light Armour; 2,000 gp;

AC +2; Max Dex +6; Check ; SF 10%; Spd 30

ft./20 ft.

Full Plate

This armour consists of shaped and tted metal

plates riveted and interlocked to cover the entire

body.  It includes gauntlets, heavy leather boots

and a visored helmet.  Buckles and straps distribute

the weight over the body, so full plate hampers

movement less than splint mail even though

splint is lighter.  Each suit of full plate must

be individually tted to its owner by a master

armoursmith, although a captured suit can be

resized to t a new owner at a cost of 200 to 800

(2d4x100) gp.

Full plate is also known as eld plate.

Full Plate:  Heavy Armour; 1,500 gp; AC +8; Max

Dex +1; Check 6; SF 35%; Spd 20 ft./15 ft.; 50

lb.

Fur-Lined

Hide Mail

Made from hardened

layers of leather, this

armour is adorned

with soft fur around

the neck and waistline.

It is favoured among

druids both for its

capacity to protect

153

THE ARMOURY

from injury and its aesthetic appearance.  Druids

who are learned in the ways of armourcraft

often create this type of armour for themselves.

Fur-lined hide mail offers a greater amount of

protection that it appears to.

Fur-Lined Hide Mail:  Medium Armour; 65 gp;

AC +4; Max Dex +3; Check 3; SF 20%; Spd 20

ft./15 ft.; 20 lb.

Gauntlet, Locked

This armoured gauntlet has small chains and

braces that allow the wearer to attach his weapon

so that it cannot be dropped easily.  It adds a +10

bonus to any roll to keep from being disarmed

in combat.  Removing a weapon from a locked

gauntlet or attaching a weapon to a locked gauntlet

is a full-round action that provokes attacks of

opportunity.  The price given is for a single locked

gauntlet.  The weight given only applies if the

character is wearing a breastplate, light armour or

no armour.  Otherwise, the locked gauntlet replaces

a gauntlet the character already has as part of the

armour.

While the gauntlet is locked, the hand wearing

it cannot be used for casting spells or employing

skills.  Like a normal gauntlet, a locked gauntlet

deals normal damage rather than subdual damage

with an unarmed strike.

Gauntlet, Locked:  8 gp; +5 lb. to breastplate and

light armour.

Half-Plate

This armour is a combination of chainmail with

metal plates (breastplate, epaulettes, elbow guards,

gauntlets, tassets and greaves) covering vital areas.

Buckles and straps hold the whole suit together

and distribute the weight, but the armour still

hangs more loosely than full plate.  It includes

gauntlets.

Half-Plate:  Heavy Armour; 600 gp; AC +7; Max

Dex +0; Check 7; SF 40%; Spd 20 ft./15 ft.; 50

lb.

Half-Plate, Elven

Elven half-plate armour is the heaviest armour

elves will wear in battle.  It is made with

interlocking mithril rings with elegant plates

strapped and hooked around the body.  Elves craft

this armour to outt their knights and it is almost

unheard of among other races or elves that are not

THE ARMOURY

part of the nobility.  Ceremonial half plate has the

plates and rings alloyed with bronze, gold or silver

with ne carvings, but it is still useful in battle.

Half-Plate, Elven:  Medium Armour; 4,600 gp;

AC +7; Max Dex +2; Check 4; SF 30%; Spd 20

ft./15 ft.; 25 lb.

Hauberk

A hauberk is a one-piece set

of chain armour.  It is similar

to a chain shirt, except that

it hangs lower, to just below

the knee.  Most hauberks

have a hood attached that

protects the wearers head.

A hauberk is cheaper and

easier to manufacture than

regular chainmail and offers

nearly the same amount of

protection, although it hinders

its wearers movements more.

Hide:  Medium Armour; 15 gp; AC +3; Max Dex

+4; Check 3; SF 20%; Spd 20 ft./15 ft.; 25 lb.

Hide, Bugbear

The hide of a bugbear is renowned amongst

armoursmiths for being unusually resilient to

blows when cured and waxed in a certain fashion.

Hide, Bugbear:  Medium Armour; 525 gp; AC +4;

Max Dex +4; Check 3; SF 20%; Spd 20 ft./15 ft.;

25 lb.

Hide, Hunters

Most hide armour bears little evidence of which

animal it originally came from, but hunters hide

is the exception.  The cured hide wraps around

the wearer mimicking the anatomy of a beast, fur

and smell included, with the head of the animal

serving as a helmet.  The armour provides a +1

circumstance bonus to Hide or Disguise checks

made in the wilderness, as well as a +2 bonus to

Wilderness Lore checks used for hunting.

Hauberk:  Medium Armour; 110 gp; AC +5; Max

Dex +1; Check 5; SF 30%; Spd 20 ft./15 ft.;

30 lb.

Hide, Hunters:  Medium Armour; 20 gp; AC +3;

Max Dex +3; Check 3; SF 20%; Spd 20 ft./15 ft.;

25 lb.

Heraldic Coin

Armour

This unique set of

armour is crafted from

the various types of

coins found throughout

the local kingdoms.

Everything from

copper to platinum has

been used to create

intricate patterns,

including family crests

in some instances.

This armour is highly

prized by war captains

and nobles as a symbol

of their status.

Heraldic Coin Armour:  Medium Armour; 450

gp to 5,000 gp; AC +4; Max Dex +4; Check 4; SF

25%; Spd 20 ft./15 ft.; 30 lb.

Hide

This armour is prepared from multiple layers of

leather and animal hides.  It is stiff and hard to

move in.

154

Hide, Hydra

Often regarded as a poor knights dragonscale,

hydra hide is nevertheless extremely rare as

armour.  It is very tough and yet remains exible

enough to permit most movement.

Hide, Hydra:  Medium Armour; 6,000 gp; AC +6;

Max Dex +4; Check 3; SF 20%; Spd 20 ft./15 ft.;

25 lb.

Leather Armour

The breastplate and shoulder protectors of this

armour are made of leather that has been stiffened

by boiling in oil.  The rest of the armour is softer

and more exible leather.

Leather Armour:  Light Armour; 10 gp; AC +2;

Max Dex +6; Check 0; SF 10%; Spd 30 ft./20 ft.;

15 lb.

Leather Armour, Digester

This armour retains the digesters acid-resistant

qualities, granting its wearer acid resistance 10.

This armour may be upgraded to studded leather

by increasing the price by 15 gp and weight by ve

pounds.  Studded leather provides an additional

+1 armour bonus but increases the armour check

penalty by 1.

Leather Armour, Digester:  Light Armour; 8,000

gp; AC +2; Max Dex +6; Check 0; SF 10%; Spd

30 ft./20 ft.; 15 lb.

Leather Armour, Displacer Beast

A displacer beasts hide grants bizarre, light-

bending qualities that make it difcult to determine

the wearers location.  This armour grants a 10%

miss chance to all attacks against the wearer and

a +1 circumstance bonus to all Hide checks.  This

armour may be upgraded to studded leather by

increasing the price by 15 gp and weight by ve

pounds.  Studded leather provides an additional

+1 armour bonus but increases the armour check

penalty by 1.

Leather Armour, Displacer Beast:  Light

Armour; 12,000 gp; AC +2; Max Dex +6; Check 0;

SF 10%; Spd 30 ft./20 ft.; 15 lb.

Leather Armour, Gargoyle

The thick, stony skin of a gargoyle produces

bulky armour that limits its wearers movement

and agility but serves as excellent camouage

in subterranean settings.  Its wearer gains

a +4 circumstance bonus to Hide checks in

subterranean, mountainous and rocky terrain.  This

armour may be upgraded to studded leather by

increasing the price by 15 gp and weight by ve

pounds.  Studded leather provides an additional

+1 armour bonus but increases the armour check

penalty by 1.

Bugbear hide

Hydra hide

THE ARMOURY

Leather Armour, Gargoyle:  Light Armour; 1,400

gp; AC +3; Max Dex +4; Check 2; SF 20%; Spd

30 ft./20 ft.; 30 lb.

Leather Armour, Gorgon

A gorgons steely

hide produces stout

but exible armour.

In addition, it grants

its wearer a +2

circumstance bonus

to all saves against

petrifying attacks.

This armour may be

upgraded to studded

leather by increasing

the price by 15 gp

and weight by ve

pounds.  Studded

leather provides an

additional +1 armour

bonus but increases

the armour check

penalty by 1.

Leather Armour, Gorgon:  Light Armour; 2,500

gp; AC +5; Max Dex +4; Check 0; SF 20%; Spd

30 ft./20 ft.; 10 lb.

Leather Armour, Hell Hound

Leather armour crafted from a hell hounds hide

grants its wearer resistance to re attacks but

leaves him vulnerable to cold-based ones.  Hell

hound leather grants re resistance 10 but incurs a

2 circumstance penalty to all saves against cold

attacks.  This armour may be upgraded to studded

leather by increasing the price by 15 gp and

weight by ve pounds.  Studded leather provides

an additional +1 armour bonus but increases the

armour check penalty by 1.

Leather Armour, Hell Hound:  Light Armour;

9,200 gp; AC +2; Max Dex +6; Check 0; SF 20%;

Spd 30 ft./20 ft.; 15 lb.

Leather Armour, Night

Originally crafted by drow, night leather armour is

ink-black and made with soft and tough spidersilk,

though non-drow versions use dyed gossamer

thread.  The material seems to absorb light and,

coupled with its suppleness, grants its wearer a

+2 bonus to Hide and Move Silently checks.  This

armour can be worn under other light and medium

155

THE ARMOURY

armour but this cancels the bonus to the skill

checks.

Leather Armour, Night:  Light Armour; 60 gp;

AC +2; Max Dex +8; Check 0; SF 5%; Spd 30

ft./20 ft.; 5 lb.

Leather Armour, Rust Monster

While extremely difcult to harvest and use, rust

monster hides produce armour that renders many

weapons useless.  A non-magical metal weapon

used to deal damage to the wearer has a 10%

chance of crumbling into rust.

Leather Armour, Rust Monster:  Light Armour;

13,500 gp; AC +1; Max Dex +6; Check 0; SF 10%;

Spd 30 ft./20 ft.; 10 lb.

Leather Armour, Troglodyte

Much like chameleons, troglodytes can change

their coloration to better blend in with their

environment.  Cured troglodyte hide retains some

of these characteristics, granting its wearer a +2

circumstance bonus to all Hide checks.  This

armour may be upgraded to studded leather by

increasing the price by 15 gp and weight by ve

pounds.  Studded leather provides an additional

+1 armour bonus but increases the armour check

penalty by 1.

Leather Armour, Troglodyte:  Light Armour;

1,200 gp; AC +2; Max Dex +6; Check 0; SF 10%;

Spd 30 ft./20 ft.; 15 lb.

Oaken Tree Bark Armour

Made from the treated bark of the oak tree, this

armour protects its wearer fairly well.  Those who

are out in the eld and in need of an emergency set

of armour often craft this type.

Oaken Tree Bark Armour:  Medium Armour; 10

gp; AC +3; Max Dex +4; Check 4; SF 20%; Spd

20 ft./15 ft.; 25 lb.

Padded

Padded armour features quilted layers of cloth and

padding frequently in a diamond or square pattern.

Padded:  Light Armour; 5 gp; AC +1; Max Dex

+8; Check 0; SF 5%; Spd 30 ft./20 ft.; 10 lb.

Plant Fibre

Plate

This heavy armour is

made from densely

compressed plates of

extremely tough and

resistant plant bres.

This armour can be

enchanted through

standard means.

Plant Fibre Plate:

Heavy Armour; 700 gp;

AC +6; Max Dex +2;

Check 6; SF 35%; Spd

20 ft./15 ft.; 35 lb.

Quick-Change Plate

Invented by a gnome spy who often went

undercover in heavily-patrolled fortresses, quick-

change plate is a suit of half-plate armour designed

to quickly drop off its wearer with the pull of

a single pin.  Quick-change plate is specially

designed to give its wearer plenty of space,

allowing him to wear his normal armour and carry

his regular equipment within the armour.  Thus,

this item is very popular with rogues who must

penetrate areas where heavily armoured guards and

travellers are the norm.  By pulling out a single pin

that keeps a complex series of straps in place, the

wearer discards the armour in a matter of seconds.

Removing quick-change plates takes a full-round

action.  Donning the armour is a much more

daunting process, as the intricate series of straps

and joints that keep the armour assembled require

10 minutes to properly assemble.  Quick-change

plate cannot be donned hastily and aid from others

does not speed up the process of assembling it.

Quick-Change Plate:  Heavy Armour; 950 gp; AC

+5; Max Dex +0; Check 8; SF 20%; Spd 20 ft./15

ft.; 55 lb.

Robe, Armoured

This mundane-looking garment appears as the

typical robe worn by a wizard, priest or other

scholar.  Small, metal plates and thick leather

padding sewn into the inner side of the robe

provide protection without drawing undue

attention to the wearer.  Unfortunately, armoured

robes are both bulky and heavy, limited the

wearers agility and speed.

156

Robe, Armoured:  Medium Armour; 55 gp; AC

+3; Max Dex +3; Check 4; SF 25%; Spd 20 ft./15

ft.; 30 lb.

Robe, Battle

Another garment for battle-minded wizards, the

elven version of the armoured robe is not designed

for stealth, but for the protection of a war wizard.

Resilient fabric made from gossamer thread

intertwines with mithril wire and small, iron plates,

providing very good protection with few obstacles

for spellcasting.  There are versions of battle robes

tailored as dresses and gowns, worn by elf ladies

who go into battle as part of their noble duties.

Robe, Battle:  Medium Armour; 2,500 gp; AC +4;

Max Dex +4; Check 2; SF 15%; Spd 20 ft./15 ft.;

15 lb.

Robe of Yew Leaves

Druids have long fashioned their

own armour from the bounties

of nature.  This unique set

of armour is no exception.

Fashioned from the treated

leaves of the yew tree and

reinforced with thin strips

of tanned leather, this

armour is both functional

and often quite beautiful.

Robe of Yew Leaves:

Light Armour; 55 gp; AC

+2; Max Dex +8; Check ;

SF 10%; Spd 30 ft./20 ft.;

5 lb.

Roundels

Consisting of a series of discs

attached to the vulnerable joints

of metal armour, roundels provide

a greater level of protection at the

expense of extra weight.  Roundels

may be combined with any

medium or heavy armour, with the

exception of full plate.

Roundels:  +125 gp; AC +1; Max Dex 1; Check

1; SF ; Spd ; +10 lb.

Scale Mail

This is a coat and leggings (and perhaps a separate

skirt) of leather covered with overlapping pieces

157

THE ARMOURY

of metal, much like the scales of a sh.  It includes

gauntlets.

Scale Mail:  Medium Armour; 50 gp; AC +4; Max

Dex +3; Check 4; SF 25%; Spd 20 ft./15 ft.; 30

lb.

Shield, Crossbow

Similar to a tower shield, this device can be

attached to the front of a crossbow to form a

protective tripod.  This not only shields the

archer but also stabilises the weapon for a more

accurate shot.  Setting up the crossbow shield

requires three rounds, after which it provides the

user with the protection of a tower shield along

with a +1 circumstance bonus to all attacks made

with the crossbow.  Once the shield is set up, the

wielder can leave it in place and perform other

actions while still receiving the protection of the

shield.  The crossbow shields wielder could, for

example, set up the shield and then release his

hold on it to cast a spell and suffers no penalty

for doing so.  If the shield is set up and not being

actively controlled by a wielder, however, it can be

knocked over by anyone on the other side with a

standard action.  A view hole in the shield allows

the wielder to see targets on the other side but is

also large enough for the wielder to be targeted by

spells.

Shield, Crossbow:  Shield; 100 gp; provides

cover; Check 10; SF 50%; Spd ; 50 lb.

Shield, Dragonscale

Often considered rarer than

full dragonscale armour, the

dragonscale shield is made

from a single huge scale,

only to be found upon the

death of the mightiest of

wyrms.  Providing excellent

protection, the dragonscale

shield also remains light

and easy to use, despite

being the size of any other

large shield.  In addition,

to the armour bonus, the

dragonscale shield will also bestow its wielder

with energy resistance 5 to any attacks related to

the breath weapon of the dragon the scale was

gleaned from  see dragonscale armour for more

details.

Shield, Dragonscale:  Shield; 11,000 gp; AC +3;

Max Dex ; Check ; SF ; Spd ; 10 lb.

THE ARMOURY

Shield, Jousting

So-called because it nds use in jousting

tournaments, this shield has a round cleft on its

right upper edge, designed to t a lance for better

stability.  Using a jousting shield during a charge

action with a lance gives a +1 circumstance bonus

to the attack roll.

Shield, Jousting:  Shield; 30 gp; AC +2; Max Dex

; Check 2; SF 15%; Spd ; 10 lb.

Shield, Large, Wooden or Steel

A large shield is too heavy to use the shield hand

for anything else. Wooden and steel shields offer

the same basic protection, though they respond

differently to special attacks (such as warp wood

and heat metal).

Shield, Large, Steel:  Shield; 20 gp; AC +2; Max

Dex ; Check 2; SF 15%; Spd ; 15 lb.

Shield, Large, Wooden:  Shield; 7 gp; AC +2;

Max Dex ; Check 2; SF 15%; Spd ; 10 lb.

Shield, Leather

Leather shields are light and very exible but

provide only limited protection against attack.  The

leather is supported across a wooden framework

and stiffened using processes similar to those

used in the creation of hide armour.  The leather

shields armour bonus only applies to bludgeoning

weapons, as piercing and slashing attacks will rip

straight through the material.

Shield, Large, Leather:  Shield; 2 gp; AC +2;

Max Dex ; Check 2; SF ; Spd ; 3 lb.

Shield, Small, Leather:  Shield; 1 gp; AC +1;

Max Dex ; Check 1; SF 5%; Spd ; 2 lb.

Shield, Mancatcher

This large shield is

meant to be strapped

on the arm lengthwise

and is distinguished

by its telltale hook

upon the shields tip.

Due to the design of

the shield the hook

acts as an extension

of the arm but provides less protection than a

normal large shield (only a +1 armour bonus,

instead of +2).  A character using the mancatcher

shield gains a +2 bonus on disarm and trip attempts

against opponents.

Shield, Mancatcher:  Small Exotic Weapon; 25

gp; Dmg 1d4; Critical x2; Piercing; AC +1; Max

Dex ; Check 2; SF 15%; Spd ; 18 lb.

Shield, Retractable

Due to the ingenuity of gnomes, the retractable

shield has come from the depths of imagination

to the reality of the battleeld.

Though it initially appears

to be the size of a buckler

(and have all the properties

thereof) the retractable

shield can actually be

expanded with the pulling

of a release key (this

requires a standard action).

Upon release the fans that

make up the retractable shield

spread out and become a large shield.

The retractable shield then has all the properties

of a large shield.  Retractable shields require one

minute to retract to their original state and this is

done by turning the key until the fans that make

up the shield lock into place.  Retractable shields

may be made of either wood or steel.  The rst

set of statistics below are used when the shield is

retracted, the second set are used when the shield

is deployed.

Shield, Retractable, Metal:  Shield; 50 gp; AC

+1/+2; Max Dex ; Check 1/2; SF 5%/15%; 18

lb.

Shield, Retractable, Wooden:  Shield; 15 gp; AC

+1/+2; Max Dex ; Check 1/2; Arcane 5%/15%;

12 lb.

Shield, Sickle

The sickle-like blades are typically retracted into

the shield; however, with a quick movement of the

arm, a sickle blade extends from the shield.  Only

small and large shields may have this modication,

bucklers and tower shields may not.  When

attacking with a small sickle shields blade the

character suffers a 1 penalty due to the awkward

weight of the shield, large sickle shield blades

suffer a 2 penalty to attack rolls.

Shield, Sickle, Large:  Small Exotic Weapon; +30

gp; Dmg 1d8; Critical x3; +6 lb.; Slashing.

Shield, Sickle, Small:

Small Exotic Weapon;

+12 gp; Dmg 1d6;

Critical x3; +3 lb.;

Slashing.

158

Shield, Small, Wooden or Steel

A small shields light weight lets a character carry

other items in that hand (although the character

cannot use weapons). Wooden and steel shields

offer the same basic protection, though they

respond differently to special attacks (such as warp

wood and heat metal).

Shield, Small, Steel:  Shield; 9 gp; AC +1; Max

Dex ; Check 1; SF 5%; Spd ; 6 lb.

Shield, Small, Wooden:  Shield; 3 gp; AC +1;

Max Dex ; Check 1; SF 5%; Spd ; 5 lb.

Shield, Tiger Steel

Tiger steel shields are an exotic combination of

weapon and shield  three-foot-long, one-foot-

wide, gently curved lengths of steel sharpened

on the edges and tapering to a spear point that

projects just past the ngertips.  Tiger steel shields

are most often used in pairs, though can be used

by any character with the Shield Prociency

feat.  Normally, a character loses the shields AC

bonus if he attacks with it but a character that also

possesses the Exotic Weapon Prociency (tiger

steel shield) feat retains the AC bonus even during

rounds that he uses it as a weapon.  In addition,

a monk who has the Exotic Weapon Prociency

(tiger steel shield) feat does not lose the use of his

monk abilities while armed with one or more tiger

steel shields.

Shield, Tiger Steel:  Small Exotic Weapon; 100

gp; Dmg 1d6; Critical x2; Range ; Piercing; AC

+1; Max Dex ; Check 1; SF 15%; Spd ; 4 lb.

THE ARMOURY

shield.  A tower shield cannot be used for the

shield bash action.

Shield, Tower:  Shield; 30 gp; provides cover;

Check 10; SF 50%; Spd ; 45 lb.

Shield, Teethed

These shields have

protrusions that are meant

to catch a blade or shaft

and rip the weapon out of

an opponents hand.  With

a teethed shield you get a

+4 bonus on your opposed

attack roll when attempting

to disarm an enemy.  Any time an

opponent deals critical damage to a teethed shield

it loses some of its teeth and the bonus to disarm

checks is permanently reduced by 1.

Shield, Teethed:  +10 gp; +2 lb.

Shield, Turtle

Tending to the wounded on the eld of battle can

be very hazardous, but the turtle shield can be

used to diminish exposure to danger.  Appearing

as a normal tower shield, the turtle shield can be

unfolded and will stand on its own, providing

100% cover to those behind it.  This allows

Medium-size or smaller characters to crouch

behind the shield and tend to the wounded while

avoiding the hazards of missile re.  The turtle

shield only provides 100% cover from the front

and sides.  This shield provides no protection

against attacks from the rear.  Because the turtle

shield can provide cover without being held, it also

provides protection from targeted spells, unlike a

tower shield.  Any creature of small size or larger

within ve feet of the barrier can knock the shield

aside as a standard action.

Shield, Turtle:  Shield; 100 gp; provides cover;

Check 15; SF 60%; Spd ; 50 lb.

Shield, Tower

This massive, wooden shield is nearly as tall as

the wielder.  Basically, it is a portable wall meant

to provide cover.  It can provide up to total cover,

depending on how far a character comes out from

behind it.  A tower shield, however, does not

provide cover against targeted spells; a spellcaster

can cast a spell on a character by targeting the

Shield, Widowmaker

This strange, gnomish

device appears to

be an ordinary large

shield with pyramid-

like protrusions

around the periphery.

However, this shield

works similarly to

a bear trap in that,

when the shield is

159

THE ARMOURY

struck and the character releases the trip-cord,

it snaps shut.  Thus, if an opponent misses the

bearer of a widowmaker shield by two or less

on an attack roll, the character may choose to

release the trip-cord and have the shield attempt

to close on the opponents weapon.  The opponent

must make a Reex save (DC 20) or have the

item they were wielding become trapped in

the shields vice-like grip (Strength check DC

25 to break the widowmakers grip).  If the

opponent was using his  bare st to strike at the

character with the widowmaker and they fail

their Reex save, their hand becomes trapped

instead.  Once a widowmaker shield is triggered

the character loses the AC bonus from the shield.

A widowmaker shield takes one minute to reset

and it is not uncommon for widowmaker shields

to be discarded if combat is still heavy around the

character.

Shield, Widowmaker:  Small Exotic Weapon;

50 gp; Dmg 2d4; Critical x2; Bludgeoning and

Piercing; AC +2; Max Dex ; Check 2; SF 15%;

Spd ; 20 lb.

Shield, Woven

Woven shields are lightweight, steeply-rounded

shields made of interwoven lengths of either

lacquered rattan or bamboo.  Though a common

sight on the battleelds of the far eastern

kingdoms, woven shield use is only rarely taught

at martial arts schools.  The few existing woven

shield forms concentrate

on highly-mobile ghting

techniques, utilising

low stances and evasive

tumbling manoeuvres that

allow martial artists to

close quickly against spear

and polearm-wielding

opponents.  A monk who

has the Shield Prociency

feat does not lose the use of his monk abilities

while equipped with a woven shield.  In addition,

he negates the armour check penalty when using

the Tumbling skill and receives a +2 competence

bonus to Tumble checks when tumbling through

threatened areas.

Shield, Woven:  Shield; 10 gp; AC +1; Max Dex

; Check 1; SF 5%; Spd ; 2 lb.

Shield Spikes

These spikes turn a shield into a martial piercing

weapon that deals 1d6 points of damage (x2

160

critical) no matter whether the shield is small or

large.  Buckler or tower shields cannot have shield

spikes.

Shield Spikes:  +10 gp; +5 lb.

Shirt, Silk

Often sported by

fashion-conscious

fops and nobles,

silk shirts have

a real purpose in

combat.  Though

it does not bestow

any armour bonus,

it may be combined

with any type of

armour with no

penalty.  When any

ranged piercing

weapon strikes the wearer the silk naturally wraps

itself around the head of the weapon, making

removal far easier.  Any Heal check applied to

the effects of damage dealt by a ranged piercing

weapon will gain a +2 circumstance bonus.

Shirt, Silk:  28 gp; 1 lb.

Skirt, Mithril

This skirt of interlocking mithril rings straps to

the wearers waist and reaches no lower than the

knees, giving additional protection to any armour

worn.  It ts easily over any armour except full

plate and, though it adds weight to the character, it

does not interfere with spellcasting.  A mithril skirt

gives a +1 armour bonus to a mounts AC.

Skirt, Mithril:  +1,200 gp; AC +2; Max Dex 1;

Check ; SF ; Spd ; +8 lb.

Slender Chainmail Shirt

This shirt of chainmail closely resembles its larger

cousin, but is specically crafted to be concealed

beneath a tunic and to be virtually noiseless as the

wearer moves about.  Though it offers slightly less

protection than standard chainmail, bards prefer its

ease of use as something to keep them protected on

the road.

Slender Chainmail Shirt:  Light Armour; 120 gp;

AC +3; Max Dex +6; Check 1; SF 25%; Spd 30

ft./20 ft.; 20 lb.

Splint Mail

This armour is made of narrow, vertical strips of

metal riveted to a backing of leather that is worn

over cloth padding.  Flexible chainmail protects the

joints.  It includes gauntlets.

Splint Mail:  Heavy Armour; 200 gp; AC +6; Max

Dex +0; Check 7; SF 40%; Spd 20 ft./15 ft.; 45

lb.

Studded Leather

This armour is made from tough but exible

leather (not hardened leather as with normal

leather armour) reinforced with close-set metal

rivets.

Studded Leather:  Light Armour; 25 gp; AC +3;

Max Dex +5; Check 1; SF 15%; Spd 30 ft./20 ft.;

20 lb.

Turtle Suit

This armour is so heavy that it is worn only

when the threat of combat is imminent.  It is also

extremely bulky, making it difcult for the wearer

to manoeuvre in tight quarters.  On the other hand,

this type of armour takes up so much room that a

single character can block a corridor on his own.

Any Medium-size creature wearing a turtle suit can

effectively block a 10-foot-wide passage, using the

integrated arm-shields and mass of his armour to

prevent the passage of opposing forces.  Characters

wearing turtle armour are also treated as one size

category larger than normal when attempting to

avoid being tripped or grappled.  Those wearing

turtle armour may not initiate a grapple or make

a trip attack, however, as the bulk of their armour

prevents such activities.  Finally, if the wearer of

the turtle suit takes only movement actions during

a combat round, he may protect himself with the

arm shields built into the suit, increasing the suits

armour bonus to +15.

Turtle Suit:  Heavy Armour; 2,000 gp; AC +10;

Max Dex +0; Check 10; SF 60%; Spd 15 ft./10

ft.; 70 lb.

Wire Armour

Rather than craft armour from rows of linked

chains or overlapping plates, some dwarven smiths

braid their armour from lengths of steel wire.  The

armour provides excellent protection from slashing

and piercing attacks but is unable to shield the

wearer from bludgeoning attacks, which simply

indent the armour to harm the esh underneath.

THE ARMOURY

Thus, wire armour provides only a +1 armour

bonus against bludgeoning attacks.

Wire Armour:  Medium Armour; 1,000 gp; AC

+6; Max Dex +4; Check 1; SF 10%; Spd 20 ft./15

ft.; 20 lb.

Wood Splint Armour

Wood splint can appear to be splint mail at rst

glance.  The armour is made of narrow strips of

wood (usually painted black) backed onto leather

with thick cord that is worn over cloth padding.

Unlike many other suits of armour, wood splint

is worn with heavy leather gloves, rather than

gauntlets.  Though the armour appears of poor

design and offers very little protection for its

weight and cumbersome nature, druids often use

wood splint because a single casting of ironwood

immediately gives their armour all the properties

of real splint mail.

Wood Splint Armour:  Heavy Armour; 100 gp;

AC +4; Max Dex +0; Check 7; SF 40%; Spd 20

ft./15 ft.; 30 lb.

Undersea Armour

For obvious reasons, undersea armour is

constructed for minimum interference with the

motions needed for swimming.  For this reason,

the weight of the armour is halved for purposes of

determining the penalty to Swim checks and for

determining buoyancy.  The armour check penalty

is greatly lower for all undersea armour, while

the maximum Dexterity bonus is higher.  This

is deliberate: The nature of motion and combat

undersea demands maximum exibility.  The

drawback is that undersea armour tends to offer

inferior protection when compared to surface

armour and is more expensive, reecting the

increased work involved in producing it.  Undersea

armour is also less effective against metal

weapons.

Undersea armour is designed for use in a

perpetually wet environment.  While shells, for

example, do not decay in air, the materials used

to bind them into suits of armour dry out rapidly.

Treated kelp quickly decays when dry and the

eshy backing of scale armour likewise weakens

when out of water.  For this reason, all undersea

armour becomes useless when out of water for an

extended period of time.

161

THE ARMOURY

Rate of Decay*

1 AC for each hour after the rst.

1 AC for each hour after the rst 12.

1 AC for each hour after the rst 8.

1 AC for each hour after the rst 8.

Armour

Type

Kelp

Bone

Shell

Scale

Once the armour bonus of a suit of armour

reaches 0, it is completely decayed and utterly

useless.

Any undersea armour can be made as masterwork

armour, with the usual effects described in Core

Rulebook I.

Bone Mail

This is armour

formed of small

shards of bone, tied

together with kelp

rope or sh leather.

Bone Mail:  Light

armour; 30 gp; AC +3;

Max Dex +5; Check 1;

SF 15%; 10 lb.

Heavy Scale

Heavy scale is made from several layers of

carefully prepared shleather reinforced with

large scales.  This thick, heavy armour grants little

mobility but offers much security.  Merfolk dressed

in heavy scale, especially with sh-skull helmets,

are responsible for many legends of sea devils

and the like.

Heavy Scale

Armour:  Heavy

armour; 2,000 gp;

AC +7; Max Dex

+2; Check 5; SF

40%; 25 lb.

Large Shell

This armour uses

larger shells to

form the main

componentsthe

breast plate,

shoulder plates

and so onand

links them

together with

smaller shells and

bone pieces to

provide excellent

protection, though

at a signicant

cost in weight and

exibility.

Large Shell

Armour:  Heavy

armour; 500 gp;

AC +6; Max Dex +3; Check 4; SF 30%; 30 lb.

Light Scale

This is armour

composed of

small, light,

scaled hide taken

from sh and

then alchemically

hardened.  It is

most often used

by races such as

merfolk, whose

access to kelp

forests or even

shells is often

difcult, as they

live in the vast

spaces between

the surface and

the bottom.  It

offers moderate

protection and

good exibility.  Scale armour is sometimes called

shleather armour, but the primary protection

comes from the hard scales.

Light Scale Armour:  Light armour; 30 gp; AC

+2; Max Dex +6; Check 1; SF 10%; 8 lb.

Medium Scale

Used by the same cultures that use light scale,

this armour is made of heavier plates from large,

162

better-armoured sh and several additional layers

of smaller scales as well.

Medium Scale Armour:  Medium armour; 75 gp;

AC +4; Max Dex +5; Check 2; SF 20%; 15 lb.

Small Shell

Small shell armour

consists of a soft

kelp undergarment

with many small

shells sewn into it

for added protection.

The shells are often

chosen for decorative

as well as protection

value and each suit

of this armour is a

unique work of art.

Some of the more

practical undersea

races choose shells

for their camouage

potential in a specic

environment.  This

increases the cost by

a factor of three (it is difcult to nd shells of the

right colours and arrange them in precisely the

right patterns), but grants a +2 circumstance bonus

on Hide checks.

Small Shell Armour:  Medium armour; 60 gp; AC

+5; Max Dex +4; Check 3; SF 20%; 20 lb.

Soft Kelp

The lightest and

most exible type of

undersea armour, this

armour is fashioned

from kelp that has been

treated alchemically to

enhance toughness and

resiliency.  The armour

is still very pliant and

is woven in thin layers.

It is usually pale green

in hue.

Soft Kelp Armour:

Light armour; 7 gp;

AC +1; Max Dex +8;

Check ; SF 0%; 7 lb.

THE ARMOURY

Stiffened Kelp

Somewhat tougher than soft kelp and woven in

thicker layers, this armour offers more protection

at some cost

in comfort and

mobility.  It is dark

emerald green and

is often decorated

with small, brightly-

coloured molluscs

that cling to the

armour.  The

treatment process

prevents them from

digesting it.

Stiffened Kelp

Armour:  Light

armour; 15 gp; AC

+2; Max Dex +7;

Check ; SF 5%;

Spd 30 ft./20 ft.; 10

lb.

Metal Alloys

Aeroglass

Aeroglass is a light, strong glass containing small

amounts of adamantine and numerous minute air

bubbles.  It is sometimes found as slag oating

on top of lava in active volcanoes.  Not as strong

as steel per unit volume, it has hardness 7 and 12

hit points per inch of thickness.  An equivalent

volume of aeroglass weights only one-fth as

much as steel.  Weapons made of aeroglass are

always masterwork.  Due to their light weight,

they gain an additional +1 enhancement bonus to

hit.  This bonus does not stack with any magical

enhancement.  Aeroglass armour needs to be

thicker in order to provide the same protection

as normal armour, so gives no special benets.

However, since it oats, adventurers sometimes

wear armour of this substance.

Aeroglass Armour:  +1,500 gp.

Aeroglass Weapon:  +1,000 gp.

Alchemists Gold

Converted from lead, this golden metal can pass

for its precious namesake to the untrained eye.

Coins or objects crafted from alchemists gold

can be discerned from real gold with a successful

Appraise check (DC 15).  Alchemists gold has

163

THE ARMOURY

hardness 5 and

12 hit points per

inch of thickness.

One pound of

alchemists

gold can be

minted into 50

coins.  Creating

alchemists gold

requires an Alchemy skill check (DC 20) and a

Craft (metalwork) skill check (DC 15) to form it

into ingots.

Alchemists Gold:  20 gp; 1 lb.

Frost Steel

This white metal has a continuous layer of frost

across its surface.  Frost steel deals one point of

cold damage per round to any creature in direct

contact with it.  Weapons forged from frost steel

deal +1 point of cold damage on a successful hit,

in addition to their normal damage.  The contact

and weapon damage bonus is doubled for creatures

with the Fire subtype and re-based attacks on

the metal affect it as if its hardness were halved.

Creating frost steel requires an Alchemy skill

check (DC 25) and a Craft (metalwork) skill check

(DC 20) to work it into ingots.  Forging weapons

from frost steel increases the DC of the Craft

(weaponsmith) check by +10.  Frost steel has

hardness 10 and 25 hit points per inch of thickness.

Rare ingredients:  The alchemical ingredients in

frost steel are distilled from the shattered remains

of a frost worm.  The shards of a single frost worm

are enough to create several hundred pounds of

frost steel and do not need to be kept frozen for

processing.

Frost Steel:  150 gp; 1 lb.

Frost Steel Weapons:  +1,000 gp.

Moon Silver

Moon silver is a luminescent silver alloy that sheds

a dim blue light in a ve-foot radius.  Stonework

within dwarven catacombs is often inlayed with

moon silver runes and, although it is too soft to

use for most weapons and armour, it can be used

to decorate them.  Moon silver arrows deal +1

damage against lycanthropes and are considered

to be silver weapons for purposes of bypassing

damage reduction.  Creating moon silver, which

has hardness 6 and 12 hit points per inch of

thickness, requires and Alchemy skill check (DC

20) and a Craft

(metalwork) skill

check (DC 15)

to forge it into

ingots.  Creating

arrows forged

from moon silver

requires a Craft

(weaponsmith)

skill check (DC 15).

Moon Silver:  100 gp; 1 lb.

Moon Silver Arrow:  10 gp each;  lb.

Stormbane Iron

This brass-coloured, iron alloy acts as an insulator

instead of a conductor.  Creatures wearing armour

forged completely of stormbane iron gain electrical

resistance 15.  Stormbane iron has hardness 10 and

30 hit points per inch.  Creating stormbane armour

requires an

alchemy

skill check

(DC 20)

and a Craft

(metalwork)

skill check

(DC 15) to forge it into ingots.  Forging armour

from stormbane armour increases the DC of the

Craft (armoursmith) skill check by +5.

Stormbane Iron:  50 gp; 1 lb.

Stormbane Iron Amour:  +3,000 gp.

164

The

Dwarven

Forge

Dwarves lead challenging lives and their

inventions reect the unique needs of a

life below the surface.  For a dwarf,

every tool is a thing of beauty and a treasure to be

maintained and repaired.  Where other races see

their equipment as just another way to get a job

done, a dwarf sees his hammers and picks and axes

as a piece of him, a link to his culture and his past.

This attitude leads dwarves to hone their abilities,

each hoping to create a new tool or weapon,

something to serve his clan well in the future.

All dwarven characters travelling in their

homelands may freely choose the equipment

listed in the chapter, as it is part of their birthright.

Characters of other races and those dwarves

adventuring far from home may also chance upon

such items, at the Games Masters discretion.

Large cities with a substantial dwarven population

will likely have most of the equipment detailed

here but smaller settlements are unlikely to have

very much and will charge exorbitant prices for

them.

Axe, Stonecutting

While picks and hammers are normally associated

with mining,

dwarves have

to deal with

many different

kinds of rock

while tunnelling

underground.

Occasionally, a vein of harder stone requires

something with a bit more cutting surface and

hardness to deal with.  This thick headed axe is

mounted with a short blade and a shallow arc,

perfect for powering through dense rock.  When

used by a wielder with Stonecunning as a racial or

class feature, a stonecutting axe ignores half the

hardness of any stone object or target (including

half the Natural armour bonus of a stone golem).

Axe, Stonecutting:  Medium-size Martial

Weapon; 90 gp; Dmg 1d8; Critical x3; Range ; 15

lb.; Slashing.

THE DWARVEN FORGE

Barrowboat

This shallow, wooden

boat is rounded on

every corner and is

threaded along both

side edges with large,

iron eyelets.  These

act as guides for

long ropes that can be mounted along the walls of

ooded caverns, allowing those in the barrowboat

to move along these treacherous passages easily.  A

barrowboat will hold one Large, two Medium-size

or four Small passengers.

Barrowboat:  50 gp; 250 lb.

Burrowing Shield

Although it is nearly

the same size as a small

shield, a burrowing

shields odd shape and

cumbersome weight

only provides the same

protection as a buckler.

The burrowing shields

true purpose is to assist

a miner by providing a

shovel mounted to one

arm.  The trowel-like leading edge of a burrowing

shield grants a +10 foot bonus to any existing

burrowing movement rate or to the distance per

hour the bearer can tunnel using normal mining

skills.

Burrowing Shield:  45 gp; AC +1; Max Dex ;

Check -2; SF 15%; 12 lb.

Climbing Harness

The underground dwarven kingdoms are criss-

crossed by chasms, littered with sinkholes and

obstructed by rock falls.  To get around these

obstacles, dwarves must climb or dig, with

climbing often the most expedient option.  The

climbing harness is loaded with tools to make

the job easier, from small picks to pitons to

carabineers.  While a character wears the harness,

all his Climbing checks without a rope receive a +2

circumstance bonus and all Climbing checks made

with a rope receive a +4 circumstance bonus.  It

takes three rounds to wear or remove a climbing

harness.

Climbing Harness:  50 gp; 15 lb.

165

THE DWARVEN FORGE

Collapsing

Cart

A collection of

steel poles, heavy

leather and folding

cross-supports, the

collapsing cart can

hold 200 pounds in its deep pouch, suspending

the weight over a single, reinforced-metal wheel.

Using a collapsible cart reduces the weight within

it by three-quarters, letting someone pushing or

pulling it to move a great deal more than their

Strength would normally allow.  When not in use,

a collapsing cart folds down and ts easily into a

backpack.

Collapsing Cart:  40 gp; 8 lb.

Descending Staff

A descending staff is a metal-shod, ten-foot pole

with hinged, six-inch arms mounted every two

feet along its length.  One end of a descending

staff bears a sharp, iron spike, which can be used

to anchor the pole into solid rock.  The side arms

can be extended and retracted by pulling a lever on

the other end of the descending staff, providing an

instant ladder wherever needed.

there are times when a thick

braid of rope is impractical,

especially when complex

knots are involved.  This

narrow cable, woven from

the muscle bres of large,

subterranean insects, is

as strong as a full-sized rope and half as heavy.

Dwarves call this rope elfhair as a derogatory

reference to its light weight and silvery colour.

Elfhair has 5 hit points and a Break DC of 25.

Elfhair Rope:  20 gp per 50-ft. length; 6 lb.

Forging Tools, Ancestors

Masterwork dwarven smithy tools are built to last

for generations.  These superbly-made examples

of those durable implements are passed down

from father to son,

each time marked

with a new rune

commemorating

the event.  While

these tools are

not necessarily

better than others

of their kind, a

dwarf working

with the tools of his ancestors is inspired to

honour their memory in his creations.  In that

circumstance, these grant a +1 morale bonus to

Craft (armoursmith), Craft (blacksmith) and Craft

(weaponsmith) rolls.

Descending Staff:  60 gp; 10 lb.

Forging Tools, Ancestors:  N/A; 20 lb.

Dwarven Firebox

Mining is an important part of dwarven life and

this tool assists them in digging through solid

stone.  The rebox is a simple cube of iron plates

with a bellows on the back and an open front.  Coal

is burnt inside the box and the open side of the box

is placed as close to a rock face as possible.  The

heat from the re cracks the stone, allowing miners

to complete their work more quickly.  When used,

provided there is an adequate supply of coal for the

day (roughly 20 pounds per eight hour shift), the

rebox increases the tunnelling rate of a miner by

10 feet per week.

Dwarven Firebox:  100 gp; 30 lb.

Elfhair

While dwarves are fond of using heavy ropes

whenever possible because of their durability,

Fungal Rations

While certainly unappetising, these rations provide

an advantage found nowhere else: the food actually

replenishes itself at regular intervals as long as

it, in turn, is fed.  Fungal rations come in a small

cube (six inches on a side), which contains an

unappetising mulch of various types of mushroom

and other organic bits, covered with a wool

screen.  On top of the screen, a dozen or more

edible hybrid mushrooms grow, feeding on the

material below the screen.  The edible mushrooms

will continue to grow at a regular rate, providing

enough food for a single medium-size creature

each day, as long as the mulch is replenished on a

regular basis.  Any organic material may be ground

up and put into the mulch, allowing subterranean

dwellers to turn otherwise inedible plants and

animals into a nutritious, if unappetising, meal.

If a character with fungal rations is in an area

166

with non-organic material whatsoever for more

than three days, his rations perish and provide no

further food.

Fungal Rations:  50 gp; 5 lb.

Gas Finder

This cylindrical device contains an oil-fed ame,

which draws air through a one-way valve on the

bottom and expels smoke and fumes through

another one-way valve at the top.  A strand of

waxed hair is strung through the cylinder far

enough above the ame to avoid burning under

normal conditions.  If a dangerously explosive

gas enters the gas nder, however, the ame will

burn through the hair, causing both valves to slam

shut to prevent an explosion.  On the other hand,

if an asphyxiating gas fouls the air in a tunnel, the

ame is extinguished.  In either case, the gas nder

warns the user of potential gas hazards before they

can cause any harm.  The gas nder provides light

as a bulls-eye lantern.

Gas Finder:  200 gp; 2 lb.

Giantspars

Massive caltrops made from

a wooden core and large,

metal spikes, giantspars

are useful for slowing the

progress of Large and larger

creatures in cavernous

settings.  While these items

do not act as caltrops given

their size and obvious

visibility, a Large or larger creature must spend a

standard action moving a giantspar out of its way

or suffer 1d4 piercing damage for every 10 feet per

round it was travelling (maximum of 6d4).

Giantspars:  80 gp; 120 lb.

Hallowed Ale

Dwarves are not overly-fond of water.  Many

of the things other races use water for, dwarves

have found alternatives they nd more palatable.

Hallowed ale acts as a dwarven equivalent of holy

water, being used for many of the same purposes.

When consumed by a dwarf,

this blessed, frothy alcohol

also acts as a cure minor

wounds potion.

Hallowed Ale:  30 gp; 1 lb.

THE DWARVEN FORGE

Imbuing Tub

Tempering a metal item

in a tub of liquid is an

important part of the

forging process.  The

imbuing tub allows for a

special form of tempering,

preparing the item being doused for enchantment.

When an item tempered in an imbuing tub is later

made into a magical item, the time required to do

so is reduced by one day (to a minimum of one

day).

Imbuing Tub:  250 gp; 30 lb.

Jawed Maul

A heavy, two-handed

hammer, this maul

has a set of hinged

jaws mounted to the

front of the head.  A

pivot inside them

closes these jaws

whenever the maul

strikes a solid object.

This is extremely valuable while mining, adding

a +1 circumstance bonus to any skill checks

required.  In addition, a jawed maul wielded in

combat leaves deep, ragged wounds that bleed

profusely.  Treat this as the wounding special

weapon property listed in Core Rulebook II.

Jawed Maul:  Large Exotic Weapon; 400 gp; Dmg

1d12; Critical x3; Range ; 15 lb.; Bludgeoning/

Piercing.

Killing Gold

An alchemical formula developed by the dwarves,

killing gold takes the form of golden-coloured

resin roughly the same weight and texture as

pure gold.  When killing gold is exposed to body

heat, it slowly secretes a toxic gas based on

whatever poison was included in its formulation.

Any inhaled poison can be used in this manner,

affecting the person carrying 1 pound or more

of killing gold after one hour of exposure.  Each

additional pound carried increases the saving throw

DC of this poison by +2.  Killing gold is normally

minted into coins and left for unwary thieves to

steal.  The price listed below

is for the gold itself, the

poison must be purchased

separately.

Killing Gold:  50 gp; 1 lb.

167

THE DWARVEN FORGE

Lantern, Darkvision

This is an ingenious device,

the secrets of its construction

guarded by the craftsmen of

all dwarven strongholds.  The

darkvision lantern takes the form

of a standard hooded lantern, but

the ame is surrounded by several crystals that

lter out virtually all visible light.  However, to

those with darkvision, the lantern casts a strong

glare, allowing them to see even further in pitch-

blackness.  A character with darkvision using

this lantern may double his range of sight in total

darkness.

Lantern, Darkvision:  975 gp; 2 lb.

Leather, Dwarven

Dwarves rarely dress in thin, fragile materials

because of their constant

movement in treacherous

caverns and the rigors

of their active lives.

Dwarven leather is of a

thicker cut than normal,

but made supple through

special crafting techniques.  Clothing and armour

made from dwarven leather has a hardness of 4 and

10 hit points per inch, making it nearly as resilient

as wood.

Leather, Dwarven:  20 gp; +1 lb.

Lye, Scouring

Silt and sediment can build up on

mining tools, resulting in damage to

equipment and lost hours of work.

In order to get their tools clean,

dwarves often use a sluice of water

and an acrid, scouring solution

made of lye and alcohol.  Scouring

lye is extremely effective at cleaning stone and

metal, though it can be harmful to esh.  Contact

with scouring lye causes the loss of one hit point

per round.

Lye, Scouring:  5 gp; 1 lb.

Maelstone

A dangerous natural phenomenon

that possesses a hazard to

miners, maelstone is a spheroid

conglomerate of sulphur, coal

and rare heavy elements.  When

struck with a ferric object, these st-sized, unstable

nodules can detonate, inicting 2d6 bludgeoning

damage within a 10-foot radius.  Maelstone is

normally removed carefully from mines and taken

into deep caverns for disposal.

Maelstone:  50 gp; 1 lb.

Miners Pack

Reinforced with steel plates and stitched together

with wire, the miners pack holds two cubic feet of

material and up to 200 pounds in weight.

Miners Pack:  150 gp; 15 lb.

Pull Cart

This small, two-wheeled wagon is designed to

be pulled by a single dwarf.  A heavy shoulder

harness and a pair of metal poles allow the dwarf

to move along at a decent clip while transporting

a great deal of weight.  When pulling a cart, a

humanoid creature may carry three times its

normal rate at each encumbrance level.  However,

it takes ve rounds to get into, or out of, the pull

carts harness and those wearing the harness

receive a 15 circumstance penalty in addition to

any other armour check penalties.

Pull Cart:  100 gp; 100 lb.

Northern Garb

Not all dwarves spend their lives underground.

When they travel, they often have need of heavy

clothing, as the surface world is sometimes much

colder than the geothermally-warmed caverns

dwarves call home.  This efcient fur and leather

garb provides a non-magical resist elements (cold)

2, reducing the amount of cold damage suffered

each round by 2 points.  This stacks with elemental

resistance against cold of any magical source.

Northern Garb:  15 gp; 10 lb.

Oil, Honing

Dwarves have created a number

of special alchemical oils to

augment their work.  Honing oils

are used to help put an extremely

sharp edge on a bladed weapon.

Using honing oil takes one minute

per size category of the weapon

in question.  This weapon is now considered keen

for the next 10 rounds of use.  These rounds do not

have to be consecutive, but the effect of honing

168

only lasts one week in any event.  The Alchemy

check to create honing oil has a DC of 22.

Oil, Honing:  150 gp; 1 lb.

Oil, Stonesight

Stonesight oil is applied to the users

eyes, a process that takes 1 minute and

a Reex saving throw (DC 12) to do

properly.  This special oil improves

the users vision underground.  If the

user has darkvision, its range improves

by 30 feet.  If the user only has low-light vision,

it becomes darkvision at half its normal range.  A

user who does not possess either form of vision

cannot benet from stonesight oil at all.  In any

case, this oils effects last one hour before fading

completely.

Oil, Stonesight:  150 gp; 1 lb.

Oil, Thundering

Thundering oil is applied to blunt

weapons, covering the striking

surface with a thick layer of

sparkling, hardened gel.  It takes

one minute to apply thundering oil

and only one application can be

placed on a given weapon at one time.  The rst

successful strike with a covered weapon inicts an

additional 1d6 sonic damage and forces the target

to make a Fortitude save (DC 15) or be deafened

for one hour.  The Alchemy check to create

thundering oil has a DC of 23.

Oil, Thundering:  200 gp; 1 lb.

Pony, Stonebred

Normal horses are less-than-effective underground

as their hooves cannot get good purchase on oors

of uneven rock.  Stonebred ponies are horses

specially bred for life beneath the surface, with

split hooves that can grip stone efciently and a

weak form of darkvision that lets them travel in the

clan halls of the dwarves safely.  Treat stonebred

ponies as regular ponies with darkvision (30-foot

range).  Dwarves are very protective of these rare

ponies and do not often sell them to members of

other races.

THE DWARVEN FORGE

Pulveriser

This cylindrical,

iron device is used

to crush rock into

ne gravel and

dust, which can be

more easily tested

for the presence of precious metals or gemstones.

The device is roughly one foot in diameter and

height, with a ip-top lid and a crank handle.

After stones are placed into the device and the

lid clamped into place, the handle is turned.  This

rotates a number of grinding wheels inside the

pulveriser, using gears to maximise the available

force, crushing the rocks thoroughly.  A pound of

rocks can be ground to a gritty powder in an hour.

Pulveriser:  200 gp; 25 lb.

Quickrock

An amalgam of silt, sand and

crushed stones, this substance

can be mixed with water and

formed into rock-hard shapes

before it dries.  Working with quickrock requires

a Craft (pottery) or Craft (sculpture) check; the

Games Master determines how difcult the desired

result is to achieve.  One pound of quickrock

creates a cubic foot of stone; this material has a

hardness of 8 and 10 hit points.

Quickrock:  10 gp; 1 lb.

Rumblesticks

Sometimes, even the advanced

mining techniques and special

digging tools of the dwarves

cannot make much progress

through the dense stone of the underearth.  In

circumstances like these, some dwarves turn to

the wonders of alchemy to provide an answer.

Rumblesticks are hollow stone or wooden tubes

with iron caps and a strand of burnable cord

extending into a reservoir of powdered maelstone.

One round after being lit, a rumblestick explodes

for 6d6 points of damage to everything in a 15-foot

radius.  Half of this damage is re, the remainder

is bludgeoning.  The Alchemy check to create

rumblesticks has a DC of 20.

Pony, Stonebred:  130 gp.

Rumblesticks:  50 gp; 2 lb.

169

THE DWARVEN FORGE

Sending Drums

Few sounds can carry

very far in the twisting,

rough-hewn caverns of the

dwarves.  To communicate

over the large distances

that a dwarven clan can occupy, sending drums

are used.  These deep bass drums are played with

hammers, using certain simple codes to send

messages to a distance of over a mile underground.

Sending Drums:  80 gp per pair; 20 lb.

Sifting Pan

After rocks are crushed with a pulveriser, the

remains are thoroughly washed in this pan, where

the grooves and ridges around the edges capture

heavier pieces (particularly metals and gems)

while allowing the dirt and other impurities to

wash away.  This allows miners to quickly check

an area for the presence of desirable materials.

Sifting Pan:  20 gp; 2 lb.

Slide Grease

Composed of mushrooms, minerals and a bit of

some stinking oil distilled from coal, slide grease

is an extremely slick substance used by dwarven

miners to assist in moving large chunks of rock.  A

pint of the grease is sufcient to cover a 10-foot

by 10-foot section of oor and allows the user

to slide up to four times his maximum weight

allowance across the greased section in one round.

Unfortunately, slide grease does not retain its slick

properties for long after exposure to air  after

three rounds the stuff dries and akes off in thin

black scabs.  Any character attempting to walk

on an area treated with slide grease must make a

Balance check (DC 10) if moving normally, or DC

(15) if jogging or running.  Characters who attempt

to ght while standing on an area treated with

slide grease must make a successful Balance check

(DC 25).  Any character who fails a balance check

while moving across a greased area falls prone;

standing up in a greased area requires another

Balance check (DC 15).

Slide Grease:  25 gp;  lb.

Socket Haft

The socket haft was designed for maximum

utility.  The metal shaft has a threaded socket at

one end, into which one of three heads (battle axe,

warhammer, or shortspear) can be inserted.  This

170

allows the wielder to choose the type of damage

needed at the moment while removing the need

to carry multiple weapons.  It requires a move-

equivalent action to remove or insert a head.

The weight listed below includes all three of the

weapons heads.

Socket Haft:  125 gp; 13 lb.

Trap Springer

Pit traps are a staple of dungeons and caverns

where evil creatures lurk.  This device helps locate

some, though not all, of these traps from a safe

distance.  As the name suggests, though, once a

trap springer nds a trap, it invariably triggers it.

To use a trap springer, a full-round action winding

up the gearbox is spent, pointing it in the direction

the character would like to search for traps and let

it go.  The trap springer then rolls straight ahead at

10 feet per round for 1d6 rounds, ailing around

itself with small hammers on the end of springy

steel wands.  These hammers strike in irregular

patterns in a 10-foot radius around the trap springer

and emulate the footsteps of a humanoid creature

weighing roughly 50 pounds.  If any trap would

be triggered by such a footstep, the trap springer

sets it off.  The trap springer will not fall into a

pit trap  the instant one or more of its wheels

lose traction, the other wheels counterbalance by

turning in the opposite direction.

Trap springers are large when assembled, but may

be broken down into a three-foot-square package

for transportation.  It requires 20 minutes and a

successful Engineering check (DC 15) to assemble

or disassemble a trap springer.  If the engineering

check fails, the trap springer cannot be correctly

disassembled or assembled, though repeat attempts

are allowed.

Trap Springer:  1,000 gp; 100 lb.

Travois, Miners

Accidents happen, especially in the dangerous

conditions of an active mine.  In order to move

injured people quickly out of harms way, a

miners travois can be used.  Consisting of a full

roll of heavy leather attached to long poles and

wheels on one end, a miners travois wraps around

the occupant, providing a +4 armour bonus and

protecting it from inadvertent damage during

transport.

Travois, Miners:  60 gp; 30 lb.

Ularids Firewood

Conditions underground often

do not allow for a campre.

Poor ventilation and moist

air can render even the best re-building skills

useless.  Ularids rewood is an alchemical item

created by travelling dwarves seeking the comforts

of cooking and warmth while venturing below.

Ularids rewood is a waterproof resin that does

not generate smoke while it burns.  The Alchemy

check to create Ularids rewood has a DC of 18.

Ularids Firewood:  5 gp per days supply; 10 lb.

Vilevine

The deepest levels of dwarven clan halls can have

a problem with circulation stemming from their

distance away from fresh air sources.  A rare

strain of plant called vilevine was cultivated by

dwarven druids (admittedly a rarity in themselves)

for its ability to grow without direct sunlight and

the copious amounts of oxygen it

generates during its lifecycle.  Called

vilevine because of its horric taste,

clan halls using it are marked by

its wandering vines, which grow

virtually everywhere.

Vilevine:  2 gp per fertile cutting.

Waterbore

When travelling dwarves set up an outpost, one of

the rst things they must do is establish a supply

of water.  Waterbores are huge, iron drills mounted

on sections of hollow pipe.  Each three-foot section

is threaded to allow the addition of more pipes,

allowing a waterbore to be driven deep into the

ground, providing a long, metal tube from the

point of drilling down into a reservoir of table

water.  Waterbores form the core of a dwarven well

and are usually left in place once used.

Waterbore, Drill Head:  130 gp; 60 lb.

Waterbore, Pipe Section:  50 gp; 30 lb.

Wheel Bore

Another contraption of ingenious dwarven design,

the wheel bore is a compact tool that can be carried

in a backpack but also converts to a functional

bore for drilling through stone.  The device folds

away for transport (requiring ve minutes to

completely collapse) and allows dwarves to take

their drills with them while exploring new areas

for possible veins of metal or gems.  When readied

THE DWARVEN FORGE

for operation, the wheel bore looks like a three-

foot-wide, vertical wheel with hand grips attached

to a series of gears, which are in turn attached to

a drill bit.  A single dwarf turning the wheel can

drill through a 10-foot by 10-foot by one-foot (100

cu. ft.) section of stone in an eight-hour day.  A

hole (roughly two inches in diameter and three feet

long) can be drilled through stone with the bore

in one hour.  The bore is useless for wood or other

materials softer than stone due to the construction

of the drill head and is similarly useless for boring

through materials stronger than stone.

Wheel Bore:  500 gp; 75 lb.

Xilliar

Xilliar is to dwarven ale what dwarven

ale is to water.  An extremely alcoholic

beverage, xilliar is poisonous to any

creature without a racial bonus to

Constitution or a bonus to Fortitude

saves provided by a feat or racial feature.  The DC

for xilliar is 16.  Initial damage is 1d6 Intelligence,

with secondary damage being 1d4 Dexterity and

1d4 Wisdom.

Xilliar:  110 gp per gallon; 30 lb.

Yew Wood

The thick, heavy nature

of yew wood makes it

perfectly suited for dwarven

craftsmanship.  Often used

for support bracing in mines

and other constructions, yew wood provides

a tensile strength not normally found in other

varieties.  When lumbered using special techniques

known only to the dwarves and a few trusted allies,

yew wood has a hardness of 8 and 90 hit points per

10-foot by 10-foot section.

Yew Wood:  240 gp per 10 sq. ft.; 100 lb.

Zither, Dwarven

A dwarven zither is an instrument crafted entirely

of ne steel.  From its metal frame and sounding

board to the braided steel cables that extend in

a set of eight over its face, the dwarven zither is

heavy enough that most players require a table

to use it.  Played with a pair of small, specially-

shaped picks, the dwarven zither creates a unique

sound best suited to dwarven audiences.

Zither, Dwarven:  110 gp; 35 lb.

171

THE ELVEN RETREAT

The Elven

Retreat

The craftsmanship of the elves is famous for

the delicate detail and graceful form they

give everything that is produced in their

workshops and forge be it intended for recreation,

work or war.  It is also well known for combining

beauty and effectiveness, dispelling any critique

about frivolity, especially from dwarves.

All elven characters travelling in their homelands

may freely choose the equipment listed in this

chapter, as it is part of their birthright.  Characters

of other races and those elves adventuring far

from home may also chance upon such items, at

the Games Masters discretion.  Large cities with

a substantial elven population will likely have

most of the equipment detailed here but smaller

settlements are unlikely to have very much and

will charge exorbitant prices for them.

Bottled Mist

When exposed to air, this

milky-white liquid evaporates

into a ne mist cloud that

covers an area up to 30

feet away from the point of

origin.  It provides creatures

within the mist with one-

quarter concealment and reduces visibility to 20

feet.  When used in thick woods, as elves prefer,

it also gives a +5 circumstance bonus to Hide

and Move Silently checks.  The mist dissipates

naturally in 2d8 rounds, or one round in a wind

stronger than 11 miles per hour.

Bottled Mist:  15 gp; 1 lb.

Chameleon Paint

This special dye goes

beyond the simple, herbal

paint elf hunters and

sentries use to hide among

the trees.  Applied in striped patterns across the

skin, it shifts its colour to reect the environment,

granting its user a +3 circumstance bonus to Hide

checks.  The paint loses its shifting properties after

eight hours from its application, and then becomes

normal body paint, granting only a +1 bonus to

Hide checks.

Chameleon Paint:  4 gp.

Climbing Canes

A pair of wooden

implements the length of a

forearm and curved on one

end, with a leather thong

on the other.  Elf children

invented these to help

them hoist themselves

up branches they could

not reach and adults later

improved on the design.  The canes give a +2

competence bonus on Climb checks when applied

to trees with strong branches, so long as the

character keeps close to the trunk.

Climbing Canes:  5 sp; 2 lb.

Cold Fire

The use of cold re is favoured

by elves living in thick forest,

as it produces a ame that does

not burn what it touches.  It is

sold as a torch or as a ask of

oil for lanterns, which produce normal levels of

illumination.

Cold Fire, Torch:  1 sp; 1 lb.

Cold Fire, Flask:  5 sp; 1 lb.

Elven Boots

Crafted from the softest

leather, these boots

remain exceedingly

supple and yet

extraordinarily resistant

to damage.  Despite their

lightweight feel, even

broken glass or jagged

rocks will be unable to penetrate the soles and, in

addition, they can allow a soft-footed character

to tread with almost utter silence.  A character

wearing elven boots gains a +1 circumstance bonus

to all Move Silently checks.

Elven Boots:  85 gp; 1 lb.

Elven Camouage Paint

This mixture of herbal and

mineral tints is perfect for

hunters and scouts who

expect to be out in the eld

for a long time.  The paint

gives a +1 circumstance

bonus to Hide checks, as well

172

as to Wilderness Lore checks for hunting game.

The paint is stored in clay canisters and carried

in little balls of grease, kept in tightly wrapped

leather.  Once smeared on skin, the grease dries

and remains in place for 2d4 days.  It does take

some effort to wash off with water alone before it

evaporates by itself.

Elven Camouage Paint:  15 gp.

Elven Lyre

This stringed

musical

instrument

produces a

calming and

exquisite sound,

and is  prized

by bards of

any race.  The

resonance box is

semi-spherical and supports two arms that curve

inwards, with a crossbar keeping from four to eight

strings taut.

Elven Lyre:  80 gp; 3 lb.

Elven Warpaint

Elves are often observed patrolling

their woodland homes covered in

swirls and whorls of colour.  Those

who have seen this gaudy spectacle often wonder

how a patrol can avoid being ambushed when they

stand out so readily.  Those who know the secret of

elven warpaint could tell them  except for the fact

that they are most likely dead.

When applied, elven warpaint is a riot of clashing

colours, usually greens, reds and tans.  It remains

thus until the wearer remains still for 1d4 rounds.

At the end of this time, the brightly coloured paint

slowly changes to match the surrounding foliage

 not a perfect match, but close enough to add

considerably to Hide checks (+6 circumstance

bonus).  If the wearer moves suddenly (more than

half speed) the paint reverts to its bright coloration.

The effect is that the brightly-painted, garish elves

seem to materialise out of nowhere.  Warpaint also

serves to protect the skin slightly.  Once dry, it is

surprisingly tough, acting as skin-tight armour that

provides a +1 armour bonus to its wearer.

Applying elven warpaint takes 15 minutes;

removing it takes about one minute.  No other

armour can be worn while using this paint.  It is

173

THE ELVEN RETREAT

extremely rare for elves to sell this paint to non-

elves.  An alchemist who has a sample to work

with might be able to work up the recipe; nding

the formula requires a successful Alchemy check

(DC 35), while manufacturing it once the formula

has been discovered is DC 25.

Elven warpaint assists in Hide checks only when

in forests.  It is worse than useless elsewhere,

conferring a 2 circumstance penalty on Hide

checks instead.

Elven Warpaint:  Light armour; 15 gp; AC +1;

Max Dex ; Check ; SF 0%; Spd 30 ft./20 ft.; 1

lb.

Elven Wine

It is extremely rare to nd this

beverage outside elven lands;

not only is it prohibitively

expensive to import, it is

potentially dangerous for

non-elves to drink.  Elves

nd its rare taste a delicacy

t for a relaxed night under

the stars, but non-elves must roll a Fortitude save

(DC 18) or become completely drunk after one

serving, suffering a -2 circumstance penalty to all

their rolls.  The hangover is no easier, requiring

a Fortitude save (DC 16) to avoid suffering a -1

morale penalty to every roll for 1d6 hours.

Elven Wine:  300 gp; 2 lb.

Faerie Dust

This ne powder is nowhere

near as silly as its name

suggests, but is a very effective

weapon for elven harrying

tactics.  The dust is kept in

a small bag, and the user

must pour water into it before throwing it, which

is a full-round action that provokes an attack

of opportunity.  The user must throw the bag

immediately or suffer the effects.  When thrown

as a grenade-like weapon, the bag opens and

envelopes everyone standing up to ve feet from

its point of impact in a cloud of tiny, but loud and

bright explosions.  The dust deals no damage, but

the creatures affected must roll a Will save (DC 15)

or suffer a -2 morale penalty on attack and damage

rolls for 1d4 rounds.  The explosions last for only a

single round before dying down.

Faerie Dust:  15 gp; 1 lb.

THE ELVEN RETREAT

Fey Spirits

Non-elves who take a sip from this

liquor swear that it is a magic potion

and not a mundane drink.  Elves

can get drunk on it as humans and

others do with strong whisky, but it

acts as a strong hallucinogen for any

non-elf who fails a Fortitude check

(DC 20).  The non-elf drinker suffers

from hallucinations, becoming dazed

and unable to take any action until

he sleeps it off.  On waking, he must

make a second Fortitude save (DC 16) to avoid the

effects of a hangover.  Failure causes him to suffer

a -2 morale penalty to all dice rolls for 1d8 hours.

Fey Spirits:  450 gp; 2 lb.

Glowwand

Elves can see much better

in the night than other

creatures, but they cannot

see in complete darkness,

so they still need sources of light.  Glowwands are

the answer when the elves also want to be subtle,

for these alchemically-primed sticks give a soft,

bluish light that is useless to humans but perfectly

serviceable for low-light vision.  The sticks are

contained in a thin metal tube and, when taken

out, they shine with a faint light that illuminates

up to 10 feet away for normal sight, but for 30 feet

away for low-light vision.  The glowwand loses

its luminescence one hour after removal from its

container, which is reusable.

Glowwand:  1 gp; 1 lb.

Horn Harp

An instrument made with

the horn of some unnamed

great beast, the sounds

that come from the strings

depends wholly on the

nature of the crafter and

the source of the horn

itself.  Bulls and bison that

have been killed religiously

have their horns used as material, and the music

they produce has a strong feel to it.  Drow use

horns from endish creatures, and their music is

dissonant and maddening.  A musician playing

the right harp to the right audience has a +2

competence bonus on Perform checks.

Horn Harp:  115 gp; 3 lb.

174

Ironwood Balm

Elves use this substance

to care for their bows and

arrows but, if used in greater

quantity, it gives any wooden

object an increased hardness

and resistance.  A normal

longbow or shortbow behaves

as a mighty composite bow

+1, allowing an archer to

apply up to +1 Strength bonus to damage to

arrows.  Arrows and masterwork arrows do not

break when they hit and are therefore recoverable.

A quarterstaff, club or javelin increases its damage

die from 1d6 to 1d8.  Any other object made from

normal wood gains a +5 bonus to its hardness and

5 extra hit points.  The effect of the balm lasts for

1d6 days for weapons and 1d4 months for objects.

One ask of balm is enough to cover a single

weapon, 20 arrows, a Large wooden object (such

as a door) or a 10-foot-square wooden surface.

Ironwood Balm:  40 gp.

Liquid Light

Liquid light is a variant of

alchemists re.  It is a crystal-

clear substance stored in a

transparent container.  When

the liquid comes in contact with

air, it shines brightly for up

to six hours if kept inside the

container, providing light for

30 feet.  The substance still shines if splashed on

any surface, making it useful for leaving temporary

marks.  Every hour consumes one of the six

doses contained in every vial, and any liquid light

poured or splashed outside it must be one full dose

for it to have any brilliance, lasting for an hour

and shining its light up to 15 feet away.  Liquid

light can be used as a grenade-like weapon.  Any

creature hit suffers no damage, but all attackers

gain a +1 circumstance bonus to their attack rolls

against it, as the substance delineates its contours.

This effect is particularly useful against invisible

creatures, as it negates their +2 bonus to attack

and defenders can keep their Dexterity bonus to

AC against it, plus any chance to miss it is reduced

by 10%.  The effect also works against creatures

under the effect of the blur and displacement spells

or similar abilities.  If used this way, liquid light

shines for 1d6+1 rounds if the grenade-like attack

scored a direct hit.  It lasts 1d4+1 rounds if it only

inicted splash damage or the attack roll was

successful, but missed due to the miss chance from

concealment.  It lasts only two rounds if the attack

roll missed by ve or more points.

etchers tools, and the arrows can be tied to the

quiver when out of combat.

THE ELVEN RETREAT

Liquid Light:  4 gp.

Naphtha

This highly ammable

substance saw its rst use in

elven navies (see Travellers

Tales  Ships of the Elves by

Mongoose Publishing), but it

has been adapted for personal

use much like alchemists

re has.  However, no elf

will knowingly use naphtha in a forest or other

wilderness area, reserving its use for underground

expeditions or warfare.  The difference between

naphtha and alchemists re is that it does not

stop burning until the substance is exhausted or

quenched by magical means.  When used as a

grenade-like weapon, naphtha deals 1d6 points

of re damage to a creature struck by it, and one

point of re damage to everyone standing up to

ve feet from it.  The creatures affected continue

suffering the same amount of damage every round

(1d6 direct and one from splash damage) until the

substance runs out after 1d6 rounds.

Naphtha:  40 gp per 1-pint ask; 2 lb.

Orrery, Small

A complicated system

of interlocking rings and

spheres of brass, bronze and

other metals.  Barely the

size of two sts together,

the small orrery is a scrying

instrument for wizards with a preference for

astrology.  It grants a +1 competence bonus to Scry

checks.

Orrery, Small:  1,200 gp; 5 lb.

Quickshot Quiver

A V-shaped quiver that holds 20

arrows and straps to an archers

back.  The design allows the

archer to grab an arrow and

notch it on his bow very quickly,

granting him a +1 competence

bonus to Initiative if his rst attack

in a round is made with a bow.  It

has a front pocket to store a set of

175

Quickshot Quiver:  5 gp; 1 lb.

Sleeping Mist

This substance works like

bottled mist, except that it

is laced with a narcotic.  In

addition to the obscuring

effects of bottled mist, all

creatures within the area must

roll a Fortitude save (DC

15) or suffer a -1 penalty to

initiative, attack and damage

rolls.  Elves are immune to the narcotic.

Sleeping Mist:  30 gp; 1 lb.

Spidersilk

Originally developed

by the drow, other elves

found their own version

of this adhesive substance.

Contained in a large sack

that resembles a waterskin,

spidersilk can be used by

pressing on the skin, with a

white strand of the material

oozing out of a small opening.  It attaches fast to

any surface, but bladed weapons slice it easily, so

it is mostly used for traps, camouaged enclaves

and improvised rope.  The strand is extremely

strong and tensile, requiring a Strength check (DC

24) to snap it.  It can withstand up to 800 pounds

without breaking or loosening from where it was

attached.  It dissolves in alcohol in three rounds.

One spidersilk sack can yield 120 feet of rope.

Spidersilk:  25 gp; 5 lb.

Star Robes

The most breathtaking item

in an elfs wardrobe, star

robes have been described as

woven starlight.  Tailored

from gossamer thread,

star robes immediately

command attention in

any gathering, with their

shimmering material

creating an otherworldly

aura around their wearer.

Star robes give a +1 morale

THE ELVEN RETREAT

bonus to any Charisma-based check made during a

social occasion.

to have water around to help wash it down, as it is

a bit dry.

Star Robes:  750 gp; 8 lb.

Waybread:  5 sp per 3 loaves; 1 lb.

Wood Chimes

A trick of the wild elves to keep

intruders on edge, these wooden chimes

hang high from trees, letting the wind

knock them together as well as blow

through the carved holes.  This creates

an eerie sound that is hard to locate.

Any creature with an Intelligence score

of 12 or less must make a Will save

(DC 14) or be considered shaken.  A

shaken character suffers a -2 morale

penalty on attack rolls, checks, and

saving throws.

Wood Chimes:  4 sp; 10 lb.

Elven Masterwork

Elf craftsmen have all the time in the world to

nish their works and, when not pressed by

necessity, they usually take it.  Masterwork items

are very common in elven workshops, and the

artisans think of them as entertaining exercises

to keep their skills sharp.  When they do want

to devote all their art into a single creation, they

make an item considered masterwork by elven

standards.

Elven masterworks follow the normal rules for

creating masterwork items.  An elven masterwork

component is much harder to craft, costing 500

gp and with DC 25 in the Craft check.  The time

and expense are worth it, as an elven masterwork

weapon grants a +2 bonus to attack rolls, while

armour check penalties are reduced by -2.  Other

elven masterwork items grant an additional +2

bonus to activities performed with them.  The cost

of elven masterworks is triple that of their normal

counterparts, plus the cost of the masterwork

component.  Non-elves in possession of such an

item may be viewed with suspicion by elves, who

will try to nd out how it was that the item left the

hands of its original elven owner.

Twin Flutes

A single reed branches

out into two arms to

create an odd Y-shaped

ute.  Wood elves like to

add feathers to the clay

instrument.  Both arms

have holes, allowing a

skilled musician to play

two different melodies with the same breath.  It

takes two ranks in the Perform skill to learn to play

the twin ute properly.  A bard who succeeds in

a Perform check (DC 18) can sustain two bardic

music effects at the same time, but it takes his full

concentration to do so and he is only able to take

a move-equivalent action and move at half speed

every round he sustains both effects.

Twin Flutes:  5 gp; 1 lb.

Travelling Cloak

A greyish-green garment

that no elf traveller can

do without.  Despite its

thinness, the cloak is quite

durable, as warm as a

winter blanket and as light

as a sleeping gown.  It is

waterproof and mildly re

resistant, able to withstand

up to three points of re

damage without catching

on re itself.  It is also

strangely comfortable to

sleep in.

Travelling Cloak:  12 gp;

2 lb.

Waybread

A small loaf of this salty bread is enough to sustain

an adventurer for a full day, as if he had eaten his

ll of trail rations.  Taking much less space than

ordinary provisions, elf

travellers and scouts opt

for waybread when they

are in a hurry and know

they cannot delay to hunt

or forage.  It is advisable

176

The

Fighters

Trade

Every experienced ghter knows that there is

far more to combat than raw ghting skill,

weapons and armour.  Often, the

preparation that takes place before battle alone

can ensure victory and a ghter will always make

sure he has the correct tools to hand in order to

guarantee his equipment is in the nest condition

possible before he risks his life in front line

combat.

Armour Accessories

Aventail

This is a short piece of chainmail that hangs

loosely from a helmet to add protection to the

neck.

Aventail:  +20 gp; AC +1; Max Dex -; Check ;

SF +5%; Spd - ft./- ft.; 1 lb.

Besagues

These circular plates are tied to the elbow joint

and in front of the shoulders of full and half plate

armour for additional protection.

Besagues:  +50 gp; AC +1; Max Dex -; Check ;

SF +5%; Spd - ft./- ft.; +2 lb.

Form-Fit

Armour with this modication has to be tailored

to the characters dimensions and crafted by

a masterful armoursmith.  Form-t armour is

created in order to allow a character to put the

armour on and wear it with the minimum amount

of effort and fuss.  This modication can only be

applied to masterwork quality armour, though

this modication must be made during the initial

forging.  Armour with this alteration has its armour

check penalty reduced by 1, in addition to the

armour check modier for the armour being

masterwork.  Form-t armour also cuts donning

time in half (rounded up).

Form-Fit:  +150 gp.

THE FIGHTER'S TRADE

Surcoat

Similar to a tabard, a surcoat is a cloth garment

worn over armour to identify its wearer.  It is long

and owing like a tunic and some paladins use it

as their holy symbol if it is emblazoned with their

deitys icon.

Surcoat:  2gp; 1 lb.

Tabard, Chain

A chain tabard consists of two layers of cloth with

a middle layer of chainmail.  It cannot be worn

over heavy armour as it hampers movement too

much.

Tabbard, Chain:  55gp; AC +2; Max Dex -;

Check -1; SF +5%; Spd - ft./- ft.; 15 lb.

Tabard, Padded

This rectangular piece of cloth is worn over

armour.  Normal tabards are meant to bear the

wearers coat of arms or other symbols, but

armoured tabards add protection.  A padded tabard

is made of many layers of heavy cloth that can be

worn over any armour.

Tabard, Padded:  15 gp; AC +1; Max Dex -;

Check -1; SF +5%; Spd - ft./- ft.; 5 lb.

Piecemeal Plate

Many poor warriors (or paladins under a vow

of poverty) nd themselves forced to scavenge

battleelds for armour that is not too dented or

ruined.  They assemble a poor mans plate out

of all the pieces that will never provide the same

amount of protection and mobility of  true full

plate, but it will serve their needs.

The following listings are for the parts of a full

plate.  The information assumes that it is being

strapped over padding or chainmail, and it does not

include gauntlets.  The parts cannot be strapped

over medium or heavy armour.

Armour Bonus:  Some parts, taken in and by

themselves, only provide a fractional armour

bonus; the total bonus of the pieces worn is

rounded down.

Maximum Dexterity Bonus:  Take the smallest

number of all the parts worn and subtract the

armour check penalties from the rest to obtain the

maximum Dexterity bonus to AC, with a minimum

of +1.

177

THE FIGHTER'S TRADE

Piecemeal Plate

Armour Part*

Arm (rerebrace)

Arm (vambrace)

Breastplate

Fauld (with tassets)

Fauld (without tassets)

Joints (full set)

Joints (individually)

Leg (cuisses)

Leg (greaves)

All information is given for a single piece, not a pair, with the exception of the joints.

Armour Check

Penalty

0.5

0.5

3

1

1

2

0.4

1

0

Max Dex

Bonus

+8

+8

+4

+6

+7





+5

+4

Armour

Bonus

+0.5

+0.5

+2

+1

+0.5

+1

+0.2

+0.5

+0.5

Cost

50 gp

50 gp

160 gp

80 gp

30 gp

150 gp

30 gp

60 gp

60 gp

Arcane Spell

Failure

5%

5%

10%





5%

1%

2%

2%

Weight

3 lb.

3 lb.

15 lb.

5 lb.

2 lb.

5 lb.

1 lb.

4 lb.

4 lb.

Armour Check Penalty and Arcane Spell Failure:

The penalties and chances of failure for each part

are added together so that, in the end, the character

is better off looking for matching pieces of armour

or saving for a custom-made suit of full plate.

Speed:  Wearing from one to four parts (not joints

or breastplate) is equivalent to light armour, from

ve to eight parts (not joints or breastplate) is

equivalent to medium armour; the breastplate

always adds one category (no armour becomes

light, light armour becomes medium, etc.) and the

joints do not count.

Arms

If both parts of an arms plate do not belong to the

same suit of armour, the character may wear only

one or the other, but not both.

  Rerebrace:  Covers the upper arm.

  Vambrace:  Also called bracer, it covers the

forearm.

Joints

Armour for the joints is a special case; they are

seldom effective if they are not all present, for the

additional protection they provide by themselves is

almost negligible.

  Gorget:  A piece of plate that covers the

neck, resting at the shoulders.  If the

gorget is not part of the same suit as the

breastplate, add -1 to the armour check

penalty.

  Pauldron:  Large, curved plate covering the

shoulders.

  Couter:  Covers the elbow.

  Poleyn:  Covers the knee.

Legs

If both parts of a legs plate do not belong to the

same suit of armour, the character may wear only

one or the other, but not both.

  Fauld:  Short, armoured skirt that covers

the character below the waist.  Tassets are

triangular pieces of plate that hang from

the fauld, adding protection to the area

between cuisses and breastplate.  The fauld

can be from a different suit to cuisses and

greaves.

  Cuisses:   Cover the thigh.

  Greaves:   Cover the lower leg.

Torso

The armour piece for the torso is the breastplate,

but this is not the armour type of the same name

found in Core Rulebook I; this is just the plating

that covers the back and front of the torso.  The

armour bonus and weight are halved if the

character is only wearing the front or the back

piece, but all the other statistics remain the same.

Refer to the table below.

Miscellaneous Items

Aquatic Quiver

This is not so much a quiver as a back-mounted

bandoleer, intended to hold arrows in place during

the tumbling and turning

that is common underwater.

A normal open quiver is

extremely likely to spill

arrows during even casual

manoeuvring.

Aquatic Quiver:  5gp; 1 lb.

178

Atl-Atl

The atl-atl is a

device usually

found amongst

humanoid tribes who specialise in massed javelin

attacks, though it also nds favour with many

ghters looking to increase the efciency of a

simple ranged weapon.  Consisting of a straight,

at stick with cord loops at one end and a notch

to rest the butt of a javelin at the other, when

propelled forward, it greatly increases the power

of a thrown javelin.  Any javelin thrown with the

aid of an atl-atl will double its range increment and

gain a +1 bonus to damage rolls.

Atl-Atl:  2 gp; 1 lb.

Crossbow Bayonet

Typically, wielding a crossbow in melee is not the

wisest thing to do, but with the crossbow bayonet

those caught in just such a predicament have their

chances of survival improved immensely.  The

bayonet is mounted upon the tip of a crossbow and

adds weight to the end of the weapon, which can

affect the crossbows

accuracy if not properly

balanced.  Simple-

mounted crossbow

bayonets cause the

bayonet and crossbow

it is mounted on to suffer a 1

circumstance penalty to attack rolls, whereas

properly balanced bayonets do not suffer these

penalties to either the bayonets or crossbows

attacks.

Crossbow Bayonet, Balanced:  +60 gp; Dmg 1d4;

Critical x3; +1 lb.; Piercing.

Crossbow Bayonet, Mounted:  +10 gp; Dmg 1d4;

Critical x2; +1 lb.; Piercing.

Handle Tip

Used to secure the shaft of a mace, morningstar,

ail or axe, handle tips are sometimes used to

imprint a family seal or other symbols, especially

if the weapon is intended to be magical.

Handle Tip:  +15 gp.

Hilt Flail

This modication can be attached to almost any

weapon that has a hilt (or handle).  Simple in

its design, the hilt ail is a chain with a spiked

weight at the end.  This is not to say that the

THE FIGHTER'S TRADE

hilt ail is simple

in its use however.

When attached to

a weapons hilt (or

handle) it makes that

weapon an exotic

double weapon with

all the rules that come with such a distinction.  The

hilt ail may be put in place as a full-round action

that provokes  an attack of opportunity.

With a hilt ail, add a +2 bonus on the opposed

attack roll when attempting to disarm an enemy

(including the roll to avoid being disarmed if the

character fails to disarm the enemy).

When using this weapon to make trip attacks, if

the character is tripped during his own trip attempt,

the hilt ail and the weapon it is attached to can be

dropped to avoid being tripped.

Hilt Flail:  Small Exotic Weapon; +10 gp; Dmg

1d6; Critical x2; Range ; +4 lb.; Bludgeoning.

Ornate Flail or Mace Head

Ornate mace and ail heads are the staple of

many religious orders that gift their paladins with

weapons.  The heads do not confer any additional

benet except recognition and reputation.

Ornate Flail or Mace Head:  +30 gp.

Rosin Bag

Rosin powder lls a small porous packet that is

quite useful for its absorbent properties, which

allows for better grip.  When used upon hands

or gloves, rosin grants a +2

circumstance bonus to Climb

checks and any roll to keep from

being disarmed.  It may also be

used on feet or shoes to gain a +2

circumstance bonus to Balance

checks and any roll to keep from

being pushed back by a bull rush

attack.

Rosin Bag:  12 gp; 1/10 lb.

Serrated Blade

Some weaponsmiths intentionally forge their

weapons to have wickedly-serrated edges

designed to cause the maximum amount of

damage whenever they strike.  It is only the nest

weaponsmiths who have the skill to hone such

179

THE FIGHTER'S TRADE

pommel but a clerics god must favour swords as a

weapon if he wishes to use the pommel as a holy

symbol.

blades to the required sharpness to have any

appreciable effect.  Only masterwork slashing

weapons may be given a serrated edge, either while

they are being forged, or as a later modication.  A

slashing weapon with a serrated blade will grant a

+1 bonus to all damage rolls made with it.

Sword Pommel, Holy:  +25 gp.

Sword Pommel, Ornate

Special pommels are often carved with family

crests or other heraldic symbols, marking the

ownership of the blade.

Serrated Blade:  +300 gp.

Sword Pommel, Ornate:  +120 gp.

Sword Guard, Catcher

This utilitarian sword guard has two prongs

parallel to the blade.  They can catch an opposing

sword when the wielder parries and lets the enemy

blade slide towards the prongs, which grant a +2

bonus to attack rolls for disarm attempts.

Sword Guard, Catcher:  +15 gp.

Sword Guards, Ornate

A weapons blade may be normal, but its guard can

be a masterwork.  A masterwork guard adds 100

gp to the weapons market price and serves little

purpose but to indicate its owners status.

Sword Guards, Ornate:  +125 gp.

Sword Handle, Grip

Made of soft wood, the grip handle is custom-

made for a specic user.  Using a clay model the

intended owner grips, together with measurements

of his arm, reach and ghting style, the artisan

can craft a tailor-made handle for the discerning

customer.  Grip handles give their intended owner

(and nobody else)  +2 enhancement bonus to resist

disarm attempts.

Sword Handle, Grip:  +100 gp.

Sword Handle, Ornate

Inlaid with silver or gold ligree, the ornate

sword handle is another status symbol that merely

improves the look of the sword while sheathed.

Sword Handle, Ornate:  +100 gp.

Sword Pommel, Holy

A pommel may be crafted as a holy symbol that a

cleric or paladin can use when praying and turning

undead.  Paladins have no difculty using a holy

Sword Pommel, Weighted

Weighted pommels are lead balls with gold or

silver plating that attach to the swords handle to

provide a balance more suited for an individual

owner.  It takes the wielder one month of constant

practice to get used to the weight, at which point

he enjoys a +1 bonus to damage.  If a bastard

sword has a weighed pommel, it can be used one-

handed at a -2 penalty, rather than the normal 4,

if the character does not have the Exotic Weapon

Prociency feat.

Sword Pommel, Weighted:  +150 gp.

Swordstealer Hilt

This hilt is designed to be able to trap an

opponents sword in its teeth-like protrusions.

Whenever the swordstealer hilt

is used in conjunction with the

ght defensively or total defence

actions, or the Expertise feat, and

an opponent fails in an attack

roll against the character

by the amount of AC

bonus granted by the

action (by two if the

character is ghting

defensively, four if total defence was used and by

one to ve when the Expertise feat is used), both

immediately make an opposed Dexterity check as

the character attempts to catch the blade, while the

enemy tries to pull it back quickly.  Masterwork

swordstealer hilts will add a +1 circumstance

bonus to this check.  If successful, the character

may immediately make an attempt to disarm the

opponent with a +2 circumstance bonus without

fear of being disarmed if he fails.

Swordstealer Hilt:  +10 gp; +1 lb.

180

Practice Weapons

Practice weapons are rarely used in actual combat,

but sometimes you want to spar without pulling

your punches, so to speak.  When this is the case,

practice weapons are your best option.  Practice

weapons are typically created out of wood, though

occasionally you will nd some with a heavy metal

core to provide a more accurate weight.  The wood

used for practice weapons varies according to the

material which is most readily available in the

region.  For those who are concerned even with

the damage that could be dealt by mere practice

weapons it is not uncommon to sleeve the weapons

in cloth.  This does add to the weight and slightly

off-balances the practice weapons, but is well

worth it if one wishes to avoid the bruises that

normally come with sparring.

Cloth-Sleeved Practice Weapons

Practice weapons sleeved in cloth deal two

less subdual damage per hit than other practice

weapons, but are more unwieldy and suffer a 2

circumstance penalty to attack rolls.

Metal Core Practice Weapons

Have the same size as the weapons that they

mimic, deal subdual damage instead of normal

damage, have the same critical range, weigh

the same as the normal weapon, are considered

bludgeoning weapons and cost one-half the normal

price of the weapon being mimicked.

Wooden Practice Weapons

Have the same size as the weapons that they

mimic, deal subdual

damage instead of

normal damage, have

the same critical range,

weigh half the normal

weight, are considered

bludgeoning weapons and

cost one-quarter the normal price of the weapon

being mimicked.

Exotic Armour

Materials

For the same reasons weaponsmiths craft

weaponry from a variety of materials, so

armoursmiths construct many different types of

armour.  In this section are rules to customise

armour based upon the materials available  each

new type of material is, in effect, a template that

is applied to existing armour.  Typically, a new

181

THE FIGHTER'S TRADE

material will adjust cost, armour bonus, maximum

Dexterity modiers, armour check penalties and

weight.  All other factors for the armour remain the

same.

Bone Armour

Bone armour is signicantly less

expensive than steel armour, but

does not offer much in the way

of protection.  It is ghastly to

behold as it is fashioned from the

bones of humanoid dead.  When

hit by an attack roll of a natural

20, the armours armour bonus

permanently drops by one.  In

addition, characters wearing

bone armour in combat receive

a +2 circumstance bonus to all

Intimidation checks.  Arcane

Necromancy spells have 5% less chance of spell

failure while wearing this armour.

Available Armour:  Scale Mail, breastplate, splint

mail, banded mail, half-plate and full plate.

Bronze Armour

Bronze is typically less expensive than other

materials, but affords less protection.  This material

crosses over easily into most of the armour types.

Available Armour:  Studded leather, chain shirt,

scale mail, chain mail, breastplate, splint mail,

banded mail, half-plate and full plate.

Eln Metal

Highly prized for its

perfection, eln metal is

one of the most valuable

commodities available.

Though elven chain

is the most common

armour of this fabulous

material, just about any

armour may be crafted

with the same attention

to detail and skilled craftsmanship.  Eln armour

is highly prized and not often worn by races

other than elves.  Crafting this armour requires a

master elven armoursmith with at least 15 ranks

in the appropriate skill.  This armour is always

masterwork.

Available Armour:  Chain shirt, scale mail, chain

mail, breastplate, splint mail, banded mail, half-

plate and full plate.

THE FIGHTER'S TRADE

Armour Materials

Cost

30%

33%

+4,000 gp

*

20%



75%

Material

Bone

Bronze

Eln Metal

Gold

Iron

Silver

Wood

weight of armour x 50 gp.

* weight of armour x 200 gp.

Armour

Bonus

2

1

0

4

0

2

1

Max Dex

Bonus

+1

0

+2

3

0

0

2

Armour Check

Penalty

1

0

3

4

0

0

1

Arcane Spell

Failure

0 (-5%)

0

10%

+25%

0

0

+10%

Weight

50%



50%

+100%

+20%



40%

Gold Armour

Decadence knows no

limits.  For the disgustingly

wealthy, or the innitely

foolish, armour constructed

of gold makes a serious

statement.  The cost of such

an impractical suit is enough

to make most commoners

squirm and yet, bearing

the weight of this armour

is a mighty task indeed.

Gold armour appeals only

to a small minority.  Most

adventurers who discover

such suits of armour will

melt it into coins and bars.

Wearing gold armour is

stunning to behold and

grants a +2 circumstance bonus to all Bluff,

Diplomacy and Intimidate checks.

Available Armour:  Chain shirt, scale mail, chain

mail, breastplate, splint mail, banded mail, half-

plate and full plate.

Iron Armour

Iron armour is of high

quality but is inferior to the

protection granted by steel.

While it offers the same

armour bonus, it must be

made far heavier to provide

this protection.  The key

benet to iron armour is

price.  In almost every other

way, iron armour confers

the same benets as steel.

Available Armour:

Studded leather, chain shirt,

scale mail, chain mail, breastplate, splint mail,

banded mail, half-plate and full plate.

Silver Armour

For those both rich and paranoid, armour may

be constructed of silver.  Based more on art than

defence, silver armour is impressive to behold

for commoners and unbearable for lycanthropes.

Silver armour is usually decorative and usually

occupies a wealthy lords hall or display case.

When worn in combat, the armour can be a little

ineffective but impressive nonetheless.

Available Armour:  Chain shirt, scale mail, chain

mail, breastplate, splint mail, banded mail, half-

plate and full plate.

Wood Armour

Wood armour is very common

in less cultivated civilisations.

Like bone, it is loud and

noticeable.  While it affords

very little protection, it is

extremely inexpensive.  Though

not as light as bone armour,

it confers slightly better

protection.  Any re-based

attacks aimed at a character wearing wood armour

require him to make a Reex save (DC 15) to

avoid catching re.

Available Armours:  Scale mail, breastplate,

splint mail, banded mail, half-plate and full plate.

Exotic Weapon

Materials

All weapons purchased at the prices established

in Core Rulebook I default to steel as their base

metal.  The following materials can be added

182

to a weapons description, giving it additional

properties for an added cost.  The majority of

these exotic materials require that the weapon be

masterwork in addition to the costs of the material.

Flint weapons do regular damage to unarmoured

targets or those wearing armour made of leather.

Targets wearing armour made of metal gain DR

2/ against int weapons.

THE FIGHTER'S TRADE

Black Metal

This alloy of silver

and cold iron starts

out with a banded

look, bright silver

and dark iron

mingling together

in complex patterns.  Over time the silver tarnishes

deep black, giving the entire surface a kind of

wavy black sheen.

Black metal weapons combine the strength of cold

iron and the deadly properties of silver to certain

supernatural creatures.  Black metal can pierce the

damage resistance of creatures vulnerable to silver.

It also acts as if it were a +1 weapon for purposes

of piercing damage reduction when the target is a

construct, fey or undead.

The creation process takes at least two weeks

and requires an Alchemy skill check (DC 25).  At

the end of that time the alchemist has produced

enough black metal for one Large weapon, two

Medium-size weapons, or four Small weapons.

Cold Iron

Cold Iron is a blue-black

iron alloy that weighs

quite a bit more than standard iron or steel

weapons.  They are just as strong as their

more normal counterparts and can easily

be used day-to-day in battle.

Cold iron has several unique anti-magic properties.

Any item made of cold iron cannot be enchanted

in any way.  Additionally it gains a +4 bonus

on its saves against magic, including indirect

attacks (such as a reball spell).  Weapons made

of cold iron act as if they were +1 weapons for

determining if they can hit constructs, fey or

undead creatures.

Flint

Flint (and obsidian) weapons are some of the

earliest tools made by the mortal races.

They are effective in their way, and cheap

to make if one knows how.  However,

they are quite fragile and not

well-suited to damaging those

wearing armour made of metal.

Glass

Literally made of blown

or shaped glass, glass

weapons most typically

nd use as ornaments

in decadent courts.

The amount of artistic

effort expended on such

toys can be considerable, ranging from elaborate

decorations to a vast array of colours and degrees

of translucency.  The complex arrangements

of colours, textures and bubbles within a glass

weapon can make it cost far more than even a

masterwork blade of more mundane make.

For some courtiers though just having an artistic

statement does not please them.  These people

spend considerable amounts of coin to have a

razor edge built onto their toys.  When used, these

weapons deal an extra two points of damage,

but have a 50% chance per swing of shattering.

Additionally, they will instantly shatter if they

strike an unyielding metal or stone surface.

Philosophers Steel

This unusual gold metal does not tarnish, reect

anything on its surface or chip.  It

is not subject to wear, cannot be

harmed by re or acid and can

only be unmade by

direct exposure to

sunlight, starlight and

moonlight at the same

time.

Weapons made of philosophers steel become

effectively indestructible.  They are completely

immune to re, acid and cold damage.  They have

a hardness of 50 and 150 hit points.  Furthermore

they repair damage at a rate of three hit points per

round.

Enchanting a weapon made of philosophers steel

costs three times the usual amount, but only costs

three-quarters the typical XP expenditure.

Pure Copper

Alchemically-pure copper has a slightly greenish

tinge to it.  It lacks the strength of iron or steel but

183

THE FIGHTER'S TRADE

has considerably

more exibility

than either of

those two metals.

Furthermore, alchemically-

pure copper has a tendency to

ow back together if the nal item

it forms is damaged or destroyed.  It is

subject to permanent damage by re.

Weapons made of pure copper repair damage from

anything but re-based attacks at a rate of one

point every ve minutes.  They continue repairing

themselves until they restore their original shape or

the object is permanently destroyed by re.  When

striking an opponent wearing metal armour, pure

copper weapons do one less point of damage to a

minimum of one point per die.

Pure Gold

Alchemically-pure gold

retains the weight and softness

of its less-rened ancestor.

However it also takes on a

kind of crystalline shine that

is superimposed over the

normal, metallic gleam of gold.

Although almost useless as a

weapon, such an object can

become a powerful focus.

A pure gold weapon carries

with it a slight, positive charge.

Whenever it comes into contact

with a being that has negative energy (the ability to

channel negative energy or to grant negative levels)

that charge conicts with the negative energy

doing 1d8 magical damage to the target.  This can

be done as a touch attack.

Pure gold weapons are almost useless in regular

combat.  They do 1d4 points of damage when

swung against a mundane opponent.  Each time

a pure gold weapon hits its target there is a 75%

chance that the weapon breaks.

Quicksilver

Quicksilver weapons are not literally made of

quicksilver.  Instead they have a narrow tube

forged into their spine.  That spine is lled with

quicksilver.  This makes the weapon weigh more

than it normally would but gives it

expanded damage potential.  Such

weapons are quite a bit more

difcult to wield, and

can even turn on an

unsuspecting

wielder.

A quicksilver weapon has its threat range increased

by one.  For example a quicksilver scimitar has a

threat range of 17 to 20.  All quicksilver weapons

are exotic weapons, and require a specic exotic

weapon prociency to use properly.  Additionally,

any time that the wielder rolls a one he must make

a Reex save (DC 15).  If he fails then the weapon

twists out of control, disarming him and inicting

normal damage.

Silver Weapons

Knowing the threat lycanthropes present to any

unwary traveller, adventurers will often desire to

own silver weaponry to assist them against the

forces of darkness.  However, silver tarnishes

easily and few adventurers will willingly pay a

huge amount of money to purchase such a weapon

and then risk it in every combat they face.  Silver

weapons are typically used for back up when a

primary weapon has been lost or is proving all-

but-useless against a creature such as a werewolf.

Custom-made silver weapons cost their weight,

multiplied by 50 gp.

Weapon Materials

Material

Black metal

Cold iron

Flint

Glass

Philosophers steel

Pure copper

Pure gold

Quicksilver

Stars heart

Cost

+500 gp

+300 gp

 cost

+200 gp

+1000 gp

+500 gp

+1500 gp

+500 gp

+1000 gp

Weight

x1.5

x1.5

x .75

+0

0

x1.25

x2

x1.75

x1.25

Hit Points

+0

+2



1

150

+0

2

+0

+10

Masterwork Required

Yes

Yes

No

No

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Hardness

+0

+1

1

0

50

+0

4

+0

+2

184

Stars Heart

Occasionally a star falls from the

sky without burning itself out.

Its heart strikes the ground with

tremendous force, shattering the

earth and knocking down trees

for miles.  Weapons made from

a stars heart possess qualities

beyond anything seen from

mortal smiths.

A stars heart weapon does normal damage to

any object that it strikes ignoring Hardness.  It

cannot be damaged by normal weapons, although

enchanted metal weapons and those crafted from

adamantine or mithril can damage a stars heart

weapon.

Lances

For the ghter seeking to gain an edge in a joust,

using lances of variable lengths can win the clever

combatant an entire tournament over those who

insist on using the standard-length lances produced

by their favourite weaponsmiths.  Longer lances

enable a ghter to strike rst in a joust, as the extra

reach his weapon grants means his opponents

weapon may still be some distance away when he

strikes.  However, his accuracy will suffer, as long

lances can be rather difcult to aim from the back

of a mount charging at full speed.  Brave ghters

may instead opt for shorter lances, guaranteeing

that their opponent will strike rst.  This can be

a sensible trade off, however, as the shorter lance

is far more easily controlled and thus the attack,

when delivered, will be devastatingly accurate.

Light lances and shortspears are considered to

give a rider a ve-foot reach beyond his mounts

head, whereas longspears grant an eight-foot

reach.  Most ghters engaged in jousts, however,

will use the heavy lance, which gives a 10-foot

reach beyond the mounts head and thus a great

advantage, as they will undoubtedly strike rst

against an opponent with a shorter weapon.

Fighters often commission the crafting of longer or

shorter lances, with the intention of giving them a

greater advantage in combat.  However, over-sized

lances are difcult to balance from the saddle and

are often unwieldy, while short lanes may result

in the ghter being unhorsed before he has had a

chance to attack.

THE FIGHTER'S TRADE

Any lance may be lengthened at a cost of 2 gp per

extra foot, though no lance may be lengthened

by more than ve feet.  For every foot a lance

is increased in length, the wielder suffers a 2

circumstance penalty to his attack roll.

Any lance may be shortened at a cost of 1

gp per reduced foot, though no lance may be

shortened more than two feet.  For every foot a

lance is reduced in length, the wielder gains a +1

circumstance bonus to his attack roll.

Full rules for jousting may be found in The

Quintessential Fighter by Mongoose Publishing.

Lance, Barbed, Heavy And Light

This lance has a barbed metal tip designed to

tear at wounds and cause more damage with a

successful hit.  The light version is intended for

Small characters.

Lance, Barbed, Heavy:  Medium-size Martial

Weapon; 14 gp; Dmg 1d8; Critical 19-20/x3;

Range ; 10 lb.; Piercing.

Lance, Barbed, Light:  Small Martial Weapon;

10 gp; Dmg 1d6; Critical 19-20/x3; Range ; 5 lb.;

Piercing.

Lance, Blunt, Heavy And Light

The point of this lance is blunt and rounded.  It

deals subdual damage but the wielder gains a free

trip attempt if hitting as part of a mounted charge.

The light version is intended for Small characters.

Lance, Blunt, Heavy:  Medium-size Martial

Weapon; 8 gp; Dmg 1d8 subdual; Critical x3;

Range ; 10 lb.; Piercing.

Lance, Blunt, Light:  Small Martial Weapon; 7

gp; Dmg 1d6 subdual; Critical x3; Range ; 5 lb.;

Piercing.

Lance, Dire

This extraordinarily-long lance is designed to ght

Large and bigger creatures.  It must be used with

both hands, which poses additional problems for

mounted combatants (see jousting shield in the

Armour section).  It has a 15-foot reach, but the

character cannot attack opponents closer than that.

Lance, Dire:  Large Martial Weapon; 20 gp; Dmg

2d6; Critical x3; Range ; 15 lb.; Piercing.

185

THE FIGHTER'S TRADE

Alchemical

Preparations

Soldiers all over the world look to alchemy as a

cheap way to provide them with a slight edge in

battle.  Alchemists willingly indulge their most

fervent customers, hoping that they will see them

again at some time in the future.

Brilliant Oil

This highly-reective oil comes in

a tightly-sealed container.  When

spread on a metallic surface it collects

and focuses light, making the object

difcult to look at for long periods of time.  When

spread on a shield it adds +2 to the characters AC

against ranged attacks for 10 rounds during bright

daylight.  Applying the oil is a full-round action

that provokes an attack of opportunity.

Brilliant Oil:  50 gp; 1 lb.

Burning Oil

This viscous oil ignites one round after

being exposed to air.  It burns for ve

rounds thereafter, inicting one point of

damage to whatever it covers.  If applied

to a weapon, burning oil changes the

damage type of the blade to re for ve

rounds, and allows the weapon to be

used for coup de grace attacks against

regenerating creatures that are vulnerable

to re.

Burning Oil:  20 gp; 1 lb.

Hardening Oil

When applied, this dark red oil soaks into wood or

leather objects, increasing

their hardness by one point.

This oil has no effect on

metal objects.  Any object

treated with hardening oil

takes on a deep red hue.

Furthermore the object

becomes slightly slick to

the touch; weapons treated with the oil give you a

1 circumstance penalty to resist disarm attempts.

Hardening Oil:  50 gp; 2 lb.

Rusting Oil

This oil often nds use in practical jokes, although

it can also be used for springing a  nasty surprise

on an enemy.  It has the same

consistency, colour and feel as

rustproong oil, but inicts 1d4

acid damage per round for 10

rounds to any metallic object

it is spread on.  This damage

permanently reduces the hardness

of the metal object and then works

away at the objects hit points.  If

the object loses all of its hit points it falls apart in

a cloud of reddish dust.  Once the oil is applied it

can only be removed by strong soap.

Rusting Oil:  10 gp; 1 lb.

Rustproong

Oil

This thin, yellow,

lemon-scented oil

protects any metallic

object it coats from

rust or acid damage.

An object coated in

this oil does not rust and gains a +2 bonus to any

save it must make against a magical rusting effect

(such as the touch of a rust monsters antennae).

If the coated object is used, the oil begins to wear

off.  After ve uses (hits with a weapon, deected

attacks for armour or a shield) the oil wears off

completely.

Rustproong Oil:  10 gp; 1 lb.

Smoke Powder

Smoke powder comes in an assortment of small

pouches.  Each pouch holds enough powder

to make a normal-sized campre put out a 10-

foot-radius plume of coloured smoke.  Every

pouch holds a different colour of powder.  When

purchased, the powders come in sets of seven,

one for each colour of the rainbow.  Many armies

use smoke powder for signalling purposes, as a

good-sized plume of smoke can be seen for long

distances on a clear day.

Smoke Powder:  5 gp; 2 lb.

Sticky Oil

Sticky oil comes in a leather bag.  To use it you

cut the bag open and squeeze the

contents onto an object then strike

that object against a surface.  The

force of the blow causes the sticky

oil to harden, holding the two objects

186

together.  This bond is strong enough to hold 200

pounds of weight for as long as one minute before

breaking.  A common use for this oil is to stick an

arrow into the bag, pull it out and then shoot it at

a wall or other xed target.  The arrow sticks to

the wall until someone pulls it off (Strength check

DC 20).  When used in this fashion a single bag of

sticky oil can coat ve arrows before running out.

Sticky Oil:  25 gp; 2 lb.

Waterproong Oil

This simple oil represents the

majority of most alchemists trade.

A single bottle will cover an entire

outt, rendering it impenetrable to

water for one month.  Water sheds

off the surface of the object (which must be leather

or wood) as though off a ducks back.  Dirt and

grime also tend to shed fairly easily.

Waterproong Oil:  5 gp;  lb.

Exotic Siege

Ammunition

With just a bit of engineering and alchemical

know-how, the armies of the world have devised

some truly awful kinds of ammunition for both

siege warfare and sling weapons.  These tools

allow the attackers to make life absolutely

miserable for the defenders, even if they manage to

hold off the assault.

Prices are given either for 10 sling-usable loads or

for a single catapul-usable load.

Acid

These bundles of acid are similar

to acid asks in their damage and

potency.  A siege-load of acid is a

net full of thin glass spheres, each

designed to shatter when they hit

the ground.  A sling-load is a single fragile glass

sphere.  Anyone caught in a 10-foot radius of the

centre of the impact of a siege-load takes 1d6 acid

damage.  There is a 10-foot splash radius around

the centre of the load, in which people take one

point of acid damage.  Additionally the area is

covered with glass shards similar to caltrops.  A

sling-load does 1d6 acid damage to the target but

does not do any splash damage.  Acid-loads are

extremely fragile, having only one hit point.

THE FIGHTER'S TRADE

Acid Load, Siege:  150 gp; 50 lb.

Acid Load, Sling (10):  150 gp; 5 lb.

Blinding

This large, alchemically-treated stone appears to

be nothing more sinister than a typical catapult

stone until it strikes something.  When it strikes

it explodes in a ash of light, doing no damage.

However everyone within a 20-foot radius must

make a Reex save (DC 15) or be blinded for 1d4

rounds.  The sling-load hits as a touch attack but

only affects the target and the Reex

save is at DC 13.

Blinding Load, Siege:  100 gp; 40 lb.

Blinding Load, Sling (10):  100 gp; 4 lb.

Deafening

Thunderstones can be made in a

variety of sizes.  Deafening catapult-

loads deliver massive thunderstones

directly to the enemy.  Everyone

within a 30-foot radius of the centre of the attack

must make Fortitude saves (DC 15) or be deafened

for 2d4 rounds.  Deaf creatures, in addition to the

obvious effects, suffer a 4 penalty to Initiative and

a 20% chance to miscast and lose any spell with a

verbal component that they try to cast.  Sling-sized

loads are much less effective, hitting the target as

a touch attack but not having any effect on other

targets at all.

Deafening Load, Siege:  450 gp; 60 lb.

Deafening Load, Sling (10):  450 gp; 5 lb.

Disease-Bearing

A disease-bearing load

is a massive load of offal

carefully tied together

using string.  It does no

damage when it hits, but

it creates a ripe breeding

ground for disease.  Everyone caught within a

20-foot radius of the centre of impact must make

Fortitude saves (DC 15) or contract one of a

variety of diseases.  Disease-bearing loads are not

suitable for use in a sling.

Disease-Bearing Load, Siege:  50 gp; 50 lb.

Hot Oil

One of the less pleasant attacks available

to defenders, pouring boiling oil on

someone causes 3d6 re damage the

187

THE FIGHTER'S TRADE

rst round, 2d6 damage the second round and 1d6

damage the third and nal round.  Everyone caught

within the 10-foot splash radius takes 2d6 damage

the rst round and 1d6 damage the second round.

Everyone within the area of effect except for the

initial target makes Reex saves (DC 15) for half

damage.  The initial target suffers a touch attack.

Hot oil is typically used by defenders on attackers,

and is not suitable for use as sling ammunition.

Hot Oil:  50 gp; 100 lb.

Hot Sand

Heated sand ies a considerable distance but does

very little damage.  It does, however,

impair the actions, vision and mobility

of anyone caught with in.  Everyone

within a 15-foot radius of the area of

impact must make a Fortitude save

(DC 15).  Those that fail suffer a 2

penalty to all of their actions for the

next 2d8 rounds as they try to get the hot sand out

of their eyes, cloths and other sensitive spots.  Hot

sand takes one hour to heat and is not suitable for

use in a sling.

Hot Sand Load, Siege:  50 gp; 45 lb.

Incendiary

Alchemists re can be deadly when

deployed as a siege weapon.  These

large loads of burning liquid cover a

15-foot area and burn for 2 rounds,

doing 1d6 re damage each round to everyone

caught within the area of effect.  A Reex save

(DC 15) allows the target to escape having only

taken 1d6 damage.  When used as a sling-load,

the load hits as a touch attack and does 1d6 ame

damage but has no splash radius.

Incendiary Load, Siege:  500 gp; 50 lb.

Incendiary Load, Sling (10):  500 gp; 5 lb.

Shrapnel

A shrapnel load is a large pot lled with shards

that explodes on impact.  It does little damage to

the fortication but does 3d6 damage to everyone

within 15 feet of the point of impact

(Reex save DC 15 for half damage).

Shrapnel Load, Siege:  200 gp; 20 lb.

Smoke

A smoke load is a tied-up mass

of smouldering material doused

liberally with an alchemical

formula that makes it smoke

thickly.  When it hits its target the

load falls apart and begins to smoke, lling an

area 15 feet in radius with a thick, black cloud that

lasts for 2d4 rounds (less in windy conditions).

Everyone within the cloud is effectively blinded.

A sling-sized load lls a single, ve-foot square

with a cloud of smoke that lasts for one round.

Hitting a specic square is a touch attack against

anyone occupying that location.

Smoke Load, Siege:  150 gp; 50 lb.

Smoke Load, Sling (10):  150 gp; 5 lb.

Tangle

A tangle load is a carefully-prepared siege version

of a tanglefoot bag.  These massive loads cover a

10-foot radius around the centre of impact with

tough, sticky goo that hardens upon exposure to

air.  Everyone within the area of effect suffers

a 2 penalty to attack rolls and a 4 penalty to

effective Dexterity.  The entangled targets must

make a Reex save (DC 15) or be glued to the

oor, unable to move.  Even with a successful

salve the target can only move at half speed.  For

further effects see the description of

the tanglefoot bag.  A sling-load only

affects one creature and cannot stick

that creature to the oor.  Striking a

creature with a sling-load counts as a

touch attack.

Tangle Load, Siege:  800 gp; 75 lb.

Tangle Load, Sling (10):  800 gp; 5 lb.

Siege Tools

Siege warfare ranks among the most difcult,

dangerous and boring forms of warfare imaginable.

Unless the siege breaks in the rst few weeks this

kind of warfare involves long-term entrenchment

camping, with occasional bouts of mayhem as one

or both sides attempt to test the others resolve.

Builders Kit

A builders kit contains tools for working with

stone and wood as well as excavating earth.  It

is essential to any kind of defensive siege work,

including wall repair and the construction of

pickets.  Use of the kit allows the soldier to use

188

his Craft (siegecraft) , Craft (stonework) and Craft

(carpenter)  skills normally.

Builders Kit:  5 gp; 5 lb.

Builders Kit, Masterwork

A masterwork builders kit

contains perfectly made

tools.  It adds a +2 bonus

to Craft (siege craft), Craft

(stonework) and Craft

(carpenter) skill checks.

Builders Kit,

Masterwork:  55 gp; 5 lb.

Folding Brace

This innovative device looks

like a number of metal struts

hooked together.  However,

in a single round it can

be unfolded to become a

ve-foot-tall by four-foot-

wide archway.  This locked

archway can support up to

2,000 pounds of weight,

making it an ideal support for an unsteady tunnel

or other sapping operation.

Folding Brace:  70 gp; 10 lb.

Hand Bore

A hand bore is a large crank with a good-sized

drill bit on the forward end.  It is used to crack

open tough, stone surfaces or to create ssures

that can be used to weaken a structure.

As a full-round action someone with

Strength of 15 or higher can bore a

one-inch-deep hole in any normal

rock surface.

Hand Bore:  1 gp; 5 lb.

Hand Ram

This short, spear-shaped object has a at, blunt

blade designed for slipping between the stones or

bricks of a fortication wall.  Each round, as a full

round action, a character with a hand ram does 1d6

damage to the section of wall that he works on.

No more than three characters may work

on the same section of wall at a time.

Hand Ram:  2 gp; 15 lb.

THE FIGHTER'S TRADE

Personal Banner

A personal banner is an individualized pennant

that the character attaches to some prominent and

obvious part of his armour (on a pole, lance or

shield most typically).  It allows anyone who is

trying to spot the character a +2 bonus on his Spot

checks.

Personal Banner:  2 gp;  lb.

Portable Ram

This iron-shod wooden beam is the perfect tool for

battering down doors.  Not only does it provide

a +2 circumstance bonus on a Strength check to

break open a door, but it allows a second person to

help without having to roll, adding another +2 to

the check.

Portable Ram:  10 gp; 20 lb.

Portable Shelter

A portable shelter is somewhat more substancial

than a tent, and therefore somewhat more weighty.

It has reinforced siding that provides one-half

cover to anyone within it.  Like a typical tent it

sleeps two.

Portable Shelter:  25 gp; 40 lb.

Quicklime

Quicklime is a by-product

of the creation of charcoal.

Its primary use is to reduce

the smell and potential

contamination of latrines.

Units that use quicklime have

+2 bonus to any Fortitude saves to resist disease

during the long months of a siege.

Quicklime:  100 gp per month; 2,000 lb.

Sappers Kit

A sappers kit contains a variety of tools for the

creation and destruction of tunnels.  Without a

sappers kit you suffer a 2 penalty to Profession

(siege engineer) checks that involve the creation

and destruction of tunnels either for offensive or

defensive purposes during a siege.

Sappers Kit:  5 gp; 5 lb.

Sappers Kit, Masterwork

A masterwork sappers kit contains perfect tools

for the creation and destruction of tunnels in

189

THE FIGHTER'S TRADE

offensive and defensive work.  It grants a +2 bonus

to all Profession (siege engineer) checks involving

sapping operations.

Sappers Kit, Masterwork:  55 gp; 5 lb.

Soldiers Comforts

The life of a soldier is not an easy one.  The

following tools make the life of endless boredom,

punctuated by brief moments of absolute terror,

more bearable.

Signal Banner

A signal banner is a large,

brightly-coloured ag

that can hopefully be seen

across an entire battleeld.

When combined with

signal horns or drums

the ags give the unit

commanders a +2 bonus to any skill or

ability checks required to determine what,

exactly, it is that the army commander

wishes for them to do.

Signal Banner:  5 gp; 5 lb.

Standard

A standard is a tall

banner bearing the

colours and symbol of

the unit, army or nation

that the soldiers ght

for.  Its presence on the

battleeld has a positive

effect on morale.  Losing

the standard causes the

armys morale to falter,

giving them a 1 morale penalty to

all attack and damage rolls until the

standard is reclaimed.

Standard:  500 gp; 10 lb.

Turtle

A turtle is a massive

armoured frame,

covered with what look

like tower shields.  A

turtle provides total

cover to anyone within

it.  Each turtle can

shelter 10 men.  The turtle has a hardness of 10

and 50 hit points.  Men in a turtle move forward at

10 feet per round and cannot see anything outside

of the turtle.

Turtle:  500 gp; 500 lb.

Bones

Six-sided dice are found in some of the

oldest games known to man.  The values

on the faces change from one game to

another but the basic cubic shape remains

the same.  A set of bones can be used for any

number of games of random chance so long as

everyone knows the rules.

Bones:  1 sp; 1/10 lb.

Cards

Cards are a more elaborate

form of game of chance,

readily available only in

cultures that have some

form of printing press

technology (mundane

or magical).  Otherwise cards are for ofcers,

gentlemen and the nobility.  Typically made on

a thick rag paper, cards have a single blank or

patterned side and a painted side showing a value

and some sort of traditional motif.

Cards:  10 gp; 1/10 lb.

Figurine

Many soldiers and artists make simple gurines

of wood or stone.  These keepsakes resemble

good friends, comrades lost in battle or other

subjects that the buyer nds dear.  Some are of

more graphic nature, depicting well-known camp

followers, enemies carved up in the heat of battle

and other similar topics.

Figurine:  1 gp; 1/10 lb.

Folding Stool

This cunning, dwarven contraption uses canvas

and several hinged, metal legs to create a stable,

backless seat that can be

easily folded up and packed.

For an army on the move

such a device is a luxury

 seats are in short supply in a

mobile army camp.

Folding Stool:  10 gp; 2 lb.

190

Jacks

An evolution of the scatter sticks

game, jacks are twisted pieces of

metal vaguely resembling caltrops.

They come in sets of twenty with

a single reasonably elastic ball.

The goal is to bounce the ball, collect as many

jacks as possible, and catch the ball before it hits

the ground.  Endless hours (and quite a bit of coin)

can be spent playing jacks, so much so that some

ofcers regard the game as anathema to army

discipline.

Jacks:  2 gp;  lb.

Memory Stones

This small pouch contains

worn stones, each of which

has the name of a separate

task on it.  When you use these to help you to

remember your daily activities you gain a +2

bonus to any Intelligence check to remember to

perform tasks or to remember what you were doing

at a specic time.

THE FIGHTER'S TRADE

Container

The length of the scabbard is tted with one-to-

three small pockets, mostly used to keep the tools

to maintain the blade, but that also hold other

things.  Each pocket is large enough to contain two

vials.

Scabbard, Container:  6gp; 1 lb.

Dagger

Often seen as cowardly or underhand by paladins,

more worldly characters know that it could save

their lives.  The scabbard is one hand-span longer

than the blade it is supposed to sheath as it hides a

small, spring-loaded dagger that slips through the

scabbards point to become a slightly unwieldy

weapon that deals 1d4 damage.

Scabbard, Dagger:  12 gp; 2 lb.

Fancy

These scabbards are treasures, sometimes worth

even more than the sword they were made to

store.  Fancy scabbards are adorned with the nest,

richest materials and are ripe for enchantment.

Memory Stones:  1 sp;  lb.

Scabbard, Fancy:  1d6x100 gp; 1 lb.

Ofcers Outt

An ofcers outt consists of a uniform tunic,

cloak, trousers, hat, belt and a good pair of riding

boots.  Each outt specically belongs to a

particular unit or army.  Possession of the correct

uniform gives a +2 circumstance bonus to Disguise

skill checks for impersonating an ofcer of the

unit.

Ofcers Outt:  30 gp; 7 lb.

Scabbards

Taking care of his blade is of paramount

importance to a warrior and that includes sheathing

it in a proper scabbard.  Scabbards can be works

of art themselves, made with precious goods

and lined with gold, silver and studded jewels

along its length, with the softest of velvets in the

interior.  Paladins, who cannot afford to generalise

their combat training like a ghter can, tend to

specialise with swords and therefore see scabbards

as an important tool rather than just a place to keep

a sword near their sword arm.  The following are

some specialised scabbard types.

Secret Container

This scabbard has a hidden compartment that can

t one vial, built on the side of the scabbard that

rests against its owners body or at its tip.  It is

useful for keeping holy relics and tokens, but it can

also smuggle small doses of special substances,

such as holy water.

Scabbard, Secret Container:  9gp; 1 lb.

Scatter Sticks

One of the rst and earliest

games, sticks has remained

popular because of its endless

entertainment value.  A pack of

sticks allows a group of men to

burn hours in constant play.  The winner of a game

is determined by an opposed Pick Pocket skill

check, with the highest result getting the most

sticks from the pile.

Scatter Sticks:  2 cp;  lb.

Sharpening Stone, Personal

The personal sharpening stone is

a ne-grained stone that you use

to hone dents and divots out of a

191

THE FIGHTER'S TRADE

blade.  If you take an hour to hone the blade and

make a Craft (weaponsmith) skill check (DC 20)

you can give a non-masterwork, steel slashing

weapon a razor edge.  This increases the threat

range of the weapon by one for the rst hit in the

next combat.

Sharpening Stone, Personal:  10 gp; 2 lb.

Sharpening Stone, Wheel

The wheel sharpening

stone is a three-foot wheel

attached to a foot pedal.  It

allows a craftsman to quickly

sharpen multiple slashing

melee weapons.  Sharpening

each non-masterwork, steel

slashing weapon takes

ve minutes and a Craft

skill check (DC 20).  On a

successful skill roll the weapon acquires a razor

edge and has its threat range increased by one for

the rst hit in the next combat.

Sharpening Stone, Wheel:  200 gp; 150 lb.

Sleeping Draught

This packet of bitter herbs contains

within it powerful sleeping drugs.

After drinking a mug of something

with a full packet in it you must make

a Fortitude save (DC 10) or fall into a

deep sleep.  You may choose to forego this save if

you wish to get a full nights sleep.  Drinking this

draught allows the user to rest fully despite any

troubles he may otherwise have.  In order to wake

up before a full eight hours has past you must

make a Fortitude save (DC 15).

Sleeping Draught:  1 gp; 1/10 lb.

Soldiers Outt

A soldiers outt consists of a

uniform tunic, trousers, hat, belt,

and a good pair of marching

boots.  Each outt specically

belongs to a particular unit or

army.  Possession of the correct

uniform gives a +2 circumstance

bonus to impersonating a

member of the unit.

Soldiers Outt:  5 gp; 7 lb.

Spices

Army food has long been noted

for both its lling qualities

and its appalling blandness.

Soldiers reacted to this early

on by formulating blends of spices designed to

make their food more palatable.  Each blend of

spices is somewhat different; the formulae are

passed on from veteran to recruit down through

the generations and changed slightly each time.  A

single packet of spices contains enough spice to

avour thirty meals.

Spices:  5 gp; 1 lb.

Travel Coins

These one-inch-diameter coins

each depict a different desired

service on one side and an

amount that the holder is willing to pay on another.

They are especially useful in areas where there is

a common currency but not necessarily a common

language (as in a large empire) or when you cannot

speak to any of the natives at all.  Each set of coins

displays things like renting a room, purchasing a

horse or sharpening a weapon.

Travel Coins:  1 gp;  lb.

Umbrella Hat

This massive, slightly

conical, reed hat reaches

just past the shoulders.

Although somewhat clumsy, they do a ne job of

keeping the rain off off a characters head.

Umbrella Hat:  1 cp; 2 lb.

Weapon Harness

This lightweight harness crosses over the users

back and over the shoulders.  It has two chest belts

(one directly below the chest,

the other across the chest) that

must be secured to prevent the

harness falling off.  The harness

has sheaths for two swords on

the back, as well as two hooks

that snap together and hold two

Medium-size weapons at the

waist.  There is also a sheath on

the belt of the weapon harness

and six sheaths along the front

straps to hold daggers.

Weapon Harness:  5gp; 5 lb.

192

Tools of the

Orient

The monk is, perhaps, the ultimate

survivalist.  More than any other class, a

monk is capable of surviving and even

thriving without a single weapon or piece of

equipment.  Still, few monks are so foolish as

to not prepare for any eventuality they may face

and their own disciplines have given rise to a

bewildering array of equipment options.

Alchemical

Substances

Knockout Powder Vial

This powder is made from a

combination of chemicals that cause the

inhaler to lose consciousness.  Typically

the powder is held in a small vial that

is opened when the character wishes

to use it and whipped into the face of

an opponent.  To deliver the knockout

powder the character must make a successful touch

attack.  If successful the opponent must make a

Fortitude save (DC 12) or fall unconscious for 1d4

minutes.

Knockout Powder Vial:  100 gp;  lb.

Samurai Armour

Like all men who go through life on the eld of

battle, the samurai rely on their armour to protect

them from their enemies.  For the samurai, armour

is not only useful as protection in battle, but also

serves as a way to display ones allegiance to

a daimyo and prestige amongst other samurai.

Elaborately decorated armour is very popular

amongst the samurai and it is not unusual for

noble samurai to purchase armour costing ve

times or more the base costs listed below.

Samurai armour is composed of many pieces,

not all of which are worn by all samurai.  For our

purposes, the armour worn on the torso determines

the base Armour Class for a samurai and the many

extra pieces may be used to provide additional

Armour Bonuses, though these often come at the

cost of the samurais Dexterity bonus.  Samurai

may choose their armour as they see t, tailoring

the pieces worn to their outlook and personal

tastes.

193

TOOLS OF THE ORIENT

Do

Constructed of scales of lacquered leather or

metal, this body armour covers the chest and lower

torso of the samurai, its weight hanging across the

shoulders with some supported on the hips.  There

are many different styles of do, though all offer

similar protective capacities.  The differences in

many cases are minor.  For example, the primary

difference between the do-maru and the haramaki

do are the openings in them  do-maru opens on

the right-hand side and the haramaki opens in the

back.  Even more complicated types of do are

sometimes crafted, such as the yokohagi ni-mai

do gusoku (horizontally riveted clamshell cuirass

armour), but all are variations on the basic style.  It

is important to note that the do may be magically

enhanced but other pieces of armour may not.

Haidate

Covering from the waist to the tops of the knees,

the haidate are sometimes also constructed from

scales of lacquered leather or metal.  Few samurai

wear them, despite the protection they offer,

because they limit mobility and are uncomfortable

while on horseback.

Kabuto

These metal helmets are quite elaborate, with

widely-aring neck guards at the back and curled-

back sides which resemble wings.  Decorative

horns are commonly added to the helms, adding to

the demonic appearance of the mempo.

Kote

These sleeves extend from the shoulders down

to the wrists and often overlap the yugake by a

signicant degree to provide protection for the

wrists and backs of the hand.  The kote are either

leather or chain, with splints of metal for added

protection.

Mempo

These metal faceplates are often painted or

otherwise decorated to give the face of the samurai

a demonic, monstrous appearance in battle.  They

also hide the samurais face, disguising any pain or

emotional turmoil he might be experiencing.

Sode

Constructed from laced-together metal plates and

strips of lacquered leather, these shoulder guards

are often large and ridiculously ornate.  Laced

across the shoulders and chest, the sode are quite

TOOLS OF THE ORIENT

large and extend a good deal above

the shoulder and to either side of

the arm as well as extending down

almost to the elbow.

Sune-Ate

Chain or hardened leather shin

protectors, the sune-ate are often

reinforced with short strips of iron

or segmented metal slats.  They

provide protection from just below the

knee to the ankle and are often attached

to the waraji (sandals) of the samurai

with leather ties to keep them in place.

Wakibiki

Designed to protect the armpit area,

these guards are made from leather with

attached metal plates.  The pair of armour

pieces ties around the neck and across the chest,

distributing the weight around the torso.

Yugake

These leather gloves are equipped with a hardened

thumb and forenger to assist in drawing the

powerful daikyu.

Armour of the Samurai

The Daisho

For the samurai, swordsmanship is

a great measure of self-worth.  His

weapons are not simply things of

steel, wood and leather, they are living

entities.  More importantly, they are

a connection between the samurai

and the world around him, a

physical representation of his

skill, determination and courage

in battle.  Because of this, the

daisho  the mated pair of a katana

and a wakizashi  are not mass-

produced.  In lands where samurai

are prevalent, only a member of

this class may even carry the two

weapons together, let alone wield

them.

Katana

The katana is more than a simple weapon, it is

the mark of a samurai.  All of these weapons

are considered masterwork weapons (providing

a +1 attack bonus) and are created specically

for individual samurai.  The katana is a martial

weapon when wielded two-handed but requires

Weight

Speed

Armour

Bonus

Max Dex

Bonus

Armour Check

Penalty

Arcane Spell

Failure

0

0

Cost

+6

+5

+2

+3

(30 ft.)

(20 ft.)

1

2

1

1

2



+1

+2

+1

10%

15%

0%

5%

5%

20 ft.

20 ft.

30 ft.

30 ft.

10 gp

75 gp

25 ft.

20 ft.



10 gp

50 gp

50 gp

Armour

Do*

Leather

Metal

Haidate

Leather

Metal

Kabuto

Kote

Leather

Metal

Mempo

Sode

Sune-Ate

Leather

Metal

Wakibiki

Yugake

The do provides the base Armour Class for the samurai  additional pieces provide an added Armour

Bonus, but also add their modiers to the Max Dex bonus, Armour Check Penalty, Spell Failure and

Movement of the armour.  Thus, a leather do (Max Dex Bonus +6) worn with a metal haidate (Max Dex

Bonus 2) has a Max Dex Bonus of 4 (6 for the do, minus 2 for the haidate.

10 gp

50 gp

25 gp

30 gp

15 gp

50 gp

10 gp

10 gp

5%

10%



5%

15 ft.

10 ft.







5%



+1

+2



+1

+1

+2

+1



1

1





1

1



1

1

2

1



1

2

1



































10 lb.

15 lb.

5 lb.

10 lb.

5 lb.

3 lb.

6 lb.

2 lb.

5 lb.

5 lb.

10 lb.

5 lb.

1 lb.

194

the Exotic Weapon Prociency to use the weapon

in one hand.  A katana is never available for sale

in stores, but must be created for the individual

samurai.

Katana:  Medium-size Exotic Weapon; Dmg

1d10; Critical 19-20/x2; Range ; 6 lb.; Slashing.

Wakizashi

The shorter of the paired daisho, the wakizashi is

not regarded as highly by the samurai who wield

it.  The wakizashi is the more utilitarian of the two

weapons and is worn when the katana is either too

conspicuous or too threatening.  The wakizashi is

also the preferred weapon for committing seppuku.

Wakizashi:  Small Exotic Weapon; 100 gp; Dmg

1d6; Critical 19-20/x2; Range ; 3 lb.; Slashing.

Clubs

Sling-Out Baton

With a ick of the wrist the

sling-out baton can go from

an innocent-looking wooden

(or metal) tube into a club-

like weapon.  This effect is created by the unique

way that the sling-out baton is fashioned (i.e. with

a series of cylinders of decreasing circumference

that surround a solid rod in the centre).  The sling-

out baton comes in a variety of sizes, but only the

lesser form allows the use of the monks unarmed

base attack, including the more favourable number

of attacks per round, along with other applicable

attack modiers.  The sling-out baton can be

extended as a move-equivalency action.

Sling-Out Baton, Greater:  Small Simple

Weapon; 20 gp; Dmg 1d8; Critical x2; Range ; 10

lb.; Bludgeoning.

Sling-Out Baton, Lesser:  Tiny Simple Weapon;

10 gp; Dmg 1d6; Critical x2; Range ; 6 lb.;

Bludgeoning.

Tonfa

This weapon is made from a attened piece of

wood or metal (for martial use) that has a handle

protruding near one end of the shaft at a 90-degree

angle.  The tonfa is quite an effective and easy

weapon to use and those experienced with it can

use it for either defensive or offensive purposes

(though it is primarily a defensive weapon).  A

character can choose to use the tonfa in a defensive

manner (i.e. the length of the tonfa is laid across

TOOLS OF THE ORIENT

the back of the arm) and gain a +1 deection bonus

to his AC.  In addition to this a monk is able to

use his unarmed base attack, including the more

favourable number of attacks per round, along with

other applicable attack modiers.  However, when

using the tonfa in a defensive manner it deals less

damage on a successful attack (see stats below).

When ghting in an offensive manner (i.e. the

tonfa is held with its shaft extended away from the

arm) it does not grant a deection bonus to AC nor

does it allow the monk to use the unarmed attack

base attack.  However, when using the tonfa in an

offensive manner the character can use it to make

trip attacks.  If the wielder is tripped during a trip

attempt, the tonfa can be dropped to avoid being

tripped.

Tonfa, Metal:  Medium-size Simple Weapon; 12

gp; Dmg 1d6 or 1d8; Critical x2; Range ; 12 lb.;

Bludgeoning.

Tonfa, Wooden:  Medium-size Simple Weapon;

3 gp; Dmg 1d4 or 1d6; Critical x2; Range ; 4 lb.;

Bludgeoning.

Blowgun

Staff, Blowgun

This blowgun appears like a normal quarterstaff,

but can be turned into a blowgun within mere

seconds by removing two caps that are placed on

either end.  In addition, the blowgun staff res

slightly larger darts than a typical blowgun.  These

darts can cause injury and have greater penetrating

power.  It is a full-round action to convert the

staff into a blowgun and vice-versa (both provoke

attacks of opportunity) and takes a move-

equivalent action to load.

Staff, Blowgun:  Large Exotic Weapon; 25 gp.;

Dmg 1d6/1d6; Critical x2; Range 10 ft.; 4 lb;

Bludgeoning.

Dart (10):  3 sp; Dmg 1d3; Critical x2; 1 lb;

Piercing.

Blowgun, Greater

Longer than its cousin, the greater blowgun is

typically used in the same manner, although it is a

slightly more effective hunting tool due to its more

lethal darts.

195

TOOLS OF THE ORIENT

Blowgun, Greater:  Large Exotic Weapon; 20 gp;

Dmg 1d3; Critical x2; Range 10 ft.; 4 lb.; Piercing.

Dart (10):  3 sp; 1/10 lb.

Blowgun, Repeating

Designed to re poisoned needles at a much more

rapid rate than its cousin

via the use of a cartridge

that holds eight darts

at a time, thus cutting

down on reload time,

the repeating blowgun

nds use by assassins and rogues alike who prefer

poison to more conventional types of attacks.

While the repeating blowguns needles deal only

1 point of damage on a hit, they can deliver injury

and contact poisons.  The needles deal no damage

and cannot poison a target with a +1 or greater

armour bonus or a natural armour bonus of at least

+3.  Reloading the dart cartridge takes a full-round

action that provokes an attack of opportunity.  The

repeating blowgun comes in two sizes, lesser and

greater.

Lesser Repeating Blowgun:  Medium-size Exotic

Weapon; 50 gp; Dmg 1; Critical x2; Range 10 ft.;

2 lb.; Piercing.

Lesser Repeating Blowgun Cartridge (8):  1 gp;

1/10 lb.

Greater Repeating Blowgun:  Large Exotic

Weapon; 100 gp; Dmg 1d3; Critical x2; Range 10

ft.; 4 lb.; Piercing.

Greater Repeating Blowgun Cartridge (5):  1/10

lb.; 2 gp.

Explosive Darts

These darts have hollow tips that

include a contact blasting powder

and ash cotton (a fast burning

alchemical substance) that cause

a bright ash upon contact with an enemy or

surface.  Anyone within ve feet of the explosive

dart must make a Reex save (DC 15 for direct hit,

DC 10 if within ve feet).  If they succeed, they

have successfully averted their eyes.  If they fail to

save, the explosive ash blinds them for one round

and dazzles them for 1d2 rounds afterward.  Only

greater blowguns may re explosive darts.

Explosive Dart:  2 gp; Dmg 1; Critical x2; Range

10 ft.; 1/10 lb.; Bludgeoning.

Stun Darts

These darts are used to knock

an opponent unconscious and

deliver contact poisons.  Unlike

normal blowgun darts these are rounded at the end

and meant to subdue an opponent instead of deal

injury.  Only greater blowguns may re stun darts.

Stun Dart:  1 sp; Dmg 1d4 subdual; Critical x2;

Range 10 ft.; 1/10 lb.; Bludgeoning.

Boots

Bladed Boots

These specially-made

boots have the additional

modication of a blade

hidden in the soles of their

footwear.  These blades are a

favourite amongst assassins

and rogues alike as they are

rarely discovered because of the way in which they

are concealed.  The blades are typically extended

via a spring located in the heel and activated by

pressing rmly down upon it.  In addition to this

a monk is able to use his unarmed base attack,

including the more favourable number of attacks

per round, along with other applicable attack

modiers when using bladed boots.  An opponent

cannot use a disarm action to disarm a characters

bladed boots.  The cost and weight given are for a

single bladed boot.  An attack with a bladed boot

is considered an armed attack.  Use the Weapon

Finesse feat to apply a characters Dexterity

modier instead of the Strength modier to attack

rolls with a bladed boot.

Bladed Boots:  Tiny Simple Weapon; 20 gp; Dmg

1d4; Critical 19-20/x2; 2 lb.; Piercing.

Tabi Boots

These boots have a split toe design to help with

climbing and ridged rubber soles that improve

traction and reduce sound.  While wearing tabi

boots a character gains a +1

circumstance bonus to Balance

and Climb checks and a +2

circumstance bonus to Move

Silently checks.

Tabi Boots:  10 gp; 1 lb.

196

Chain or Rope

Weapons

Kusari Gama

This double weapon is

made up of a simple

length of chain with a

sickle on one end and a

blunt weight on the other.

Because the chain can wrap around an enemys

leg or other limb, a trip attack can be made with

it.  If a character using a kusari gama is tripped

during the characters trip attempt, the chain can

be dropped to avoid being tripped.  When using

a kusari gama, add a +2 bonus on the opposed

attack roll when attempting to disarm an opponent

(including the roll to avoid being disarmed if the

character fails to disarm his or her opponent).  Use

the Weapon Finesse feat to apply a characters

Dexterity modier instead of the Strength modier

to attack rolls with a kusari gama.

Kusari Gama:  Large Exotic Weapon; 35 gp;

Dmg 1d6/1d8; Critical x2; 15 lb.; Type Slashing/

Bludgeoning.

Manriki Gusari

This double weapon is made

up of a simple length of

chain with a blunted weight

on each end.  Because the

chain can wrap around an

enemys leg or other limb, a

trip attack can be made with it.  If a character using

a manriki gusari is tripped during the characters

trip attempt, the manriki gusari can be dropped to

avoid being tripped.  When using a manriki gusari,

add a +2 bonus to the opposed attack roll when

attempting to disarm an opponent (including the

roll to avoid being disarmed if the character fails

to disarm his opponent).  Use the Weapon Finesse

feat to apply a characters Dexterity modier

instead of the Strength modier to attack rolls with

a manriki gusari.

Manriki Gusari:  Large Exotic Weapon; 40 gp;

Dmg 1d8/1d8; Critical x2; 18 lb.; Bludgeoning.

Shogi

This double weapon is made up of a length of

rope (about 10 feet long) that has a double-bladed

sickle-like weapon attached to one end of the rope

and a heavy, iron ring on the other.  The shogi has

a reach of 10 feet.  In addition, the weapon can

TOOLS OF THE ORIENT

be used against an adjacent

foe.  Because the rope can

wrap around an enemys

leg or other limb, a trip

attack can be made with

it.  If a character using a

shogi is tripped during the

characters trip attempt,

the shogi can be dropped to avoid being tripped.

When using a shogi, add a +2 bonus to the opposed

attack roll when attempting to disarm an opponent

(including the roll to avoid being disarmed if the

character fails to disarm his or her opponent).  Use

the Weapon Finesse feat to apply a characters

Dexterity modier instead of the Strength modier

to attack rolls with a shogi.  Finally, the shogi can

be used as a grappling hook over short distances

(10 feet or less).

Shogi:  Large Exotic Weapon; 30 gp; Dmg

1d6/1d4; Critical x2; 12 lb.; Type Slashing/

Bludgeoning.

Staves

Balancing Staff

This slightly exible staff is created in such a

way that it helps the wielder to maintain balance.

It is considered a double weapon and grants a

+2 circumstance bonus to Balance checks and

Trip attempts against the character wielding the

balancing staff.

Balancing Staff:  Large Exotic Weapon; 5 gp;

Dmg 1d4/1d4; Critical x2; 4 lb.; Bludgeoning.

Ladder Staff

This seven-foot staff has small handles placed at

one-foot intervals on each side of the staff (10 in

all).  As its name implies, the ladder staff can be

used to climb a short distance (up to 10 feet).  In

order to use the ladder staff to climb the character

must take a full-round action that provokes attacks

of opportunity and make a successful Balance

check (DC 20).  If successful, the character is

able to climb the ladder staff (without the need

of a Climb check) up to seven feet in the air.  The

character may also stand on top of the ladder staff

with a successful Balance check (DC 25) and

jump from it (may only perform a standing jump,

standing high jump, or backward jump) adding

the ladders height to the total distance jumped.

Because the staff has handles that can hook behind

197

TOOLS OF THE ORIENT

an enemys leg or other limb, a trip attack can be

made with it.  If a character using a ladder staff

is tripped during the characters trip attempt, the

ladder staff can be dropped to avoid being tripped.

Ladder Staff:  Large Exotic Weapon; 10 gp; Dmg

1d6/1d6; Critical x2; 6 lb.; Bludgeoning.

Siangham Walking Cane

This short staff appears to be nothing more than a

normal walking cane, but with a quick twist and

pull this walking cane produces a siangham from

within.  Monks are able to use their unarmed base

attack, including the more favourable number of

attacks per round, along with other applicable

attack modiers when using the siangham.  It takes

a successful Search check (DC 15) in order to

notice that the canes top knob can be twisted off

to reveal a siangham.

Siangham Walking Cane:  Medium-size Exotic

Weapon; 5 gp; Dmg 1d4 or 1d6; Critical x2; 2 lb.;

Type Bludgeoning or Piercing.

Telescopic Staff

Resembling nothing

more than a foot-long

iron tube when retracted,

the telescopic staff is a

popular innovation that

is often disguised as a

scroll tube.  With the touch of a button, it instantly

telescopes out at both ends to form a six-foot staff

of tubular iron.  Pressing the button again causes

the internal spring mechanism to retract the staff.

A telescopic staff is a double weapon and incurs all

the normal attack penalties associated with ghting

with two weapons (although the off-hand weapon

is considered light).

Telescopic Staff:  Large Simple Weapon; 85 gp;

Dmg 1d6/1d6; Critical x2; 5 lb.; Bludgeoning.

Bows and Arrows

While the samurai are best known for their use

of the daisho, the art of the bow (kyodo)  is

considered an integral part of their training.  As

with all else in the samurai martial arts, the

creation of bows, arrows and even accessories

like quivers, is a regimented, structured practice.

The end result of these traditions are the powerful

198

samurai horse bows and a variety of arrows useful

in many different circumstances.  This section

covers the full range of samurai bows, arrows and

archery accessories.

Daikyu

These extremely long bows (most are seven

feet tall, or more) are designed to be used from

horseback and allow the samurai to re his arrows

a long distance while retaining great power upon

impact.  Though useless from the ground, in the

hands of an archer trained to ght from horseback

these bows are an extremely potent force on

the battleeld.  If a samurai is forced to re his

daikyu while standing, rather than mounted, he

suffers a 4 circumstance penalty on all attack

rolls and may only re a single arrow each round.

The construction technique of the daikyu allows

the creation of mighty daikyu, which allow the

samurai to use his greater strength to inict more

damage with his bow.  See the table below for

more information about the range of mighty daikyu

available for purchase.

Daikyu:  Large Martial Weapon; 100 gp; Dmg

1d8; Critical x3; Range 110 ft.; 5 lb.; Piercing.

Daikyu, Mighty:  (+1) 200 gp; (+2) 300 gp; (+3)

400 gp; (+4) 500 gp; (+5); 600 gp.

Ya (20):  1 gp; 2 lb. (see below)

Fudeko

Made from ash ground to a ne powder, this

substance helps the samurai keep their hands dry

and their grip rm while ring their weapons.

Fudeko:  2 gp.

Tsuru

The bow-string of the samurai is crafted from

natural hemp bres and, more rarely, the hairs of

mystical beasts.  If hairs from monsters are used

in the tsuru, the entire bow is treated as if it were

of masterwork quality (+1 bonus to attack rolls),

but only powerful monsters provide this bonus.  To

gather the materials for a masterwork tsuru, the

samurai must kill a creature of at least 5 HD and

medium size.  Obviously, only creatures with hair

may provide the components for a tsuru.

Tsuru:  1 gp.

Tsuru, Masterwork:  20 gp.

TOOLS OF THE ORIENT

Karimata

The forked arrowhead, also known as a rope-cutter,

is most often used against unarmoured foes or

when hunting large animals.  The wide spread of

this arrowhead allows it to cause a great deal of

damage to the esh and skin of the target but rarely

penetrates deeply into the body.

Karimata:  1 gp; Increment Adj -20 ft.; Dmg

1d10/x3 (-2 vs foes wearing medium or heavy

armour); 10/lb.

Togari-Ya

Long, thin and extremely strong, this arrowhead

is designed to pierce heavy armour.  Though it

causes less damage than a standard arrowhead, its

ability to drive through thick protection makes it

invaluable against the heavier armour often seen

upon the battleeld.

Togari-Ya:  1 gp; Increment Adj -; Dmg 1d6/x3

(+2 to hit against foes wearing medium or heavy

armour); 10/lb.

Yanagi-Ba

Often referred to as a willow-leaf arrowhead, the

yanagi-ba is another arrowhead designed to tear up

esh and create grisly wounds.  Wide-bodied and

razor-sharp, the yanagi-ba rarely penetrates deeply

into the body but is well-known for creating long,

ugly lacerations when striking a target.

Yanagi-Ba:  1 gp; Increment Adj -; Dmg 1d12/x2;

10/lb.

Tsurumaki

The string holder allows the samurai to keep his

strings organized and free from the damp.  Made

from woven rattan treated with waterproong sap,

the tsurumaki is a crucial piece of gear for any

archer.

Tsurumaki:  5 gp.

Yazutsu

These arrow cases are crafted from woven rattan

and narrow to a hard tip at the bottom end.  These

cases may be stabbed into the ground as a move-

equivalent action, allowing the samurai easy access

to his ya.

Yazutsu:  10 gp; 1 lb.

Yumi

This traditional weapon was favoured more by the

ashigaru foot soldier than the samurai, but sees

a great deal of use amongst those warriors who

spend a good deal of time separated from their

horses.  Though not nearly as large as a daikyu,

the yumi still provides a potent punch due to its

asymmetrical design and the extremely springy

laminate wood-and-bamboo construction.  Like the

daikyu, many yumi were built to take advantage of

the greater strength of their wielders.

Yumi:  Medium-size Martial Weapon; 75 gp; Dmg

1d8; Critical x3; Range 70 ft.; 3 lb.; Piercing.

Yumi, Mighty:  (+1) 150 gp; (+2) 250 gp; (+3)

350 gp; (+4) 450 gp; (+5) 550 gp.

Ya (20):  1 gp; 2 lb. (see below)

Yumibukuro

All samurai keep these wraps ready to protect the

nish of their bows from scratches and dents.  The

colourful, padded silk is also used to display the

clan or unit symbol of the samurai.

Yumibukuro:  20 gp.

Ya

The arrows used with the daikyu and yumi are

somewhat longer than traditional European arrows,

giving them a bit more punch and stability.  In

addition, smiths serving the samurai created a wide

variety of arrowheads, many of which are detailed

below.

Ya:  1 gp/20 Ya; 10/lb.

199

TOOLS OF THE ORIENT

Watakusi

Called the esh tearer by its targets, this

arrowhead is adorned with wickedly sloping sides

which hook back towards the shaft to form jagged

barbs.  On a critical hit, this arrowhead lodges

itself deeply into the target, creating a wound

which is difcult to treat and which will quickly

grow more severe if the arrowhead is not removed.

Removing the arrowhead requires a successful

Heal check (DC 15)  if the healer fails the check,

the target suffers an additional 1d4 hit points of

damage.  If the arrowhead is not removed, the

target suffers 2 hit points each round it remains in

his body.

Watakusi:  1 gp; Increment Adj -10 ft.; Dmg

1d10/x3 (see above for special rules); 10/lb.

Demonslayers

The samurai believe strongly in the power of their

weapons to harm outsiders.  Arrowheads of this

type are crafted from steel and inset with beads

of jade which can harness the ki of the wielder

 the arrowhead may be of any of the other types

detailed in this section.  When a samurai res

one of these arrows, he must pay 2 ki in order to

ignite the power of the demonslayer arrow.  Once

ignited, the arrow is able to harm Outsiders with

damage resistance.  For overcoming DR, only,

arrows with this type of head are considered +2

weapons.  Variants of the demonslayer arrow exist

for all elemental types and undead as well and are

available wherever magical weapons are sold.

Demonslayers:  +2 gp; Increment Adj as per

arrow; Dmg 1d10/x3 (may affect outsiders who are

hit only by weapons of +2 or less); 10/lb.

All samurai arrowheads are works of art, with

cut-outs in the surface of the arrowhead used to

identify the daimyo of the samurai who res the

arrow.  The largest arrowheads contain intricately

carved scenes and are revered as treasures by the

samurai who own them.

Shuriken

Throwing Quill

This well-disguised shuriken

appears like a normal writing

quill, but indeed is quite an

effective thrown weapon.  It

takes a successful Spot check

(DC 21) in order to notice the quills true nature.

Up to three throwing quills can be thrown per

attack (all at the same target).  Do not apply the

Strength modier to damage with quills.  They

are too small to carry the extra force that a strong

character can usually impart to a thrown weapon.

Throwing Quill:  Tiny Exotic Weapon; 2 gp; Dmg

1; Critical x2; Range 10 ft.; 1/10 lb.; Piercing.

Miscellaneous

Climbing Claws

These pieces of equipment are quite useful for

climbing especially in conjunction with foot

spikes.  Characters who use them receive a +1

circumstance bonus to Climb checks and can also

use them as impromptu weapons.  In addition to

this a monk is able to use his unarmed base attack,

including the more favourable number of attacks

per round, along with other applicable attack

modiers when using climbing claws.  The cost

and weight given are for a single climbing claw.

An attack with a climbing claw is considered an

armed attack.

Climbing Claws:  Tiny Simple Weapon; 5 gp;

Dmg 1d3; Critical x2; 1lb.; Piercing.

Foot Spikes

These strap-on spikes

provide a stable and secure

footing for almost any

surface and as such grant

a +1 circumstance bonus

to Climb checks and act as

impromptu weapons.  In

addition to this a monk is able to use his unarmed

base attack, including the more favourable number

of attacks per round, along with other applicable

attack modiers when using foot spikes.  The cost

and weight given are for a pair of foot spikes.  An

attack with foot spikes is considered an armed

attack.

Foot Spikes:  Tiny Simple Weapon; 10 gp; Dmg

1d3; Critical x2; 2lb.; Piercing.

Leaden Sleeves

These long, wide sleeves

are weighted with a leaden

ball hidden in the cuff of

the sleeve.  Because the

leaden sleeve is part of the

characters clothing it cannot

be disarmed.  In addition, when using leaden

sleeves monks are able to use their unarmed base

200

attack, including the more favourable number of

attacks per round, along with other applicable

attack modiers.  The cost and weight given are

for a single leaden sleeve.  An attack with a leaden

sleeve is considered an armed attack.

Leaden Sleeve:  Tiny Exotic Weapon; 5 gp; Dmg

1d4; Critical x2; 2 lb.; Bludgeoning.

Acupuncture Kit

This kit comes complete

with a supply of acupuncture

needles, charts of the

pressure points of several

humanoid races and a few

vials for storing herbs.  It is a mandatory accessory

for a healer who wishes to attempt any type of

acupuncture remedy.  An acupuncture kits grants a

+1 circumstance bonus to all uses of the Heal skill.

This bonus does not stack with that gained from

the healers kit.

Acupuncture Kit:  30 gp;  lb.

Animal Fat

Animal fat is the cheapest, most readily available

type of body oil.  It is also the most obvious and

least effective.  A handful, or roughly 5 ounces,

of animal fat is enough to coat a Medium-size

wrestlers body, providing a +1 circumstance

bonus to opposed Grapple and

Escape Artist checks to resist

being Grappled or Pinned.  Two

applications are sufcient to

cover a suit of armour.  Animal

fat remains effective for 1d4

minutes after application, but is so

rancid and visibly greasy that the

Disguise check to mask its presence suffers a -6

circumstance penalty.  Those with the Scent ability

will instantly detect the presence of animal fat

when it moves into range.  Butter, another common

body oil substitute, is considered identical to

animal fat for the purposes of Grappling bonuses

and penalties.

Animal Fat:  1 cp.

Armourer Kit

The armour of the samurai is a complicated affair

with an inordinate number of straps, plates and

anges that are in constant need of repair.  This

kit also contains a number of bamboo slats and

small steel panels to replace bits and pieces lost

TOOLS OF THE ORIENT

during battle.  A samurai who does not have one

of these kits will see his armour degrade over

time, eventually becoming a useless weight upon

his shoulders.  For every month a samurai goes

without an armourer kit (or seeking the services

of a professional armourer who charges 20 gp

for such a maintenance visit), the armour bonus

provided by his equipment is reduced by 1.

Repairing each point of armour bonus lost in this

way requires either a Craft (armourer) check (DC

15) and 10 gp worth of supplies or a visit to the

local smith (who charges 20 gp per point to be

restored).  Magical armour is immune from this

degradation.

Armourer Kit:  50 gp; 10 lb.

Battle Fans

The commanders of the samurai often found

themselves unable to make their voices heard over

the din of battle.  As a result, samurai became

confused or disorganized during the fray and well-

laid plans became a brutal melee without any sense

of organization at all.  The battle fan was created

to alleviate this situation and has seen use in many

samurai conicts.  When used, the battle fan allows

any allies who can see the wielder to receive

orders as if they could hear him communicate

in two-word sentences.  Combined with pre-

battle planning, this allows samurai to coordinate

elaborate attacks while maintaining unit coherency.

Battle Fan:  10 gp; 1 lb.

Dragon Sweat

Dragon sweat is a rare and expensive oil that is

the bane of grapplers.  It takes its name from the

disciples of an infamous, now destroyed, Earth

Dragon wrestling school who used it so liberally

that it would sweat from their pores for weeks after

wrestling bouts.  A single ounce of dragon sweat

is enough to fully coat a Medium-size wrestler

and two applications are sufcient to cover a suit

of armour, providing a +4 circumstance bonus

to opposed Grapple and Escape Artist checks to

resist being Grappled or Pinned.  Dragon sweat

remains effective for 1d4 hours after

rst application.  In addition to being

exceptionally effective, dragon sweat is

virtually undetectable - users gain a +2

circumstance bonus to Disguise checks to

hide its presence.

Dragon Sweat:  10 gp.

201

TOOLS OF THE ORIENT

Dragon Tail Tassel

A dragon tail tassel is a one-to-three-foot long

decorative braid that can be added to the hilt of

any sword.  When the sword is used in combat, the

dragon tail tassel slashes and twirls through the

air, distracting opponents and giving the wielder

a +2 circumstance bonus to Bluff checks when

attempting to feint in combat.  A crude version of

the dragon tail tassel exists for spears and other

pole weapons as well; a tuft of red-dyed horse hair

tied just below the weapons

head, it adds a +1 circumstance

bonus to feint attempts.

Dragon Tail Tassel:  5 gp;  lb.

Explosive Egg

An explosive egg is a unique espionage tool used

to distract and frighten pursuers.  Although its

most famous users are the mysterious assassins

known as the ninja, it has also seen use by several

other, lesser-known organisations.  An explosive

egg is a hollowed-out eggshell lled with a pinch

of black powder and a handful of our or dust.

A thin square of paper is placed over the hole in

the egg, with shell and paper held fast together

by a gum made of sticky, smeared rice.  To

discharge an explosive egg, the user simply throws

it, whereupon it explodes, using the rules for

grenade-like weapons listed in Core Rulebook I.

When the egg breaks, the black powder explodes

in a ash and our lls the air in a thick cloud.

Anyone within 10 feet of the egg must make a

Reex save (DC 10).  If they succeed, they have

successfully averted their eyes.  If they fail to save,

the combination of the explosive ash and the

our in the air blinds them for 1 round.  The our

cloud disperses after 1d4 rounds.  While the cloud

remains, anyone within its 10-foot radius suffers a

2 circumstance penalty to all Spot checks.

An explosive egg is very delicate.  A character

carrying an explosive egg who is struck in melee

combat or affected by an area effect-damaging

spell risks having the egg explode prematurely.

Each time he is struck by a melee weapon, there is

a 20% chance that the egg detonates.  If it does, he

and all characters within 10 feet must immediately

attempt a Reex save as detailed above.  The

owner of the egg suffers a -2 circumstance penalty

to his save.  If he takes any damage from an area

effect spell, regardless of whether he successfully

saved against that spell, there is a 50% chance that

the egg explodes, as detailed above.

Explosive Egg:  10 gp;  lb.

202

Leather Fist Straps

Leather st straps are hand

wraps of soft-boiled leather

that provide both minimal

protection to the wearers

hands and cutting power to his

blows.  On a successful critical

hit, the leather st straps slash

open the skin of the target, causing them to lose an

additional hit point for six- Constitution modier

rounds due to excessive bleeding.  Cumulative

effects stack but creatures immune to critical hits,

or those who cannot bleed (such as constructs and

undead), are unaffected.

Leather Fist Straps:  2 sp;  lb.

Monks Outt

This simple outt includes sandals, loose breeches

and a loose shirt and is all bound together with

sashes.  Though it looks casual, the outt is

designed to give a character maximum mobility

and it is made of high-quality fabric.  A monk

can hide small weapons in pockets hidden in the

folds and the sashes are strong enough to serve as

short ropes.  Depending on the monks style, the

outt may be decorated with designs that indicate

lineage or philosophical outlook.

Monks Outt:  5 gp; 2 lb.

Padded Boxing Gloves

Padded boxing gloves are cotton and rag-stuffed

leather or canvas gloves that t snugly over the

hands and wrists.  The bulk of the padding is

settled across the top and front of the knuckles, to

reduce the impact of unarmed blows.  A character

wearing boxing gloves can inict only subdual

damage when attacking unarmed

and monks are further restricted

to a maximum of d10 unarmed

damage when attacking with their

sts.  Additionally, while wearing

boxing gloves, monks cannot

use their Ki strike or Quivering

Palm ability in conjunction with

st attacks, nor may spellcasters cast any spell

requiring gestures.  Unscrupulous competitors

sometimes hide metal shot or small iron plates in

the interior of their gloves, allowing them to inict

normal damage with a successful blow.  Gloves

altered in such a manner cost and weigh twice as

much as normal boxing gloves.

Padded Boxing Gloves:  1 gp; 1 lb.

TOOLS OF THE ORIENT

able to throw up ashes of light that are visible for

a dozen or more miles.  Naturally, both types of

mirror are limited by available sunlight and even

minor clouds reduce the signalling distances by

half.  On overcast days, the mirrors are completely

useless and are replaced by signal res on the

towers of the shiro.

Signal Mirror, Hand:  5 gp, 1 lb.

Signal Mirror, Tower:  100 gp; 20 lb.

Studded Bracers

Forearm-length wrist guards of heavy leather

studded with steel, studded bracers are an excellent

choice for martial artists, as

they offer protection from

the accidental injuries that

can result from blocking

swords and ying arrows.  A

martial artist who wears a

set of studded bracers gains

a +1 bonus to his Reex save for the purposes of

deecting arrows as per the Deect Arrows feat.

Studded Bracers:  Shield; 5 gp; AC +0; Max Dex

; Check ; SF ; Spd ; 1 lb.

Tear Away Robes

The outts worn by many martial artists can be

a liability against a skilled grappler, as the loose

folds of robes make for easy handholds.  The

solution is the tear away robe.  This is made of

the same sturdy fabric as a normal monks outt

but is held together at the seams with thin thread

that tears away easily when given a hard tug.

Tear away robes give a +2 bonus to all opposed

Grapple or Escape Artist checks rolled to resist or

escape from a grapple.  After the rst successful

check, the seams split and the robes fall free from

the wearer in several large pieces.  A tear away

robe can be used more than once but it must be

sewn together with

a successful Craft

(tailor) check (DC 15)

if the wearer wishes to

receive the same tear

away benets every

time.

Tear Away Robes:  6

gp; 3 lb.

Prayer Beads

Prayer beads are long strings of

wooden or, rarely, jade or ivory beads

worn around the neck.  Most prayer

beads are small, roughly the size of

a marble, though prayer beads the

size of eggs or even oranges are not

unknown.  It is common in most monastic orders

for monks to wear a string of prayer beads, usually

as an aid to meditation.  Novice monks are taught

to slowly count the beads as a way of taming their

thoughts, a habit that stays with many monks for

years or even decades.  Though it is not common,

some monks choose to use their prayer beads

as weapons, whipping them in wide circles as

impromptu ails.  A chain of prayer beads used in

this manner adds +2 to Trip attempts and a monk

can choose to drop the beads rather than risk being

tripped in return.

Prayer Beads:  Medium-size Exotic Weapon; 5

gp; Dmg 1d8; Crit x2; Range -; 2 lb.; Bludgeoning.

Saddle, Masterwork

As mounted warriors, the samurai are quite fond of

their saddles.  Their traditional designs have been

perfected over centuries of use, creating a light,

exible saddle that allows the horse maximum

mobility while providing the samurai with a stable

platform from which to ght.  All Ride checks

made by the samurai in combat or when attempting

to remain astride his mount receive a +3 bonus

when using this type of saddle.

Saddle, Masterwork:  100 gp; 25 lb.

Signal Mirrors

Used for communicating over long distances, these

mirrors allow samurai to quickly relay messages

from one encampment to another.  From on foot, a

samurai can create a ash of reected light visible

for a mile or so while a samurai on a hilltop (30

to 50 feet above the ground) can create a series of

ashes visible for up to 5 miles.  These handheld

mirrors are generally made from polished steel and

are ovals roughly 4 long and 3 wide.  Samurai

are only able to transmit simple signals (advance,

retreat, wait, warning), but the speed with which

they can issue these messages gives them great

manoeuvrability and rapid response times.

A variant of the signal mirror is often mounted on

the outer towers of a shiro, allowing the denizens

to transmit messages over a much greater distance.

Often several feet in diameter, these mirrors are

203

TOOLS, TRADES AND CRAFTS

Tools,

Trades and

Crafts

The tools used by commoners for their trades

and crafts rarely hold any interest for the

average adventurer.  However, the canny

character will always keep a close eye on the

equipment used by the common folk who choose

to stay within their safe villages, town and cities,

for these devices have been around for centuries

and perfected over time.  Though adventurers may

not always use such tools in the manner they were

intended, it is a foolish traveller who does not at

least consider the potential uses of these items.

equally at home in a tree trunk or a bandits neck.

Few commoners will

dare venture into the

wilderness without

a ready tool that

also serves well as a

makeshift weapon.

Woodsmans Axe:  Small Martial Weapon; 4 gp;

Dmg 1d6; Critical x2; Range ; 5 lb.; Slashing.

Belaying Pin

These items are the heavy rods, found on any

sailing ship of note, used to hold secure the bracing

lines (rigging) that support the sails and hold them

in position as they catch the wind.  However, in

boarding actions, sailors have been known to grab

spare or unused belaying pins and wield them as

ad hoc weapons.

Ankus

Used primarily

as a goad for large beasts, the ankus has a short

haft, sharpened to a point, with a curved side hook

with which to prod an animal forward.  The ankus

grants a +2 circumstance bonus to any Handle

Animal checks made with creatures of Large size

or greater.

Belaying Pin:  Tiny Simple Weapon; - gp; Dmg

1d3; Critical x2; 2 lb.; Bludgeoning.

Branding Iron

For use with cattle, horses or

manservants, the branding iron

can be forged to apply a letter, symbol or family

crest.  Just heat and burn.

Ankus:  Medium-size Martial Weapon; 2 gp; Dmg

1d4; Critical x2; Range ; 3 lb.; Piercing.

Branding Iron:  6 gp; 1 lb.

Artisans Outt

A shirt with buttons, a skirt or trousers with a

drawstring, shoes and perhaps a cap or hat.  This

outt may include a belt or a leather or cloth apron

for carrying tools.

Artisans Outt:  1 gp; 4 lb.

Axe, Carpenters

A simple tool, this axe can be

wielded as a formidable weapon

if an adventurer is surprised

without his sword to hand.  With the axe blade

mounted at right angles to the short shaft, this

weapon is used to literally hack an enemy apart.

Carpenters Axe:  Small Simple Weapon; 1 gp;

Dmg 1d4; Critical x3; Range ; 2 lb.; Slashing.

Axe, Woodsmans

Typically used in the cutting of timber and

rewood, the woodsmans axe is a utilitarian tool

Chain

Chain has a hardness of 10 and 5 hit points.  It can

be burst with a Strength check (DC 26).

Chain:  30 gp per 10-ft. length; 2 lb.

Chastity Belt

Though commonly found protecting the virtue of a

rich nobles daughters, this iron-clad chastity belt

has much to offer the female adventurer.  It is a

sad fact that many comrades a female adventurer

may travel with are likely to be rough and uncouth

individuals with few morals.  By the application

of a chastity belt, a female adventurer can guard

her honour and thwart the base desires of the

most unrened party member.  Several different

versions are produced, providing different levels

of protection from skilled

rogues and their lockpicking

tools.  Rumours of a male

version of the chastity belt

are unfounded.

204

TOOLS, TRADES AND CRAFTS

Chastity Belt (Open Locks DC 20):  60 gp; 6 lb.

Chastity Belt (Open Locks DC 25):  120 gp; 6 lb.

Chastity Belt (Open Locks DC 30):  240 gp; 6 lb.

Chastity Belt (Open Locks DC 40):  450 gp; 6 lb.

and at least a full-round action to light a re with

a magnifying glass).  It grants a +2 circumstance

bonus on Appraise checks involving any item that

is small or highly detailed, such as a gem.

Dice Set

A common diversion for many commonfolk after a

hard days work, there are innumerable games that

may be played with a full set of dice.  A complete

set of dice will contain a four, eight, ten, twelve

and twenty-sided dice, as well as two six-sided

dice and a leather throwing cup.

Bone Dice Set:  6 cp.

Ivory Dice Set:  8 sp.

Silver Dice Set:  4 gp.

Flask

A ceramic, glass or metal container tted with a

tight stopper.  It holds 1 pint of liquid.

Flask:  3 cp.

Grindstone

Far superior to the labour-intensive whetstone,

this mechanical device can return a decent cutting

edge or thrusting point to the dullest of weapons.

A whetstone may require over an hours work

to sharpen the average sword  this grindstone

can complete the task in a quarter of the time.

A slashing or piercing weapon that is not kept

in good order through the use of a whetstone or

grindstone will gradually become duller, losing its

edge or point.  A 1 penalty to damage rolls will

be incurred for every three months that the weapon

is not sharpened.  An extra-large version of the

grindstone is available, requiring three people to

operate but allowing for the sharpening of Large or

Huge weapons.

Grindstone:  25 gp; 21 lb.

Grindstone, Extra Large: 100 gp; 200 lb.

Jug, Clay

A basic ceramic jug tted with a stopper.  It holds

1 gallon of liquid.

Jug, Clay:  3 cp; 9 lb.

Magnifying Glass

This simple lens allows a closer look at small

objects.  It is useful as a substitute for int, steel

and tinder when starting res (though it takes light

as bright as direct sunlight to focus, tinder to light

Magnifying Glass:  100 gp.

Manacles and Manacles,

Masterwork

These manacles can bind a Medium-size creature.

The manacled character can use the Escape Artist

skill to slip free (DC 30, or DC 35 for masterwork

manacles).  To break the manacles requires

success at a Strength check (DC 26, or DC 28 for

masterwork manacles).  Manacles have a hardness

of 10 and 10 hit points.  Most manacles have locks;

add the cost of the lock to the cost of the manacles.

For the same price, one can buy manacles for

Small creatures.  For Large creatures, manacles

cost ten times this amount and for Huge creatures,

one hundred times this amount.  Gargantuan,

Colossal, Tiny, Diminutive and Fine creatures can

only be held by specially-made manacles.

Manacles:  15 gp; 2 lb.

Manacles, Masterwork:  50 gp; 2 lb.

Peasants Outt

A loose shirt and baggy breeches, or a loose shirt

and skirt or overdress.  Cloth wrappings are used

for shoes.

Peasants Outt:  1 sp; 2 lb.

Pitchfork

This farming device is useable as a weapon.

Whilst a pitchfork may be thrown, it is certainly

less aerodynamic than the trident, hence its

reduced range

increment.

Pitchfork:

Medium-size Simple Weapon; 1 gp; Dmg 1d6;

Critical x2; Range 5 ft.; 5 lb.; Piercing.

Sailors Wax

Sailors wax is an alchemical gel that costs 5 gp

to manufacture and has a DC of 13 to create.  A

single jar of the ooze covers one suit of Medium-

size armour, two suits of Small armour, 10

Medium-size weapons, 20 Small weapons or 40

Tiny weapons.  It takes about an hour to apply

it to armour and about ve minutes to apply it

205

TOOLS, TRADES AND CRAFTS

to a weapon.  Once applied, it protects the item

from normal (but not magical) rust for two days.

It is intended primarily for use on underwater

expeditions, as routine day-to-day exposure to

incidental moisture can be dealt with by normal

equipment maintenance.

Sailors Wax:  10 gp; 10/lb.

Scale, Merchants

This scale includes a small balance and pans and a

suitable assortment of weights.  A scale grants a +2

circumstance bonus to Appraise checks involving

items that are valued by weight, including anything

made of precious metals.

Scale, Merchants:  2 gp; 1 lb.

Scholars Outt

A robe, a belt, a cap, soft shoes and possibly a

cloak.

Scholars outt:  5 gp; 6 lb.

Sea Chest

A commonplace item,

found within the cabins

of all captains and regular

sea travellers, a sea chest

is an innocuous looking

item, large enough to

hold most of a persons

valued possessions.  However, it is extremely

well-constructed and is able to resist being fully

submerged in water, keeping its contents dry

and safe.  There are many oft-told tales of a ship

sinking with the only remains found being a sea

chest oating on the waves, still holding a doomed

sailors most prized possessions.

Sea Chest:  25 gp; 30 lb.

Smithy

Required to forge metal

armour and weapons, the

smithy includes a furnace,

anvil and all tools and

moulds necessary.

Smithy:  600 gp;

1,250 lb.

Stocks

A common feature

of even the smallest

village, the stocks

are an excellent way

to hold lawbreakers

fast and ensure they

realise the error of their ways.  This is a simple,

wooden framework with a two-part, upright panel

that holds both head and hands securely.  A lock is

included (Open Lock DC 20).

Stocks:  25 gp; 48 lb.

Target, Archers

Constructed out of straw with a painted cotton,

circular aiming section, the archers target

allows any adventurer with time on his hands to

practice the use of new ranged weapons.  Any

character spending eight consecutive hours per

day practising with a ranged weapon and the target

may automatically gain prociency in the weapon

after three months.  Only simple and martial

ranged weapons may be practised with the archers

target  exotic weapons may still be used but

characters will not gain prociency with them until

the appropriate feat is selected.

Archers Target:  18 gp; 22 lb.

Tarred Armour

Life on the ocean usually precludes the use of

heavy armour, for one slip from the rigging or

a wave sweeping across the deck can result in

a sailor plummeting into the sea, where even

chainmail can quickly pull him to a watery

grave.  Leather and studded leather armour is far

more common but many warriors, particularly

those used to war on land, greatly miss the added

protection a layer of metal grants in battle.  One

technique used to negate this problem is to prepare

a mixture of thick tar, interlaced with thin strips

of leather.  This thick, oily mixture is then applied

to leather or studded leather armour, providing a

thin but welcome additional layer of protection.

This layer has to be constantly reapplied to ensure

its effectiveness and it does tend to create foul

odours, though those used to shipboard life rarely

complain.

Applying tar to leather or studded leather armour

increases the Armour Class bonus by +1.  This

must be reapplied at least once a month to retain its

effectiveness.  Those wearing tarred armour take

double damage from re-based attacks unless a

206

TOOLS, TRADES AND CRAFTS

Toolkit, Mapmakers

Includes everything to create accurate maps of the

surrounding terrain, from open grasslands to dank

caverns and dungeons.

Includes parchment with

pre-drawn gridlines,

coloured charcoal and a

small, wooden ruler.

Mapmakers Toolkit:  12 gp; 1 lb.

Toolkit, Navigators

This is a set of special tools, essential to the

navigators trade  no Navigation checks may be

made at sea without a full

navigators toolkit.  This

set contains a wide variety

of tools and instruments to

enable a navigator to work

his craft including log lines

and chips to measure speed,

a lead line to gauge depth, an hourglass, lodestone

and a wide range of maps and charts.

Navigators Toolkit:  250 gp; 8 lb.

Toolkit, Surgeons

Consisting of a scalpel, scissors, small mirror

and other tools, the surgeons kit is useful for

inspecting a corpse, dissecting a creature or

otherwise performing

minute examinations of

a living or dead creature.

While some healers may

use the kit to help tend

to a wounded comrade,

it provides no additional

bonus to Heal checks.

Surgeons Toolkit:  30 gp; 1 lb.

Vial, Ink or Potion

A ceramic, glass or metal vial tted with a tight

stopper.  The stoppered container usually is no

more than one inch wide and three inches high.  It

holds one ounce of liquid.

Vial, Ink or Potion:  1 gp; 10/lb.

save is allowed for half damage.  A successful save

halves the damage and a failure results in double

damage.

Tarred Armour:  25 gp; AC +1; +1 lb.

Toolkit, Bowyer/Fletchers

This toolkit contains all the tools required for a

character to create bows,

crossbows, arrows and

bolts.

Bowyer/Fletchers

Toolkit:  20 gp; 2 lb.

Toolkit, Coinsmiths

This includes all the

tools necessary for

a character to smelt,

cast, mint and stamp

the coins of the

local kingdom.  The

availability of this kit

is severely restricted,

with only those sanctioned by the governing body

being permitted to use it legally.

Coinsmiths Toolkit:  N/A; 200 lb.

Toolkit, Keymakers

Of special interest to roguish

adventurers may be the

keymakers toolkit, which

allows any key obtained to be

duplicated with just a days

work.  A wax pad will keep

the imprint of any key until

a suitable place can be found to le down the

supplied blank keys to t the impression.  A Craft

(locksmith) check (DC 15) will be required to

successfully copy most keys.

Keymakers Toolkit:  95 gp; 1 lb.

Toolkit, Leatherworkers

This includes all the tools necessary for a character

to soak, tan, boil, wax and sew leather armour,

essential to both

construct and repair

such armour.

Leatherworkers

Toolkit:  70 gp;

175 lb.

207

TOOLS, TRADES AND CRAFTS

Mounts and Related

Gear

Barding

Although some special mounts may have natural

protection, warhorses and the more common

mounts do not, and if the character is going to

charge into battle on it, it is better that he does

not rely entirely on the Mounted Combat feat to

deliver it from attacks.

Barded animals require special attention.  Care

must be taken to prevent chang and sores caused

by the armour.  The armour must be removed at

night and ideally should not be put on the mount

except to prepare for a battle.  Removing and

tting barding takes ve times as long as normal

armour of the same type.  Barded animals cannot

be used to carry any load other than the rider and

normal saddlebags.  Because of this, a mounted

warrior often leads a second mount for carrying

gear and supplies.

Cart

A two-wheeled vehicle drawn by a single horse (or

other beast of burden).  It comes with a harness.

Barding

Dog, Riding

This Medium-size dog is specially trained to carry

a Small humanoid rider (not a dwarf).  It is brave

in combat like a warhorse.  No damage is taken

when falling from a riding dog.

Donkey or Mule

The best pack animal around, a donkey or mule

is stolid in the face of danger, hardy, sure-footed

and capable of carrying heavy loads over vast

distances.  Unlike horses, theyre willing (though

not eager) to enter dungeons and other strange or

threatening places.

Feed

Horses, donkeys, mules and ponies can graze to

sustain themselves, but providing feed for them

(such as oats) is much better because it provides a

more concentrated form of energy, especially if the

animal is exerting itself.  Riding dogs must be fed

some meat, which may cost more or less than the

given amount.

Saddles

Amazon

Noble ladies ride amazon or side-saddle style

to protect their virtue.  Both legs hang from

Armour

Bonus

Max Dex

Bonus

Armour Check

Penalty

Speed

(50 ft.)

2

+4

+4

50 ft.

40 ft.

400 gp

(40 ft.)

(60 ft.)

0

0

1

Weight*

+8

+6

+5

+1

+2

+3

60 ft.

60 ft.

60 ft.

50 ft.

50 ft.

50 ft.

40 ft.

40 ft.

40 ft.

20 lb.

30 lb.

40 lb.

20 gp

40 gp

100 gp

Barding Cost*

Light Barding

Padded

Leather

Studded

Leather

Chain

Mantle

Medium Barding

60 gp

Hide

200 gp

Scale

Chain

600 gp

Heavy Barding

800 gp

+6

Splint

Banded

1,000 gp +6

Half-plate 2,400 gp +7

Costs and weights shown are for Large creatures, such as horses.  Barding for Medium-size creatures, such

as ponies and riding dogs, cost and weigh half as much.

*A mount wearing heavy barding moves at only three times its normal walk speed when running, rather than

four times.

Flying mounts cannot y in medium or heavy barding.

30 ft.**

30 ft.**

30 ft.**

40 ft.**

40 ft.**

40 ft.**

35 ft.**

35 ft.**

35 ft.**

90 lb.

70 lb.

100 lb.

50 lb.

60 lb.

80 lb.

30 ft.

30 ft.

30 ft.

40 ft.

40 ft.

40 ft.

35 ft.

35 ft.

35 ft.

+4

+3

+2

+3

+4

+5

+0

+1

+0

3

4

5

7

6

6

50 lb.

60 ft.

208

one side of the mount and the amazon saddle

accommodates this position for both females and

males.  It takes more practice to ride side-saddle,

requiring the rider to have at least two ranks in

Ride for normal riding and 5 ranks for combat

riding.  The benet of riding side-saddle is more

a matter of elegance and grace, granting the rider

a +2 circumstance bonus to Bluff, Diplomacy and

Performance checks while mounted.  The rider

may not guide the mount with her knees in order to

use both hands in combat (although empathically-

linked mounts, such as a paladins special mount,

need no such direction), but the DC for a fast

mount or dismount is 15 instead of 20.

Cutting

One of the more stable of saddles, it is a

favourite of explorers who must navigate difcult

terrain.  Thanks to its build, it allows the rider

to stay centred in the saddle and provides strong

support so as not to fall.  It gives the rider a +2

circumstance bonus to Ride checks for guiding

the mount through difcult terrain and staying

in the saddle.  However, it is not too comfortable

in the long run, with the rider suffering a -2

on Constitution checks for forced marches or

Fortitude checks related to exhaustion.

Exotic

An exotic saddle is like a normal saddle of the

same type except that it is designed for an unusual

mount, such as a pegasus.  Exotic saddles come in

military, pack and riding styles.

Fitted

Not really a kind of saddle, but more the way

the saddle is made.  Any tted saddle is crafted

for the specic mount it is used upon and allows

the mount greater comfort while carrying a rider.

While using a tted saddle, a rider gains a +1

circumstance bonus on all Ride or Handle Animal

checks.

Light Cavalry

Meant for light warhorses or very mobile mounts,

this saddle has short stirrups that allow the rider

to manoeuvre his mount with great exibility.  A

character with the Mounted Combat feat gains a

+2 on Ride checks meant to avoid damage to the

mount and may make a Ride check (DC 15) to stop

a charge action and move 20 feet in any direction.

However, the rider suffers a -2 circumstance

penalty to Ride checks to stay in the saddle when

hit in combat.

TOOLS, TRADES AND CRAFTS

Military

A military saddle braces the rider, adding a +2

circumstance bonus to Ride checks related to

staying in the saddle.  If a character is knocked

unconscious while in a military saddle, he has a

75% chance to stay in the saddle (compared to

50% for a riding saddle).

Pack

A pack saddle holds gear and supplies, not a rider.

A pack saddle can hold as much gear as the mount

is able to carry.

Riding

The standard riding saddle supports a rider.

Travel

Lighter and better secured than an ordinary saddle,

the travel saddle is meant for comfortable long

rides for both rider and mount.  Both gain a +2

circumstance bonus to Constitution checks for a

forced march.  The saddle is not as useful in more

agitated conditions, with the rider suffering a -2

circumstance penalty on Ride checks when guiding

the mount through difcult terrain or during

combat.

Saddles

Cost*

Item

12 gp

Amazon

15 gp

Cutting

+5 gp

Fitted

12 gp

Light Cavalry

Travel

10 gp

For exotic mounts, such as a riding dog or griffon,

multiply the cost by three and add an additional 5

pounds to the weight.

Weight*

20 lb.

30 lb.

+5 lb.

20 lb.

25 lb.

Sled

This is a wagon on runners for moving through

snow and over ice.  In general, two horses (or

other beasts of burden) draw it.  It comes with the

harness needed to pull it.

Stabling

Includes a stable, feed and grooming.

Wagon

This is a four-wheeled, open vehicle for

transporting heavy loads.  In general, two horses

(or other beasts of burden) draw it.  It comes with

the harness needed to pull it.

209

RULES SUMMARY

Rules Summary

Arcane Sorcery

Armour

Bonus

Max Dex

Bonus

Cost

Armour

Check Penalty

Armour

Light Armour

Armoured Sleeves 30gp

115gp

Combat Robe

8gp

Misers Robe

Arcane Spell

Failure

Speed

(30 ft.)

(20 ft.)

Weight

+1

+0

+0



+10

+9

1





5%

0%

0%

30 ft.

30 ft.

30 ft.

20 ft.

20 ft.

20 ft.

5 lb.

4 lb.

4 lb.

Extras

Wizards Armour* +200gp 2

See the description of this armour for special rules.

 Armour tted for Small characters weighs half as much.





10%





5 lb.

Weapon

Tiny Simple Weapons  Melee

Icepick*

10 gp

Cost

Damage

Critical

Range Increment

Weight

Type

1d3

18-20/x2



1 lb.

Piercing

Small Simple Weapons  Melee

Ritual Dagger*

55 gp

1d4

Medium-size Simple Weapons  Melee

Handled Net*

10 gp



x2



Ammunition



75 gp

Darkre Arrow*

Darkre Bolt*



75 gp

See the description of this weapon for special rules.









20 ft.

20 ft.

1 lb.

Piercing

2 lb.

 lb.

 lb.







Item

Acid (1-Pint Flask)

Acid Bulb

Acidic Tar (-Pint Flask)

Alchemists Fire (1-Pint Flask)

Alembic, Greater

Antitoxin (Vial)

Appraisal Kit

Appraisal Kit, Masterwork

Barrister Case

Burning Glove

Candle

Candle, Bright

Candle, Cold

Candle, Relighting

Candle, Standing

Candle, Self-Lighting

Candle, Smoking

Candle, Sparking

Celestialabe

Cost

10 gp

90 gp

50 gp

20 gp

100 gp

50 gp

25 gp

75 gp

250 gp

50 gp

1 cp

1 gp

1 gp

1 sp

2 gp

1 gp

5 sp

5 sp

650 gp

210

Weight

1 lb.

 lb.

 lb.

1 lb.

2 lb.



5 lb.

5 lb.

15 lb.

1 lb.









10 lb.







4 lb.

RULES SUMMARY

Chortle Bomb

Concealing Ring

Concentration Pie

Darkre Orb

Darkre Stick

Dowsing Rods, Arcane

Familiars Pack

Familiars Pack, Plated

Fire Gloves

Firebane Parchment (Per Sheet)

Fireproof Oil

Flare Paste

Fox Fire (-Pint Flask)

Gallowgum

Gelatinous Breath

Glitter

Grease (10 Applications)

Hastening Oil (10 Applications)

Hood and Cowl

Ice Cutter

Ice-Maker

Identication Kit

Identication Kit, Masterwork

Ink (1 Oz. Vial)

Ink, Coloured (1 Oz. Vial)

Inkpen

Inscribing Paint

Jesters Bell

Mages Component Ring

Neverweather Satchel

Otterskin

Paper (Sheet)

Paralysis Pellet

Parchment (Sheet)

Prism, Spell

Prism, Alchemical

Purity Stone

Robe, Alchemists

Robe, Arcane

Robe, Deep Pockets

Robe, Shadowsilk

Robe, Winterbane

Ruler, Wizards Cloth

Rust Orb

Scroll, Waterproof

Scrollcase, Adamantine

Scrollcase, Leather

Scrollcase, Mithril

Scrollcase, Watertight

Scroll Dispenser

100 gp

50 gp

25 gp

50 gp

25 gp

300 gp

90 gp

150 gp

10 gp

10 gp

50 gp

5 gp

10 gp

10 gp

250 gp

25 gp

5 gp

300 gp

+5 gp

15 gp

25 gp

30 gp

80 gp

8 gp

16 gp

1 sp

3 gp

10 gp

25 gp

110 gp

90 gp

4 sp

100 gp

2 sp

150 gp per spell level

500 gp

20 gp

10 gp

55 gp

7 gp

35 gp

20 gp

80 gp

550 gp

110% of scrolls cost

500 gp

1 gp

250 gp

5 gp

150 gp

211

 lb.



 lb.

1 lb.

 lb.

1 lb.

4 lb.

10 lb.

2 lb.



1 lb.

2 lb.

 lb.



1 lb.

1 lb.

 lb.

1 lb.

+1 lb.

1 lb.

1 lb.

4 lb.

6 lb.







1 lb.





5 lb.

4 lb.



 lb.



1 lb.

1 lb.

 lb.

4 lb.

4 lb.

4 lb.

4 lb.

9 lb.

1 lb.

1 lb.



 lb.

 lb.

 lb.

 lb.

2 lb.

RULES SUMMARY

Smokestick

Spell Component Pouch

Spellbook, Wizards (Blank)

Staff, Arcane

Staff, Explorers

Staff, Extending

Staff, Extending, Masterwork

Staff, Final Strike

Staff, Fire

Staff, Kestrel Stand

Staff, Light

Staff, Lightning Node

Staff, Hollow Core

Staff, Quick

Staff, Sage

Staff, Thunder

Staff, Walking Stick

Staff, War

Stinging Smoke

Sunrod

Surgeons Kit

Tanglefoot Bag

Thunderstone

Tindertwig

Travelling Chest

Universal Stylus

Water Clock

Wizards Clothes Modications

No weight worth noting.

 These items weigh one-quarter this amount when made for Small characters.

Containers for Small characters also carry one-quarter the normal amount.

20 gp

5 gp

15 gp

100 gp

15 gp

50 gp

350 gp

150 gp

45 gp

50 gp

25 gp

80 gp

150 gp

1 gp

75 gp

45 gp

5 gp

355 gp

35 gp

2 gp

65 gp

50 gp

30 gp

1 gp

100 gp

25 gp

1,000gp

+10 gp



 lb.

3 lb.

5 lb.

4 lb.

10 lb.

10 lb.

10 lb.

5 lb.

4 lb.

5 lb.

9 lb.

7 lb.

3 lb.

3 lb.

5 lb.

1 lb.

7 lb.

 lb.

1 lb.

2 lb.

4 lb.

1 lb.



10 lb.

1 lb.

200 lb.



Spell Component

Bar, Alum

Bar, Flint

Bar, Magnet

Bar, Silver

Bead, Crystal

Bead, Glass

Bell, Crystal

Bell, Tiny

Bitumen, Vial

Blade, Iron

Blood, Human

Blood, Umber Hulk

Bone, Small

Bone, Undead Creature

Brackish Water, Vial

Chain, Silver

Cloth, Ghouls

Cost

3 gp

4 cp

2 sp

5 gp

2 cp

1 cp

18 gp

4 cp

2 cp

3 sp

4 sp

22 gp

2 cp

3 gp

2 cp

12 gp

6 gp

Coal

Cocoon

Cone, Crystal

Cone, Glass

Cord, Silk

Cotton Cloth Square

Dung, Bat

Dung, Bull

Egg, Rotten

Essence, Will-O-Wisp (Vial)

Eye, Umber Hulk

Eyelash, Basilisk

Eyelash, Human

Eyelash, Ki-Rin

Eyelash, Ogre Mage

Feather, Exotic Bird

Feather, Hummingbird

Feather, White

212

1 cp

4 cp

3 gp

1 gp

2 gp

2 cp

4 cp

2 cp

1 cp

60 gp

75 gp

100 gp

1 cp

37 gp

26 gp

8 gp

1 gp

6 cp

RULES SUMMARY

Fur, Bat

Fur, Bloodhound

Fur, Bull

Fur, Cat

Fur, Fleece

Fur, Horse

Fur, Wool

Gauze

Glass Eye

Glove, Heavy Cloth

Glove, Leather

Glove, Leather And Ringed In Zinc

Glove, Snakeskin

Glove, Soft Cloth

Gum Arabic

Heart, Chicken

Hemisphere, Crystal

Hide, Chameleon

Honey, Vial

Honeycomb

Horn, Small

Incense

Ink, Lead-Based

Insect, Cricket

Insect, Firey

Insect, Fly

Insect, Glowworm

Insect, Grasshopper

Insect, spider

Iron, From Iron Golem

Key, Brass

Leaf, Ivy

Leaf, Skunk Cabbage

Leather Bellows, Tiny

Leather Strip, Displacer Beast

Leather, Arm Thong

Leather, Cured

Lens, Glass

Lens, Ruby

Lens, Sapphire

Lodestone

Loop, Small Golden

Marble, Crystal

Marble, Polished

Miniature Cloak

Miniature Musical Instrument

Miniature Sword, Platinum

Molasses, Vial

Mushroom spores

Petal, Rose

2 sp

2 cp

5 cp

2 cp

3 cp

2 cp

2 cp

7 cp

6 gp

8 sp

1 gp

28 gp

2 gp

7 sp

3 sp

3 sp

2 sp

8 sp

6 cp

2 cp

6 sp

1 gp

50 gp

2 cp

4 cp

1 cp

3 cp

2 cp

3 cp

4 gp

1 sp

2 cp

1 sp

2 gp

8 gp

3 sp

1 sp

30 gp

1,650 gp

1,500 gp

2 gp

3 gp

1 gp

4 sp

3 gp

12 gp

250 gp

6 cp

3 cp

1 cp

Phosphorescent Moss

Pin, Silver

Plaque, Ivory

Pork Rind

Pot, Clay

Powder, Amber

Powder, Animal Hoof

Powder, Black Pearl

Powder, Brimstone

Powder, Carbon

Powder, Carrot

Powder, Charcoal

Powder, Coloured Sand

Powder, Corn Extract

Powder, Crystal

Powder, Diamond

Powder, Dirt From Ghouls Lair

Powder, Dry Tinder

Powder, Dust

Powder, Garlic

Powder, Gold

Powder, Granite

Powder, Grave Dirt

Powder, Herring Scales

Powder, Iron

Powder, Jade

Powder, Lime

Powder, Mica

Powder, Peas

Powder, Phosphorus

Powder, Rhubarb Leaf

Powder, Ruby

Powder, Salt

Powder, Sand

Powder, Silver

Powder, Soot

Powder, Sulphur

Powder, Talc

Prism, Crystal

Prism, Mineral

Quartz

Quicksilver (Mercury), Vial

Reed

Rod, Amber

Rod, Crystal

Rod, Glass

Rod, Iron

Rod, Iron Pyrite

Rod, Phosphorescent Crystal

Rod, Silver

213

1 sp

2 sp

50 gp

2 cp

3 cp

10 gp

2 cp

500 gp

8 cp

4 cp

1 cp

2 cp

4 cp

4 cp

15 gp

200 gp

3 gp

1 cp

1 cp

2 cp

25 gp

2 cp

1 sp

1 gp

2 cp

250 gp

2 cp

1 gp

1 cp

1 gp

3 cp

50 gp

1 cp

1 cp

5 gp

1 cp

4 sp

1 gp

8 sp

1 gp

8 sp

10 gp

2 cp

8 gp

2 gp

8 sp

2 cp

3 cp

6 gp

1 gp

RULES SUMMARY

Root, Liquorice

Sheet, Iron

Shell, Egg

Shell, Nut

Shell, Tortoise

Shell, Turtle

Silk Square

Snake Scale

Sphere, Clay

Sphere, Crystal

Sphere, Glass

Spider Web

Sponge

Spoon, Silver

Statuette, Ivory

Statuette, Jade

Statuette, Wax

Statuette, Wood

3 sp

2 sp

1 cp

1 cp

1 gp

15 sp

7 sp

2 cp

2 cp

3 sp

1 sp

1 sp

3 sp

4 sp

4 gp

25 gp

1 gp

1 gp

Stomach, Adder

String

Strip, Ivory

Sunstone

Sweat, Barbarians

Sweet Oil, Vial

Tallow

Tentacle, Giant Octopus

Tentacle, Giant Squid

Tongue, Snake

Vinegar, Vial

Wax

Whistle, Silver

Whitewash, Vial

Wire, Copper

Wire, Gold

Wire, Silver

3 gp

1 cp

7 sp

5 gp

5 sp

1 sp

4 cp

28 gp

32 gp

5 sp

3 cp

1 cp

6 sp

2 sp

2 cp

2 gp

2 sp

Bards And Theatres

Max Dex

Bonus

Armour

Bonus

Cost

Armour

Check Penalty

Arcane Spell

Failure

Speed

(30 ft.)

(20 ft.)

Weight

Armour

Light Armour

Bardic Armour

Concealed

Armour

Reversible Bardic

Doublet

250 gp +3

160 gp +1

40 gp

+2

+6

+8

+8





1

Shields

Parasol (Shield)*

150 gp +1



1

Extras

Acrobatic

Armour*

See the description of this armour for special rules.

 Armour tted for Small characters weighs half as much.

+20% 





10%

5%

10%

5%



30 ft.

30 ft.

20 ft.

20 ft.

15 lb.

10 lb.

30 ft.

20 ft.

10 lb.





4 lb.





5 lb.

Weapon

Medium-size Simple Weapons  Melee

1d6

Parasol (Weapon)*

150 gp

Cost

Damage

Medium-size Exotic Weapons  Ranged

Gypsys Net*

80 gp

 / 1d4

Critical

Range Increment

Weight

Type

x2



4 lb.

Piercing/

Bludgeoning

 / x2

10 ft.

8 lb.

/Slashing

Extras

Hollow-Bladed*

x2

See the description of this weapon for special rules.

* The weapon deals subdual damage rather than normal damage.

1**

x5



214



Piercing

RULES SUMMARY

Item

Bag of Glass

Balls, Juggling (Set Of Five)

Courtiers Outt

Disguise Kit

Dramatic Make-Up (10 Applications)

Elegant Clothes

Elf Cord

Entertainers Outt

False Faces Kit

Flash Dragon

Horn, Speaking

Jesters Outt

Lantern, Stage

Magicians Chest

Manikin

Nobles Outt

Phantom Player

Pocket Of Sashes

Reversible Clothes

Royal Outt

Trampoline

Tuning Fork

Unicycle

Weapon Case

No weight worth noting.

 These items weigh one-quarter this amount when made for Small

characters.  Containers for Small characters also carry one-quarter the

normal amount.

Weight

1 lb.

2 lb.

6 lb.

8 lb.

1 lb.

9 lb.



4 lb.

3 lb.

 lb.

 lb.

3 lb.

4 lb.

5 lb.

30 lb.

10 lb.

3 lb.

 lb.

5 lb.

15 lb.

10 lb.



15 lb.



Cost

10 gp

8gp

30 gp

50 gp

50 gp

320 gp

N/A

3 gp

150 gp

20 gp

4 gp

4 gp

75 gp

100 gp

180 gp

75 gp

30 gp

20 gp

250 gp.

200 gp

80 gp

5 gp

250 gp

+25 gp

Masterwork Instruments

Effect

Beautiful

Expressive

Inspirational

Martial

Prevailing

Pure

Resonant

Rich

Suggestive

Superior

Craft Modier

+3

+5

+3

+5

+3

+3

+4

+5

+4

+6

Musical Instruments

Instrument

Bagpipes

Bellows Organ

Clappers

Drums, Buckle

Drums, Kettle

Cost

15 gp

500 gp

1 sp

2 gp

10 gp

Cost

+200 gp

+100 gp

+150 gp

+400 gp

+100 gp

+150 gp

+100 gp

+50 gp

+150 gp

+300 gp

Weight

4 lb.

500 lb.

1 lb.

1 lb.

10 lb.

215

RULES SUMMARY

10 gp

50 gp

15 gp

5 sp

2 gp

50 gp

100 gp

80 gp

50 gp

30 gp

20 gp

50 gp

50 gp

Drums, War

Fiddle

Flute, Metal

Flute, Wooden

Haling Drawharp

Harp

Hurdy-Gurdy

Metronome

Portable Organ

Trumpet

Trumscheit

Whistle, Screaming

Whistle, Wild

No weight worth noting.

 These items weigh one-quarter this amount when

made for Small characters.

5 lb.

1 lb.

2 lb.

1 lb.

2 lb.

7 lb.

10 lb.

1 lb.

7 lb.

2 lb.

4 lb.





Clerics And Temples

Max Dex

Bonus

Armour

Bonus

Cost

Armour

Light Armour

Holy Robes

Holy Vestments

250 gp

40 gp

+3

+2

+6

+6

1



+150 gp 

Extras

Emblazoned

Shield*

Sacred Armour* +300 gp 

See the description of this armour for special rules.

 Armour tted for Small characters weighs half as much.









Weapon

Tiny Simple Weapons  Melee

Kartika

Cost

2 gp

1d3

Small Simple Weapons  Melee

Athame

20 gp

1d3

Medium-size Simple Weapons  Melee

1d6

Dorje

1d2

Scourge

150 gp

30 gp

Medium-size Martial Weapons  Melee

Flail, Sprinkling*

12 gp

1d8

x2

x2

x2

x2

x2

Extras

Sacred Weapon*



See the description of this weapon for special rules.

+500 gp 

216

Armour

Check Penalty

Arcane Spell

Failure

Speed

(30 ft.)

(20 ft.)

Weight

10%

5%





30 ft.

30 ft.

20 ft.

20 ft.

15 lb.

15 lb.













Damage

Critical

Range Increment

Weight

Type

5 ft.

5 ft.

10 ft.







3 lb.

Piercing

1 lb.

Piercing

5 lb.

2 lb.

Bludgeoning

Slashing

5 lb.

Bludgeoning





RULES SUMMARY

Item

Altar Shroud

Back Travois

Banner

Banner, Sacred

Bell

Besom

Blessed Food (Per Meal)

Bull-Roarer

Candle Snuffer

Candlemaking Kit

Chalice

Clerics Travelling Outt

Clerics Vestments

Crystals

Diadem

Divine Symbol Flask

Drum, Ceremonial

Estuary Case

Fairy Dust

Field Healers Kit

Fire Wheel

Font, Great (Per 10 ft. By 10 ft. Section)

Font, Portable

Graveyard Soil

Headgear, Ritual

Healers Kit

Holy Symbol, Bronze

Holy Symbol, Copper

Holy Symbol, Gold

Holy Symbol, Silver

Holy Symbol, Wooden

Holy Texts

Holy Water (1-Pint Flask)

Horn

Icon, Huge

Icon, Large

Icon, Medium-size

Icon, Small

Icon, Tiny

Kneeling Bar

Mandala

Mani Wheel

Offering Bowl

Ordeal Chamber (Per 10 Sq. ft.)

Pendulum

Pennant

Pennant, Sacred

Pipe

Pipe Organ

Cost

50 gp

100 gp

350 gp

450 gp

100 gp

1 gp

1 gp

5 sp

7 sp

20 gp

100 gp

50 gp

5 gp

1gp

250 gp

50 gp

50 gp

120 gp

5 sp

55 gp

15 gp

1,500 gp

150 gp

3 gp

50 gp

50 gp

15 gp

5 gp

50 gp

25 gp

1 gp

40 gp

25 gp

20 gp

1,600 gp

800 gp

400 gp

200 gp

100 gp

30 gp

1 gp

200 gp

40 gp

300 gp

100 gp

200 gp

300 gp

5 gp

1,900 gp

217

Weight

2 lb.

20 lb.

10 lb.

10 lb.

5 lb.

1 lb.

 lb.

2 lb.

 lb.

5 lb.

2 lb.

10 lb.

6 lb.

1 lb.

1 lb.

1 lb.

5 lb.

12 lb.



1 lb.

1 lb.

1,000 lb.

4 lb.

1 lb.

1 lb.

1 lb.

1 lb.

1 lb.

1 lb.

1 lb.

*

1 lb.

1 lb.

3 lb.

1,000 lb.

100 lb.

10 lb.

1 lb.



2 lb.

1 lb.

25 lb.

2 lb.



10 lb.





1 lb.

4,000 lb.

RULES SUMMARY

Poison Antidote Kit

Portable Altar

Prayer Beads

Prayer Book

Prayer Rug

Preservative Fluid (1-Pint Flask)

Relic Case

Relic, False

Relic, True (When Available)

Relic Treatment Tools

Reliquary, Medallion

Reliquary, Pouch

Reliquary, Ring

Reliquary, Shrine

Reliquary, Sword Pommel

Ritual Sword

Sacred Cords (1 ft.)

Sacricial Implements

Sea Salt

Shamans Outt

Singing Bowl And Puja Stick

Smudging Stick

Sprinkler, Holy Water

Thurible

Tingshas

Tower Bells (Per Bell)

Vase

Wine, Ritual (Per Bottle)

No weight worth noting.

* Ten of these items together weigh 1 pound.

 These items weigh one-quarter this amount when made for Small characters.

Containers for Small characters also carry one-quarter the normal amount.

100 gp

160 gp

50 gp

100 gp

80 gp

30 gp

75 gp

50 gp

20,000 gp

150 gp

10,000 gp + Item

10,000 gp + Item

10,000 gp + Item

10,000 gp + Item

10,000 gp + Item

100 gp

1sp

100 gp

6 sp

4 gp

35 gp

1 gp

20 gp

125 gp

60 gp

2,000 gp

40 gp

15 gp

2 lb.

12 lb.

1 lb.

2 lb.

5 lb.

1 lb.

10 lb.

1 lb.

1 lb.

2 lb.











7 lb.



10 lb.

1 lb.

10 lb.

10 lb.



1 lb.

5 lb.

1 lb.

800 lb.

2 lb.

1 lb.

Sacred Oil

Ash, Oak and Thorn

Briarwood

Cedar

Diamond

Erinyes Tears

Feywing

Hellstorm

Jasper And Yarrow

Leafrot

Myrrh

Nightshade

Purity

Ritual Focus

Cost per Vial

200 gp

85 gp

100 gp

350 gp

125 gp

150 gp

175 gp

200 gp

180 gp

50 gp

150 gp

210 gp

300 gp

218

RULES SUMMARY

Cost

25 gp

50 gp

10 gp

50 gp

40 gp

2 sp

4 cp

60 gp

25 gp

100 gp

40 gp

20 gp

3 cp

26 gp

Weight











8 lb.

1 lb.















Food And Drink, Drugs And Herbs

Item

Acacia

Adders Balm

Adders Tongue

Agaric

Agrimony

Ale, Gallon

Ale, Mug

Angelica

Anise

Arquefoil Tincture

Asafoetida

Avens

Baked Garlic (Per Bulb)

Baked Garlic, Blessed (Per

Infusion)

10 gp

Banquet (Per Person)

Belladonna

100 gp

Bladderwrack Tea (Steeped) 120 gp

10 gp

Blessed Rose Petals

150 gp

Blue Vision

30 gp

Boneset

300 gp

Bramble Hold

2 cp

Bread (Per Loaf)

50 gp

Broom

80 gp

Catmint Potpourri

60 gp

Celandine

1 sp

Cheese

2 cp

Chicken (1)

1 gp

Cinnamon

5 sp

Clean Water (Per Gallon)

10 gp

Cloves

10 gp

Comfrey Root

10 gp

Cow

90 gp

Damiana Oil

10 gp

Dandelion

25 gp

Deathstalk

50 gp

Deirdres Tears

150 gp

Eaglesight

80 gp

Elderberry

125 gp

Elftrick (Per Fruit)

40 gp

Eyeblight

150 gp

Eyebright

50 gp

Faerie Wings

400 gp

Fenwater Bile

40 gp

Figwort

2 cp

Flour

210 gp

Gardenia Balm

2 gp

Ginger Or Pepper

Goat

Hallowower Essence

Hawthorn

Hearty Broth (8 Servings)

Hemlock

Henbane

Holly

Horehound

Hush Berry

Icebloom Rose Tea

Ignis Weed

Jow

Jowlnumb (1-Pint Flask)

Knowing Tree Oil

Larkspur

Lightning Balm

Lotus

Lovers Bloom

Mandrake

Meals, Common (Per Day)

Meals, Good (Per Day)

Meals, Poor (Per Day)

Meat

Mindsharp

Mistletoe

Moneycall Potion

Monkshood

Mothers Milk

Mugwort

Mullein

Nights Cream

Nightingale Balm

Openquiet Oil

Ox

Paindull

Pig

Poisonbane

Pomegranate (Per Fruit)

Quickenberry Tea

Rage Wine, Bottle (24

Servings)

Rations, Trail (Per Day)

Ratspaw Poultice

Saffron

Salt

Sheep

Skullcap

Sleepy Tea (12 Servings)

Speaksweet Brew





1 lb.









 lb.







 lb.



1 lb.

8 lb.







1 lb.























1 lb.



1 lb.

1 gp

500 gp

50 gp

1 gp

100 gp

75 gp

30 gp

20 gp

500 gp

125 gp

15 gp

10 gp

70 gp

350 gp

10 gp

225 gp

400 gp

90 gp

150 gp

3 sp

5 sp

1 sp

3 sp

25 gp

10 gp

500 gp

50 gp

500 gp

200 gp

20 gp

250 gp

4 gp

90 gp

15 gp

80 gp

3 gp

300 gp

5 gp

140 gp

75 gp

5 sp

80 gp

15 gp

5 gp

2 gp

20 gp

1gp

280 gp







1 lb.















1 lb.

1 lb.



















 lb.

































1 lb.

1 lb.



1 lb.

1 lb.









219

RULES SUMMARY

Starberry Fruit (3 Pieces)

Starberry Fruit Preserves

(12 Servings)

Swines Rest

Tea Leaves

Tobacco

Travel Bread (Per Loaf)

Ture-North (Per Seedpod)

Twinklejuice

Unicorns Horn (Per Piece)

Universal Rations (20

Servings)

Vileblossom Essence

2 gp

5 gp

10 gp

2 sp

5 sp

3 gp

5 gp

200 gp

80 gp

1 gp

1 lb.

1 lb.



1 lb.

1 lb.

 lb.







1 lb.

350 gp



Wakeberries (Each)

Wheat

Willstone Tea

Wine, Common (Pitcher)

Wine, Fine (Bottle)

Witch Hazel

Wolfs Bane

Wood Betony

Wormwood

Woundwort

Xanaphers Toil

Yarrow And Nettle Balm

Zarakroot Chew (10 Uses)

1 cp

1 cp

160 gp

2 sp

10 gp

75 gp

25 gp

10 gp

15 gp

25 gp

150 gp

300 gp

100 gp



1 lb.



6 lb.

1 lb.















1 lb.

No weight worth noting.

 These items weigh one-quarter this amount when made for Small characters.  Containers for Small

characters also carry one-quarter the normal amount.

Incense

Bane Of The Wolf

Enamour

Far Seer

Lady Luck

Maidens Touch

Mindbender

Pure Endurance

Quick & Nimble

Strength Of The Bull

Ward Of Evil

Wisdom Of The Ages

Wits Fool

Scentbreaker

Camaraderie

Eyes Of The Night

Spiritcaller

War Mist

Cost (Per Stick)

22 gp

8 gp

25 gp

6 gp

6 gp

12 gp

14 gp

12 gp

18 gp

31 gp

10 gp

16 gp

20 gp

18 gp

25 gp

32 gp

30 gp

Honour Amongst Rogues

Armour

Check Penalty

Max Dex

Bonus

Armour

Bonus

Cost

Armour

Light Armour

Footpads Vest*

60 gp

+1





Extras

Armour Padding +50 gp 



See the description of this armour for special rules.

 Armour tted for Small characters weighs half as much.

1

220

Arcane Spell

Failure

Speed

(30 ft.)

(20 ft.)

Weight





30 ft.

20 ft.

2 lb.





+5 lb.

Damage

Critical

Range Increment

Weight

Type

RULES SUMMARY











3 lb.

1 lb.

Piercing

Piercing

10 lb.

Slashing

1 lb.

1 lb.





Cost

Weapon

Tiny Exotic Weapons  Melee

Clawed Gauntlets

Killpicks

8 gp

60 gp

Large Exotic Weapons  Melee

Xornclaw Shovel*

500 gp

1d4

1d2

1d8

x3

x3

x2

Extras



15 gp

Hilt, Blast Cap*

Hilt, Removable*



5 gp

See the description of this weapon for special rules.





Item

Acid (Per Vial)

Armor Cracker

Armor Crippler

Ashen Powder (Handful)

Bag, Snapdragon

Birds Tongue

Blackface (5 Applications)

Bodysuit, Silk

Caltrops (Bag)

Camouage Makeup

Clay And Wax Box

Clay

Cloak, Hangmans

Compartment Book

Contact Paper (Sheet)

Diagram Set

Disguise Kit, Waterproof

Ear Blade

Erasing Broom

False Knife

False Tooth

Finger Blade

Flash Powder

Glass Cutter

Glass Gargle

Gloves, False Finger

Gloves, False Flesh

Grapplegum (1 Sq. In.)

Horse Nails (Bag)

Iceow Oil (1-Pint Flask)

Jailbreak Tools

Jellysh Paste (Per Dose)

Lightning Bug Oil (1-Pint Flask)

Listening Cone

Lock, Amazing

Lock, Average

Cost

5 gp

2 gp

5 gp

20 gp

5 gp

3 gp

50 gp

225 gp

1 gp

10 gp

90 gp

5 gp

15 gp

10 gp

1 gp

150 gp

250 gp

15 gp

25 gp

5 gp

2 gp

4 sp

75 gp

10 gp

10 gp

3 gp

10 gp

50 gp

30 gp

35 gp

60 gp

360 gp

20 gp

5 sp

150 gp

40 gp

Weight





 lb.



1 lb.



1 lb.



2 lb.

1 lb.

2 lb.



5 lb.

2 lb.



2 lb.

8 lb.



1 lb.

 lb.





3 lb.

1 lb.

1 lb.

 lb.





3 lb.

1 lb.

2 lb.



1 lb.



1 lb.

1 lb.

221

RULES SUMMARY

Lock, Good

Lock, Very Simple

Lock Glass

Lock Picks, Long Stemmed

Lockbreaker, Blossoming

Lockbreaker, Magnetic Tumbler

Loudfoot Paste

Marbles

Mask

Monocle, Rogues

Monocle, Sentrys

Nettle Cloak

Oilskin Bodysuit

Pin Ring

Powdered Tears

Quiver, Climbers

Rangeglass

Razor Thread

Sharkskin Suit

Shock Freeze (1-Pint Flask)

Still Life

Stronglock (10 Applications)

Thieves Tools

Thieves Tools, Masterwork

Traitors Dust

Tripvine

Underhold Claws

Vest, Burglars

Weapon Tarnish

Winterchill

Yellow Dust

Zephyrwing

No weight worth noting.

 These items weigh one-quarter this amount when made for

Small characters.  Containers for Small characters also carry

one-quarter the normal amount.

80 gp

20 gp

1,500 gp

100 gp

2 gp

5 gp

25 gp

8 sp

3 sp

100 gp

100 gp

40 gp

80 gp

85 gp

50 gp

50 gp

700 gp

5 gp

110 gp

50 gp

10 gp

10 gp

30 gp

100 gp

20 gp

50 gp

40 gp

75 gp

4 gp

120 gp

50 gp

450 gp

1 lb.

1 lb.

2 lb.

1 lb.



1 lb.

 lb.

1 lb.







3 lb.

5 lb.



 lb.

2 lb.

2 lb.

1 lb.

6 lb.

1 lb.





1 lb.

2 lb.

 lb.

2 lb.

1 lb.

3 lb.

1 lb.

1 lb.



12 lb.

Special Tool

Acid Needle

Coil spike

Farpick

Finger Hooks

Linegrabber

Master Key

Poisoncatch

Stonecutter

Steelspike

Trapbane

Cost

70 gp

65 gp

50 gp

50 gp

75 gp

90 gp

80 gp

120 gp

100 gp

120 gp

222

In The Wild

Cost

Weapon

Tiny Simple Weapons  Melee

Hunting Knives*

12 gp

RULES SUMMARY

Damage

Critical

Range Increment

Weight

Type

1d2

x2

5 ft.

3 lb.

Piercing

Medium-size Simple Weapons  Melee

Machete*

x2

1d6

8 gp

See the description of this weapon for special rules.



5 lb.

Slashing

Item

Aba

Animal Snare, Bird

Animal Snare, Small

Animal Snare, Tiny

Antifungal Ointment (10 Days)

Backpack (Empty)

Bedroll

Bird Call

Blanket, Winter

Blanket And Hood, Horse, Huge

Blanket And Hood, Horse, Large

Blanket And Hood, Horse, Medium-size

Blood Decoy

Boat Boots

Body Pack

Body Sled

Bladed Boots

Breath Bag

Breathing Rope (50 ft.)

Brick Press

Camouage Tarp (10 Sq. ft.)

Canoe, Bark

Canoe, Dugout

Canoe, Outrigger

Canvas (1 Sq.  Yd.)

Case, Map Or Scroll

Chalk (1 Piece)

Climbers Kit

Climbers Kit, Masterwork

Cold Weather Outt

Compass

Coracle

Desert Kit

Desert Kit, Masterwork

Dowsing Rod

Dwarven Pie

Earths Blood (Per Dose)

Elven Wafer

Explorers Outt

Weight

2 lb.

2 lb.

4 lb.

2 lb.

1 lb.

2 lb.

5 lb.



3 lb.

8 lb.

5 lb.

2 lb.

1 lb.

15 lb.

2 lb.

25 lb.

2 lb.

1 lb.

60 lb.

30 lb.

10 lb.

60 lb.

120 lb.

400 lb.

1 lb.

 lb.



5 lb.

5 lb.

7 lb.

1 lb.

20 lb.

15 lb.

10 lb.

1 lb.

 lb.

 lb.

 lb.

8 lb.

Cost

30 gp

2 gp

5 gp

1 gp

25 gp

2 gp

1 sp

5 sp

5 sp

18 gp

8 gp

4 gp

5 gp

25 gp

10 gp

45 gp

18 gp

2 gp

20 gp

10 gp

12 gp

10 gp

10 gp

500 gp

1 sp

1 gp

1 cp

80 gp

400 gp

8 gp

200 gp

15 gp

10 gp

40 gp

5 gp

2 gp

2 gp

1 gp

10 gp

223

RULES SUMMARY

Fins (Pair)

Fire Seed

Fishing Kit

Fishing Net, 25 Sq. ft.

Flat Boat

Flint And Steel

Forest Blind

Forest Kit

Forest Kit, Masterwork

Glow Powder

Glowing Harness

Glowmould Fuel

Glowmould Lantern, Bullseye

Glowmould Lantern, Hooded

Grappling Hook

Gripping Resin (4 Applications)

Haling Bread (Per Loaf)

Hearth Stones

Horn, Hunting

Horn, Small

Hunters Outt

Hunters Outt, Masterwork

Ice Boots

Insect Netting

Insect Repellent

Insect Repelling Candle

Jungle Kit

Jungle Kit, Masterwork

Ladder, Rope (30 ft.)

Lamp, Common

Lantern, Bullseye

Lantern, Booded

Leash, Huge

Leash, Large

Leash, Medium-size

Leash, Small

Leash, Tiny

Moleskin

Mountain Kit

Mountain Kit, Masterwork

Mountaineers Outt

Oil (1-Pint Flask)

Packing Board

Piton

Pouch, Belt

Preserving Kit

Preserving Kit, Masterwork

Riser

Rope, Hemp (50 ft.)

Rope, Silk (50 ft.)

10 lb.

1 lb.

5 lb.

5 lb.

150 lb.



50 lb.

15 lb.

10 lb.

1 lb.

4 lb.

 lb.

3 lb.

3 lb.

4 lb.

 lb.

 lb.

1 lb.

1 lb.

 lb.

5 lb.

5 lb.

1 lb.

1 lb.



1 lb.

15 lb.

20 lb.

4 lb.

1 lb.

3 lb.

2 lb.

3 lb.

1 lb.

 lb.







20 lb.

15 lb.

5 lb.

1 lb.

5 lb.

 lb.

 lb.

5 lb.

10 lb.

2 lb.

10 lb.

5 lb.

15 gp

2 gp

10 gp

4 gp

50 gp

1 gp

55 gp

5 gp

30 gp

10 gp

20 gp

3 sp

15 gp

10 gp

1 gp

10 gp

1 gp

3 gp

5 gp

1 gp

18 gp

118 gp

15 gp

250 gp

1 gp

5 gp

5 gp

55 gp

2 gp

1 sp

12 gp

7 gp

6 gp

2 gp

1 gp

5 sp

2 sp

1 gp

10 gp

60 gp

3 gp

1 sp

1 gp

1 sp

1 gp

5 gp

55 gp

10 gp

1 gp

10 gp

224

RULES SUMMARY

1 gp

1 gp

55 gp

8 sp

18 gp

50 gp

2 gp

6 gp

7 gp

8 sp

20 gp

1,000 gp

7 sp

10 gp

10 gp

50 gp

10 gp

35 gp

1 cp

2 cp

1 gp

3 gp

5 gp

14 gp

10 gp

3 gp

10 gp

45 gp

1 gp

50 gp

25 gp

10 gp

50 gp

Rucksack

Salt Tablet

Sighting Lens

Signal Whistle

Sleigh, Two-Person

Sleigh, Four-Person

Skates

Skis

Snow Guards

Snowshoes

Sounding Drum

spyglass

Strong Rations

Swamp Dwellers Outt

Swamp Kit

Swamp Kit, Masterwork

Tent

Thick Furs

Torch

Tourniquet

Travellers Outt

Travellers Stock

Travois

Tree Net

Underground Outt

Water Additive

Water Pack

Water Trap

Waterskin

Weather Gauge

Web Net

Well Straw

Whale-Skin Suit

No weight worth noting.

* Ten of these items together weigh 1 pound.

 These items weigh one-quarter this amount when made for Small

characters.  Containers for Small characters also carry one-quarter the

normal amount.

1 lb.



1 lb.

*

250 lb.

425 lb.

1 lb.

2 lb.

1 lb.

1 lb.

10 lb.

1 lb.

 lb.

5 lb.

10 lb.

7 lb.

20 lb.

5 lb.

1 lb.



5 lb.

1 lb.

15 lb.

2 lb.

5 lb.



5 lb.

36 lb.





5 lb.

5 lb.

20 lb.

225

RULES SUMMARY

Knick-Knacks Of The Little Folk

Cost

Armour

Bonus

Max Dex

Bonus

Armour

Check Penalty

Arcane Spell

Failure

Speed

(30 ft.)

(20 ft.)

Weight

500 gp

+2

+6



10%

30 ft.

20 ft.

8 lb.

Armour

Light Armour

Haling

Harness*

50 gp

Shields

Shield,

Buzzshield*

See the description of this armour for special rules.

 Armour tted for Small characters weighs half as much.

+1

1



10%





10 lb.

Cost

Weapon

Tiny Simple Weapons  Melee

15 gp

Clamp Hand*

Clamp Hand, Spiked* 20 gp

Small Exotic Weapons  Melee

Shield, Buzzshield* 

Short Sword,

Pressure Powered*

850 gp

Large Exotic Weapons  Melee

1,950 gp

Greatsword, Pressure

Powered*

Damage

Critical

Range Increment

Weight

Type



1d4

1d6

1d6



x2

x3

x2







10 ft. Max

2 lb.

2 lb.



6 lb.

2d6

x2

10 ft. Max

30 lb.

Bludgeoning

Piercing

Slashing

Piercing

Piercing/

Slashing

Extras

False Weapon*



50%

See the description of this weapon for special rules.









Item

Bouncing Boots

Bumblefoot

Expert Thieves Tools

Goggles, Underwater

Hearthdown Bedroll, Small

Hearthdown Bedroll, Medium-size

Helmet, Lantern

Helmet, Listening

Innite Book (Empty)

Innite spellbook (Empty)

Many-Lens Mask

Many-Lens Mask With Extending Lens

Mechanical Log

Portable Stove

Portable Stove Supplies (Per Week)

Rob Fob

Rope Cranker

Secured Spice Rack (Empty)

Cost

75 gp

120 gp

120 gp

5 gp

10 gp

20 gp

19 gp

75 gp

20 gp

300 gp

350 gp

450 gp

750 gp

40 gp

3 gp

280 gp

25 gp

30 gp

Weight

3 lb.

10 lb.

1 lb.

1 lb.

2 lb.

3 lb.

3 lb.

1 lb.

1 lb.

2 lb.

1 lb.

1 lb.

12 lb.

2 lb.

1 lb.

3 lb.

2 lb.

1 lb.

226

RULES SUMMARY

Secured Spice Rack (Full)

Southnder

Swift Feet

Swimming Gear

Tool-Pipe

Tool-Pipe, Masterwork

Whistle-Pipe

Woollen Dome Tent, Four-Person

Woollen Dome Tent, One-Person

Woollen Dome Tent, Two-Person

No weight worth noting.

 These items weigh one-quarter this amount when made for Small

characters.  Containers for Small characters also carry one-quarter

the normal amount.

50 gp

100 gp

200 gp

100 gp

50 gp

100 gp

15 gp

65 gp

35 gp

45 gp

2 lb.



4 lb.

2 lb.

 lb.

 lb.

 lb.

9 lb.

5 lb.

7 lb.

Psychic Mastery

Cost

Armour

Bonus

Max Dex

Bonus

Armour

Check Penalty

Arcane Spell

Failure

Speed

(30 ft.)

(20 ft.)

Weight

Armour

Light Armour

Glyss Armour*

Psisteel

Armour*

Medium

Armour

Glyss Armour*

Psisteel

Armour*

+2,000 gp 

+2,000 gp 

+4,000 gp 

+5,000 gp 

Heavy Armour

Glyss Armour*

Psisteel

Armour*

+9,000 gp 



+10,000

gp







































2

+2





1

1

+1

+1

5%

5%

4,159 gp

8,170 gp

2,165 gp

2,165 gp

Shields

Buckler, Glyss*

Buckler,

Psisteel*

Shield, Large,

Glyss*

Shield, Small,

Glyss*

Shield, Large,

Psisteel*

Shield, Small,

Psisteel*

See the description of this armour for special rules.

# When running in heavy armour, a character moves only triple speed, not quadruple.

 Armour tted for Small characters weighs half as much.

20,170 gp +2

8,159 gp

15%

15%

5%

5%

+1

+1



2





1

1

227

















125%



75%



#

#

#

#

50%



























3 lb.

5 lb.

11 lb.

4 lb.

15lb.

6 lb.

Range Increment



Weight

50%

Type



50%







Attunement

Bulette

Celestial

Dragon

Displacer Beast

Ghost

Merfolk

Nymph

Shadow

Troll

Vampire

XP Cost

800

1,100

2,100

1,000

1,400

800

1,000

2,000

2,000

1,500





Weight

1 lb.

Varies

1 lb.

2 lb.



1 lb.

1 lb.

1 lb.

2 lb.



1,000 lb.

30 lb.

 lb.

4 lb.

RULES SUMMARY

Damage

Cost

+3,000 gp 

Weapon

Weapon, Glyss*

1d4 or 1d6

Weapon, Glyss*

1d8, 1d10 or 1d12

Weapon, Psisteel*



See the description of this weapon for special rules.

+2,000 gp 

+10,000 gp 



Critical



Item

Aurasilk (Per Yard)

Crystal Foci

Crystalweave

Dorje, Simple

Eskelion

Ephemeryl

Finger Board

Headband, Power Stone

Mat, Meditation

Mat, Sleeping

Quicksilver Storage Battery

Quicksilver (Per Gallon)

Rations, Mindmeal (Per Meal)

Staff, Psionic

No weight worth noting.

Cost

100 gp

450 gp

N/A

500 gp

350 gp

650 gp

50 gp

200 gp

90 gp

150 gp

500 gp Per Power Point

1,000 gp

25 gp

500 gp

Psychoactive Substance

Crystalline Serum (1 Drop)

Ironroot Powder ( Oz.)

Mestiph Seeds (3-5)

Serpentweed Wine (8 Oz. Glass)

Cost Per Dose

500 gp

50 gp

10 gp

50 gp

Tattoo

Astral

Bolstering

Combat Focus

Defensive

Erasing

Elemental

Flight

Growth

Hundred Eyes

Mental Fortitude

Nights Touch

Raging Beast

Speed

Venomous

Cost

5,000 gp

25,000 gp

11,000 gp

5,000 gp

4,000 gp

5,000 gp

8,000 gp

9,000 gp

3,000 gp

25,000 gp

20,000 gp

40,000 gp

30,000 gp

6,000 gp

228

The Armoury

RULES SUMMARY

Armour

Bonus

Max Dex

Bonus

Armour Check

Penalty

Arcane Spell

Failure

Speed

(30 ft.)

(20 ft.)

Weight

Cost

Armour

Light Armour

30 gp

Bone Mail*

30 gp

Buckskin Armour

50 gp

Camouage Armour*

100gp

Chain Shirt

4,200 gp

Chainmail, Arcane

200 gp

Chitinous Armour*

100 gp

Climbing Armour*

10 gp

Cord Armour

2,000 gp

Feather Skin Armour*

10 gp

Leather

Leather, Digester*

8,000 gp

Leather, Displacer Beast* 12,000 gp

1,400 gp

Leather, Gargoyle*

2,500 gp

Leather, Gorgon*

9,200 gp

Leather, Hell Hound*

60 gp

Leather, Night*

13,500 gp

Leather, Rust Monster*

1,200 gp

Leather, Troglodyte*

30 gp

Light Scale Armour*

5 gp

Padded

55 gp

Robe Of Yew Leaves

120 gp

Slender Chainmail Shirt

7 gp

Soft Kelp Armour*

15 gp

Stiffened Kelp Armour*

25 gp

Studded Leather

+3

+2

+3

+4

+4

+3

+2

+2

+2

+2

+2

+2

+3

+5

+2

+2

+1

+2

+2

+1

+2

+3

+1

+2

+3

Medium Armour

+6

3,000 gp

Aeroglass Plate*

+2

50 gp

Back and Breast

+5

200gp

Breastplate

+5

250 gp

Brigandine

+5

150gp

Chainmail

+10

18,000 gp

Dragonscale Armour*

+4

65 gp

Fur-Lined Hide Mail

+7

4,600 gp

Half-Plate, Elven

110 gp

+5

Hauberk

4505,000gp +4

Heraldic Coin Armour

+3

15 gp

Hide

+4

525 gp

Hide, Bugbear

+3

20 gp

Hide, Hunters*

+6

6,000 gp

Hide, Hydra

+4

Medium Scale Armour*

75 gp

+3

Oaken Tree Bark Armour 10 gp

+3

55 gp

Robe, Armoured

+4

2,500 gp

Robe, Battle

+4

50 gp

Scale Mail

+5

60 gp

Small Shell Armour*

+6

1,000 gp

Wire Armour*

+5

+7

+5

+4

+5

+4

+3

+6

+6

+6

+6

+6

+4

+4

+6

+8

+6

+6

+6

+8

+8

+6

+8

+7

+5

+3

+2

+3

+4

+2

+3

+3

+2

+1

+4

+4

+4

+3

+4

+5

+4

+3

+4

+3

+4

+4

1



1

2

2

1

2

2









2











1





1





1

4

5

4

4

5

4



4

5

4

3

3

3

3

2

4

4

2

4

3

1

229

15%

10%

15%

20%

10%

15%

15%

15%

10%

10%

10%

10%

20%

20%

20%

5%

10%

10%

10%

5%

10%

25%



5%

15%

30%

20%

25%

20%

30%

30%

20%

30%

30%

25%

20%

20%

20%

20%

20%

20%

25%

15%

25%

20%

10%



30 ft

30 ft.

30 ft.

30 ft.

30 ft.

20 ft.

30 ft.

30 ft.

30 ft.

30 ft.

30 ft.

30 ft.

30 ft.

30 ft.

30 ft.

30 ft.

30 ft.



30 ft.

30 ft.

30 ft.





30 ft.

20 ft.

20 ft.

20 ft.

20 ft.

20 ft.

20 ft.

20 ft.

20 ft.

20 ft.

20 ft.

20 ft.

20 ft.

20 ft.

20 ft.



20 ft.

20 ft.

20 ft.

20 ft.



20 ft.

10 lb.

15 lb.

15 lb.

25 lb.

20 lb.

10 lb.

20 lb.

10 lb.



20 ft.

20 ft.

20 ft.

20 ft.

20 ft.

15 ft.

20 ft.

20 ft. 

20 ft.

20 ft.

20 ft.

20 ft.

20 ft.

20 ft.

20 ft.

20 ft.

20 ft.



20 ft.

20 ft.

20 ft.





20 ft.

15 lb.

15 lb.

15 lb.

30 lb.

10 lb.

15 lb.

5 lb.

10 lb.

15 lb.

8 lb.

10 lb.

5 lb.

20 lb.

7 lb.

10 lb.

20 lb.

15 ft.

15 ft.

15 ft.

15 ft.

15 ft.

15 ft.

15 ft.

15 ft.

15 ft.

15 ft.

15 ft.

15 ft.

15 ft.

15 ft.



15 ft.

15 ft.

15 ft.

15 ft.



15 ft.

35 lb.

15 lb.

30 lb.

25 lb.

40 lb.

30 lb.

20 lb.

25 lb.

30 lb.

30 lb.

25 lb.

25 lb.

25 lb.

25 lb.

15 lb.

20 lb.

30 lb.

15 lb.

30 lb.

20 lb.

20 lb.

RULES SUMMARY

Heavy Armour

Banded Mail

Bladeshatter Plate*

Bronze Plate

Full Plate

Half-Plate

Heavy Scale Armour*

Large Shell Armour*

Plant Fibre Plate

Quick-Change Plate*

Splint Mail

Turtle Suit*

Wood splint Armour

Shields

Buckler

Shield, Crossbow*

Shield, Dragonscale*

Shield, Jousting

Shield, Large, Leather*

Shield, Large, Wooden

Shield, Large, Steel

Shield, Mancatcher*

Shield, Retractable,

Wooden*

Shield, Retractable,

Metal*

Shield, Small, Leather*

Shield, Small, Wooden

Shield, Small, Steel

Shield, Tiger Steel*

Shield, Tower

Shield, Turtle*

Shield, Widowmaker*

Shield, Woven*

250gp

3,000 gp

900 gp

1,500gp

600gp

2,000 gp

500 gp

700 gp

950 gp

200gp

2,000 gp

100 gp

15 gp

100 gp

11,000 gp

30 gp

2 gp

7 gp

20 gp

25 gp

15 gp

+6

+8

+6

+8

+7

+7

+6

+6

+5

+6

+10

+4

+1

+0

+2

+1

+0

+2

+3

+2

+0

+0

+0

+0



+1







+3



+2



+2



+2



+2

+1



+1/+2 

50 gp

+1/+2 

1 gp

3 gp

9 gp

100 gp

30 gp

100 gp

50 gp

10 gp

+1

+1

+1

+1





+2

+1

















6

6

5

6

7

5

4

6

8

7

10

7

1

10



2

2

2

2

2

1/2

1/2

1

1

1

1

10

10

2

1

35%

40%

30%

35%

40%

40%

30%

35%

20%

40%

60%

40%

5%

50%



15%

5%

15%

15%

15%

5%

5%



5%

5%

15%

50%

60%

15%

5%

+1,500 gp

+50gp

8 gp

+125 gp

+12 gp

+30 gp

+10gp

+10 gp

+1,200 gp

+3,000 gp

Extras

Aeroglass Armour*

Armour spikes

Gauntlet, Locked*

Roundels*

Shield Sickle, Small*

Shield Sickle, Large*

Shield Spikes

Shield, Teethed*

Skirt, Mithril*

Stormbane Iron Amour*

See the description of this armour for special rules.

# When running in heavy armour, a character moves only triple speed, not quadruple.

 Cannot cast spells with somatic components while worn.

 Armour tted for Small characters weighs half as much.







+1









+2









1



















1









1























230

20 ft.#

20 ft.#

20 ft.#

20 ft.#

20 ft.#





20 ft.#

20 ft.#

20 ft.#

15 ft.#

20 ft.#

15 ft.#

15 ft.#

15 ft.#

15 ft.#

15 ft.#





15 ft.#

15 ft.#

15 ft.#

10 ft.#

15 ft.#

















































































































35 lb.

50 lb.

40 lb.

50 lb.

50 lb.

25 lb.

30 lb.

35 lb.

55 lb.

45 lb.

70 lb.

30 lb.

5 lb.

50 lb.

10 lb.

10 lb.

3 lb.

10 lb.

15 lb.

18 lb.

12 lb.

18 lb.

2 lb.

5 lb.

6 lb.

4 lb.

45 lb.

20 lb.

20 lb.

2 lb.



+10lb.

+5lb.

+10 lb.

+3 lb.

+6 lb.

+5lb.

+2 lb.

+8 lb.



Cost

Damage

Critical

Range Increment Weight

Type

RULES SUMMARY

Weapon

Tiny Simple Weapons  Melee

Dagger

Dagger, Assassins

Dagger, Hollow Pommel*

Dagger, Leeching*

Replacement Vacuum Tube

Dagger, Punching

Finger Razors*

Gauntlet*

Gauntlet, Edged

Gauntlet, Guardian*

Gauntlet, Spiked

Gauntlet, Spring Blade*

Gauntlet, Studded

Gauntlet, Teethed*

Knife

Knuckleduster

Spiked Helmet*

2 gp

4 gp

20 gp

10 gp

5 gp

2 gp

5 gp

2 gp

8 gp

20 gp

5 gp

6 gp

5 gp

10 gp

5 sp

5 sp

25 gp

1d4

1d3

1d4

1d4



1d4





1d4

1d4

1d4

1d4

1d4

1d4

1d2

1d3

1d6

19-20/x2

x4

19-20/x2

19-20/x2



x3

x3



19-20/x2

x2

x2

19-20/x2

x2

x2

x2

x2

19-20/x2

10 ft.



























5 ft.





Small Simple Weapons  Melee

Daggers, Tamo*

20 gp

1d4/1d6

19-20/x2/x2 

Mace, Light

Sickle

5 gp

6 gp

Medium-size Simple Weapons  Melee

Club

Club, Padded

Halfspear

Mace, Chained*

Mace, Heavy

Morningstar



1 gp

1 gp

75 gp

12 gp

8 gp

1d6

1d6

1d6

1d6#

1d6

1d8

1d8

1d8

Sawtooth

10 gp

1d8

Large Simple Weapons  Melee

Quarterstaff

Shortspear

Spear, Two Headed*

Staff, Iron*



2 gp

10 gp

25 gp

1d6/1d6

1d8

1d6/1d6

1d6/1d6

x2

x2

x2

x2

x3

x2

x2

x2

x3

x2

x3

x3

x3

Tiny Simple Weapons  Ranged

Dagger, Throwing*

Slingshot

Bullets (10)

1 gp

5 sp

1 sp

Small Simple Weapons  Ranged

Crossbow, Light

Bolts (10)

Dart

35 gp

1 gp

5 sp

1d3

1d4



1d8



1d4

19-20/x2

x2



19-20/x2



x2

231





10 ft.



20 ft.











20 ft.

20 ft.



20 ft.

40 ft.



80 ft.



20 ft.

1 lb.

1 lb.

1 lb.

1 lb.

 lb.

2 lb.



2 lb.

5 lb.

6 lb.

2 lb.

4 lb.

3 lb.

4 lb.

 lb.

1 lb.

3 lb.

4 lb.

6 lb.

3 lb.

3 lb.

4 lb.

3 lb.

12 lb.

12 lb.

8 lb.

4 lb.

4 lb.

5 lb.

5 lb.

9 lb.

1 lb.

1 lb.

5 lb.

Piercing

Piercing

Piercing

Piercing



Piercing

Slashing

Bludgeoning

Slashing

Bludgeoning

Piercing

Piercing

Bludgeoning

Bludgeoning

/Piercing

Piercing

Piercing

Piercing/

Bludgeoning

Piercing/

Bludgeoning

Bludgeoning

Slashing

Bludgeoning

Bludgeoning

Piercing

Bludgeoning

Bludgeoning

Bludgeoning

/Piercing

Slashing

Bludgeoning

Piercing

Piercing

Bludgeoning

Piercing

Bludgeoning



6 lb.

1 lb.

1/2 lb.

Piercing



Piercing

RULES SUMMARY

Sling

Bullets (10)



1 sp

Medium-size Simple Weapons  Ranged

Crossbow, Heavy

Bolts (10)

Harpoon, Light*

Javelin

50 gp

1 gp

10 gp

1 gp

1d4



1d10



1d8

1d6

x2



19-20/x2



x2

x2

50 ft.



120 ft.



30 ft.

30 ft.

0 lb.

5 lb.

9 lb.

1 lb.

8 lb.

2 lb.

Bludgeoning



Piercing



Piercing

Piercing

Tiny Martial Weapons  Melee

Dagger, Spring-Loaded*

30 gp

1d4

19-20/x2

10 ft.

2 lb.

Piercing

Small Martial Weapons  Melee

Angle-Knife

Armour Blades*

Dagger, Sap Pommel*

10 gp

100 gp

1 gp

1d4

1d6

1d4/1d6#

18-20/x2

x3

x2

Gladius*

Hammer, Light

Handaxe

Knife, Deer Horn*

Lance, Light

Pick, Light

Sap

Sword, Short

Sword, Short, Crystal*

Wrist Razor*

450 gp

1 gp

6 gp

10 gp

6 gp

4 gp

1 gp

10 gp

30 gp

65 gp

Medium-size Martial Weapons  Melee

Aclis*

Battleaxe

Flail, Light

Karvar

Khopesh

Lance, Heavy

Longsword

Longsword, Crystal*

Pick, Heavy

Rapier

Scimitar

Springspear*

Sword, Broad*

Sword, Singing*

Sword Cane*

Sword Gauntlet*

Trident

Tulwar

Warhammer

1 gp

10 gp

8 gp

5 gp

15 gp

10 gp

15 gp

45 gp

8 gp

20 gp

15 gp

100 gp

35 gp

20 gp

35 gp

45 gp

15 gp

22 gp

12 gp

1d6

1d4

1d6

1d6

1d6

1d4

1d6#

1d6

1d6

1d4

1d6

1d8

1d8

1d6

1d8

1d8

1d8

1d8

1d6

1d6

1d6

2d6

2d4

1d8

1d6

1d8

1d8

1d6

1d8

18-20/x2

x2

x3

19-20/x2

x3

x4

x2

19-20/x2

19-20/x2

18-20/x2

x2

x3

x2

x3

19-20/x2

x3

19-20/x2

19-20/x2

x4

18-20/x2

18-20/x2

x4

19-20/x2

19-20/x2

18-20/x2

18-20/x2

x2

19-20/x2

x3

232

10 ft.







20 ft.



10 ft.













10 ft.





















20 ft.









10 ft.





3 lb.

10 lb.

3 lb.

3 lb.

2 lb.

5 lb.

2 lb.

5 lb.

4 lb.

3 lb.

3 lb.

2 lb.

5 lb.

3 lb.

7 lb.

5 lb.

4 lb.

4lb.

10 lb.

4 lb.

3 lb.

6 lb.

3 lb.

4 lb.

7 lb.

5 lb.

4 lb.

3 lb.

6 lb.

5 lb.

4 lb.

8 lb.

Piercing

Slashing

Slashing/

Bludgeoning

Piercing

Bludgeoning

Slashing

Piercing/

Slashing

Piercing

Piercing

Bludgeoning

Piercing

Piercing

Slashing

Bludgeoning

Slashing

Bludgeoning

Slashing

Slashing

Piercing

Slashing

Slashing

Piercing

Piercing

Slashing

Piercing

Slashing

Slashing

Piercing

Slashing

Piercing

Slashing

Bludgeoning

Large Martial Weapons  Melee

Bec-De-Corbin

30 gp

Executioners Sword*

Falchion

Flail, Heavy

Falx

Glaive

Gold Coin Spade*

Greataxe

Greatclub

Greatsword

Greatsword, Crystal*

Guisarme

Halberd

Half-Moon Longspear*

Hammer, Great

Kwan Dao*

Longspear

Naginata*

Pike*

Ranseur

Scythe

Shield Hook*

Sword-Pike

75 gp

75 gp

15 gp

25 gp

8 gp

35 gp

20 gp

5 gp

50 gp

150 gp

9 gp

10 gp

10 gp

80 gp

25 gp

5 gp

20 gp

10 gp

10 gp

18 gp

25 gp

36 gp

2d4

1d12

2d4

1d10

2d4

1d10

1d10

1d12

1d10

2d6

2d6

2d4

1d10

2d4

2d6

1d10

1d8

1d10

1d10

2d4

2d4

1d2

1d10

x4

x4

18-20/x2

19-20/x2

19-20/x2

x3

x3

x3

x2

19-20/x2

19-20/x2

x3

x3

19-20/x2

x3

19-20/x2

x3

x3

x3

x3

x4

x2

19-20/x2

War Fork

45 gp

1d12

19-20/x2

War-Rake*

Widowmaker*

5 gp

35 gp

1d8

1d12/1d8

x3

19-20/x2





















































RULES SUMMARY

3 lb.

18 lb.

16 lb.

20 lb.

10 lb.

15 lb.

10 lb.

20 lb.

10 lb.

15 lb.

12 lb.

15 lb.

15 lb.

15 lb.

18 lb.

20 lb.

9 lb.

10 lb.

17 lb.

15 lb.

12 lb.

8 lb.

18 lb.

15 lb.

12 lb.

25 lb.

Piercing/

Bludgeoning

Slashing

Slashing

Bludgeoning

Slashing

Slashing

Bludgeoning

Slashing

Bludgeoning

Slashing

Slashing

Slashing

Piercing/

Slashing

Slashing

Piercing/

Bludgeoning

Slashing

Piercing

Slashing

Piercing

Piercing

Piercing/

Slashing

Piercing

Slashing/

Piercing

Piercing/

Slashing

Piercing

Slashing/

Piercing

Tiny Martial Weapons  Ranged

Knife, Spider Throwing

10 gp

Small Martial Weapons  Ranged

Axe, Throwing

8 gp

Medium-size Martial Weapons  Ranged

Bolt Driver

Bolts (10)

Pilum*

Shortbow

Arrows (20)

Shortbow, Composite

+1 Mighty

+2 Mighty

Arrows (20)

100 gp

1 gp

12 gp

30 gp

1 gp

75 gp

150 gp

225 gp

1 gp

1d4

19-20/x3

20 ft.

2 lb.

Piercing

10 ft.

4 lb.

Slashing

10 ft.



20 ft.

60 ft.



70 ft.







10 lb.

1 lb.

5 lb.

2 lb.

3 lb.

2 lb.





3 lb.

Piercing



Piercing

Piercing



Piercing







1d6

2d10



1d6

1d6



1d6







x2

x3



x3

x3



x3







233

RULES SUMMARY

Large Martial Weapons  Ranged

Bladed Bow*

95 gp

1d6/1d4

x3/x2

60 ft./

Longbow

Arrows (20)

Longbow, Composite

+1 Mighty

+2 Mighty

+3 Mighty

+4 Mighty

Arrows (20)

Staff Sling

Bullets (10)

75 gp

1 gp

100gp

200 gp

300 gp

400 gp

500 gp

1 gp

3 gp

1 sp

1d8



1d8











1d6



x3



x3











x2



Tiny Exotic Weapons  Melee

Dagger, Double-Bladed

Emei Piercers*

Flametongue

Kama, Haling

Kukri

Nunchaku, Haling

Ribbon Daggers*

Siangham, Haling

Sword-Catcher*

8 gp

2 gp

40 gp

2 gp

8 gp

2 gp

1 gp

2 gp

9 gp

Small Exotic Weapons  Melee

Iron Fan*

Kama

Nunchaku

Rooster Blade

Shield, Mancatcher*

Shield Sickle, Small*

Shield Sickle, Large*

Shield, Tiger Steel*

Shield, Widowmaker*

Siangham

Sword-Breaker*

25 gp

2 gp

2 gp

16 gp

25 gp

+12 gp

+30 gp

100 gp

50 gp

3 gp

16 gp

Medium-size Exotic Weapons  Melee

Adarga*

Beads, Assassins*

Dragon Head Stick*

25 gp

10 gp

10 gp

Hammer, Meteor*

Sword, Bastard

Sword, Crescent*

Sword, Skirmish*

Sword, Tiger Hook*

Waraxe, Dwarven

12 gp

35 gp

30 gp

25 gp

20 gp

30 gp

1d4/1d4

1d4

1d4

1d4

1d4

1d4

1d3

1d4

1d3

19-20/x2

x4

18-20/x2

x2

18-20/x2

x2

x2

x2

19-20/x2

1d6

1d6

1d6

1d6

1d4

1d6

1d8

1d6

2d4

1d6

1d4

1d6/1d6

1d8

1d4/1d4

1d6

1d10

1d6

1d6/1d4

x3

x2

x2

x3

x2

x3

x3

x2

x2

x2

19-20/x2

x3/x2

x2

x2

x2

19-20/x2

x2

19-20/x2

1d8

1d10

x3

x3

234

100 ft.



110 ft.











80 ft.















20 ft.





10 ft.







































4 lb.

3 lb.

3 lb.

3 lb.









3 lb.

5 lb.

5 lb.

2 lb.

 lb.

2 lb.

1 lb.

3 lb.

1 lb.

1/5 lb.

1 lb.

1 lb.

1 lb.

2 lb.

2 lb.

2 lb.

18 lb.

+3 lb.

+6 lb.

4 lb.

20 lb.

1 lb.

3 lb.

5 lb.

2 lb.

3 lb.

1 lb.

10 lb.

4 lb.

5 lb.

5 lb.

15 lb.

Piercing/

Slashing

Piercing



Piercing











Bludgeoning



Piercing

Piercing

Piercing

Slashing

Slashing

Bludgeoning

Piercing

Piercing

Piercing

Bludgeoning

Slashing

Bludgeoning

Piercing

Piercing

Slashing

Slashing

Piercing

Bludgeoning

/Piercing

Piercing

Slashing

Piercing

Bludgeoning

Bludgeoning

/Piercing

Bludgeoning

Slashing

Slashing

Slashing/

Piercing

Slashing

Slashing

Large Exotic Weapons  Melee

Axe, Orc Double

Ba Gua Dao*

Bladed Cloak*

Chain, Spiked

Cicada Wing Sword*

Club, Wolfs Teeth*

Flail, Dire

Flamberge

Mancatcher*

Rock Crusher*

Spear, Snake

Staff-spear*

60 gp

50 gp

40 gp

25 gp

120 gp

35 gp

90 gp

150 gp

40 gp

50 gp

20 gp

10 gp

1d8/1d8

1d8

1d6

2d4

1d6/1d6

1d10

1d8/1d8

2d6



3d4

1d8

1d6/1d8

x3

19-20/x2

19-20/x2

x2

19-20/x2

x4

x2

18-20/x2



x2

19-20/x2

x2

Sword, Two-Bladed

100gp

1d8/1d8

19-20/x2

Tiny Exotic Weapons  Ranged

Crossbow, Bracer*

Bolts (10)

Crossbow, Hand

Bolts (10)

Shuriken

85 gp

1 gp

100gp

1 gp

1 gp

Small Exotic Weapons  Ranged

Chakram*

Crossbow, Aquatic*

Bolts, Aquatic (10)

Flutegun*

Needles (20)

Whip

35 gp

175 gp

2 gp

15 gp

5 gp

1 gp

Medium-size Exotic Weapons  Ranged

Artengak*

Blowgun*

Needles (20)

Bolas, 3-Ball*

Crossbow, Quad*

Bolts (10)

Crossbow, Repeating

Clip (5 Bolts)

Ried Crossbow*

Bolts, Ried (10)*

Crossbow, Snipers*

Bolts (10)

Iron-Breaker

Bullets (10)

Lariat*

Net*

Razor Disk Launcher*

Razor Disk

4 gp

10 gp

1 gp

15 gp

395 gp

1 gp

250gp

1 gp

300 gp

4 gp

350 gp

1 gp

65 gp

1 gp

1 gp

20 gp

1 gp

5 gp

1d4



1d4



1

1d8

1d8







1d2#

1d6

1



1d6

1d10



1d8



1d12



1d8



1d10







1d10



19-20/x2



19-20/x2



x2

x3

19-20/x2







x2

x3

x2



x2

19-20/x2



19-20/x2



19-20/x2



19-20/x2



x2







19-20/x2



235

RULES SUMMARY

25 lb.

8 lb.

8 lb.

15 lb.

10 lb.

20 lb.

20 lb.

16 lb.

12 lb.

40 lb.

5 lb.

6 lb.

30 lb.

2 lb.

1 lb.

3 lb.

1 lb.

1/10 lb.

3 lb.

5 lb.

1 lb.

3 lb.



2 lb.

4 lb.

2 lb.



4 lb.

18 lb.

1 lb.

16 lb.

1 lb.

15 lb.

1 lb.

7 lb.

1 lb.

6 lb.

10 lb.

8 lb.

10 lb.

2 lb.

1 lb.

Slashing

Slashing

Slashing

Piercing

Slashing

Bludgeoning

Bludgeoning

Slashing

Slashing

Bludgeoning

Piercing

Bludgeoning

/Piercing

Slashing

Piercing



Piercing



Piercing

Slashing

Piercing



Piercing



Slashing

Piercing

Piercing



Bludgeoning

Piercing



Piercing



Piercing



Piercing



Bludgeoning







Slashing





























30 ft.



30 ft.



10 ft.

10 ft.

30 ft.



30 ft.



15 ft.

10 ft.

10 ft.



10 ft.

120 ft.



80 ft.



150 ft.



80 ft.



75 ft.



10 ft. max

10 ft.

30 ft.



RULES SUMMARY

Large Exotic Weapons  Ranged

Crossbow, Siege*

Bolts, Siege (10)

Footbow*

Arrows, Footbow (20)

250 gp

25 gp

175 gp

5 gp

2d6



1d10



19-20/x2



x3



150 ft.



180 ft.



Special Ammunition

Arrow, Armour Piercing (20)*

Arrow, Barbed (20)*

Arrow, Broad (20)*

Arrow, Fire*

Arrow, Fishing (20)*

Arrow, Flight (20)*

Arrow, Game (20)*

Arrow, Moon Silver*

Arrow, Smokescreen*

Arrow, Thunder*

Arrow, Tracer (10)*

Arrow, Whistling (20)*

Flarrow*

Flarrow, Blue/Green*

See the description of this weapon for special rules.

# The weapon deals subdual damage rather than normal damage.

 Double weapon.

20 gp

10 gp

15 sp

15 gp

4 gp

3 gp

4 gp

10 gp

50 gp

50 gp

2 gp

10 gp

2 gp

8 gp























1d4





































10 ft.

20 ft.

50 ft. max

+30 ft.

50%



20 ft.

20 ft.





20 ft.

20 ft.

24 lb.

9 lb.

7 lb.

6 lb.

3 lb.

3 lb.

4 lb.

 lb.

3 lb.

1 lb.

4 lb.

 lb.

 lb.

 lb.

3 lb.

2 lb.

 lb.

 lb.

Piercing



Piercing















Bludgeoning















Cost

20 gp

1 gp

100 gp

250 gp

150 gp

2 gp

100 gp

5 gp

28 gp

50 gp

Weight

1 lb.

1 lb.

2 lb.



1 lb.



1 lb.



1 lb.

1 lb.

Item

Alchemists Gold

Bow Sling

Bow Stabiliser

Feather Skin (1 Sq. ft.)

Frost Steel

Hunting Fletchings (20)

Moon Silver

Oiled Bowstring

Shirt, Silk

Stormbane Iron

No weight worth noting.

 These items weigh one-quarter this amount

when made for Small characters.  Containers for

Small characters also carry one-quarter the normal

amount.

The Dwarven Forge

Armour

Bonus

Max Dex

Bonus

Armour Check

Penalty

Cost

Armour

Shields

Burrowing Shield*

See the description of this armour for special rules.

 Armour tted for Small characters weighs half as much.

45 gp

+1



2

Arcane Spell

Failure

Speed

(30 ft.)

(20 ft.)

Weight

15%





12 lb.

236

Weapon

Medium-size Martial Weapons  Melee

1d8

Axe, Stonecutting*

90 gp

Cost

Damage

Large Exotic Weapons  Melee

Jawed Maul*

400 gp

1d12

RULES SUMMARY

Critical

Range Increment

Weight

Type

x3

x3





15 lb.

Slashing

15 lb.

Bludgeoning

/Piercing

See the description of this weapon for special rules.

Item

Barrowboat

Climbing Harness

Collapsing Cart

Descending Staff

Dwarven Firebox

Elfhair Rope (50 ft.)

Forging Tools, Ancestors

Fungal Rations

Gas Finder

Giantspars

Hallowed Ale

Imbuing Tub

Killing Gold (Poison Extra)

Lantern, Darkvision

Leather, Dwarven

Lye, Scouring

Maelstone

Miners Pack

Pull Cart

Northern Garb

Oil, Honing

Oil, Stonesight

Cost

50 gp

50 gp

40 gp

60 gp

100 gp

20 gp

N/A

50 gp

200 gp

80 gp

30 gp

250 gp

50 gp

975 gp

20 gp

5 gp

50 gp

150 gp

100 gp

15 gp

150 gp

150 gp

Weight

250 lb.

15 lb.

8 lb.

10 lb.

30 lb.

6 lb.

20 lb.

5 lb.

2 lb.

120 lb.

1 lb.

30 lb.

1 lb.

2 lb.

1 lb.

1 lb.

1 lb.

15 lb.

100 lb.

10 lb.

1 lb.

1 lb.

The Elven Retreat

1 lb.



25 lb.

1 lb.

2 lb.

40 lb.

2 lb.

 lb.

13 lb.

100 lb.

30 lb.

10 lb.



60 lb.

30 lb.

75 lb.

30 lb.

100 lb.

35 lb.

200 gp

130 gp

200 gp

10 gp

50 gp

80 gp

20 gp

25 gp

125 gp

1,000 gp

60 gp

5 gp

2 gp

130 gp

50 gp

500 gp

110 gp

450 gp

110 gp

Oil, Thundering

Pony, Stonebred

Pulverizer

Quickrock

Rumblesticks

Sending Drums (Pair)

Sifting Pan

Slide Grease

Socket Haft

Trap Springer

Travois, Miners

Ularids Firewood (Per Day)

Vilevine (Per Cutting)

Waterbore, Drill Head

Waterbore, Pipe Section

Wheel Bore

Xilliar (Gallon)

Yew Wood (10 Sq. ft.)

Zither, Dwarven

No weight worth noting.

 These items weigh one-quarter this amount

when made for Small characters.  Containers for

Small characters also carry one-quarter the normal

amount.

Armour

Bonus

Max Dex

Bonus

Armour Check

Penalty

Cost

Armour

Light Armour

Elven Warpaint*

See the description of this armour for special rules.

 Armour tted for Small characters weighs half as much.

15 gp

+1





Arcane Spell

Failure

Speed

(30 ft.)

(20 ft.)

Weight



30 ft.

20 ft.

1 lb.

Item

Bottled Mist

Chameleon Paint

Climbing Canes

Cold Fire, Flask

Cold Fire, Torch

Cost

15 gp

4 gp

5 sp

5 sp

1 sp

Weight

1 lb.



2 lb.

1 lb.

1 lb.

Elven Boots

Elven Camouage Paint

Elven Lyre

Elven Wine

Faerie Dust

Fey Spirits

85 gp

15 gp

80 gp

300 gp

15 gp

450 gp

1 lb.



3 lb.

2 lb.

1 lb.

2 lb.

237

RULES SUMMARY

Glowwand

Horn Harp

Ironwood Balm

Liquid Light

Naphtha

Orrery, Small

Quickshot Quiver

Sleeping Mist

Spidersilk

1 gp

115 gp

40 gp

4 gp

40 gp

1,200 gp

5 gp

30 gp

25 gp

1 lb.

3 lb.





2 lb.

5 lb.

1 lb.

1 lb.

5 lb.

The Fighters Trade

8 lb.

1 lb.

2 lb.

1 lb.

10 lb.

750 gp

5 gp

15 gp

5 sp

4 sp

Star Robes

Twin Flutes

Travelling Cloak

Waybread (3 Days)

Wood Chimes

No weight worth noting.

 These items weigh one-quarter this amount

when made for Small characters.  Containers for

Small characters also carry one-quarter the normal

amount.

Armour

Bonus

Max Dex

Bonus

Armour Check

Penalty

Arcane Spell

Failure

Speed

(30 ft.)

(20 ft.)

Weight

Armour

Piecemeal Plate*

Arm (Rerebrace)

Arm (Vambrace)

Breastplate

Fauld (With

Tassets)

Fauld (Without

Tassets)

Joints (Full Set)

Joints

(Individually)

Leg (Cuisses)

Leg (Greaves)

Extras

Avantail

Besagues

Form-Fit*

Surcoat

Tabard, Chain*

Tabard, Padded

Cost

50 gp

50 gp

160gp

80 gp

30 gp

150gp

30 gp

60 gp

60 gp

+20 gp

+50 gp

+150 gp

2 gp

55 gp

15 gp

+0.5

+0.5

+2

+1

+0.5

+1

+0.2

+0.5

+0.5

+1

+1





+2

+1

+8

+8

+4

+6

+7





+5

+4













0.5

0.5

3

1

1

2

0.4

1

0





1



1

1

New Armour Materials

Bone*

Bronze

Eln Metal

Gold*

Iron

Silver*

Wood

See the description of this armour for special rules.

 Armour tted for Small characters weighs half as much.

30%

2

1

33%

+4,000 gp 

4





20%

2



1

75%

+1



+2

3





2

1



3

4





1

238

5%

5%

10%





5%

1%

2%

2%

+5%

+5%





+5%

+5%





10%

+25%





+10%

























































































3 lb.

3 lb.

15 lb.

5 lb.

2 lb.

5 lb.

1 lb.

4 lb.

4 lb.

+1 lb.

+2 lb.



1 lb.

15 lb.

5 lb.

50%



50%

+100%

+20%



40%

Damage

Critical

Range Increment

Weight

Type

RULES SUMMARY

Cost

Weapon

Small Martial Weapons  Melee

Lance, Barbed,

Light

Lance, Blunt,

Light*

10 gp

7 gp

1d6

19-20/x3

1d6#

x3

Medium-size Martial Weapons  Melee

1d8

Lance, Barbed,

Heavy

Lance, Blunt,

Heavy*

14 gp

8 gp

1d8#

Large Martial Weapons  Melee

Lance, Dire*

20 gp

2d6

Extras

Crossbow Bayonet,

Mounted*

Crossbow Bayonet,

Balanced

Handle Tip

Hilt Flail*

Ornate Flail/Mace

Head

Serrated Blade

Sword Guard,

Catcher

Sword Guard,

Ornate

Sword Handle,

Grip

Sword Handle,

Ornate

Sword Pommel,

Holy

Sword Pommel,

Ornate

Sword Pommel,

Weighed

Swordstealer Hilt*

+10 gp

+60 gp

+15 gp

+10 gp

+30 gp

+300 gp

+15 gp

+125 gp

+100 gp

+100 gp

+25 gp

+150 gp

+150 gp

+10 gp

New Weapon Materials

Black Metal*

Cold Iron*

Flint*

Glass*

Philosophers

Steel*

Practice, Cloth-

Sleeved*



+500 gp

+300 gp



+200 gp

+1000 gp

1d4

1d4



/1d6



+1























+2



2#

19-20/x3

x3

x3

x2

x3



/x2

































239



















































5 lb.

5 lb.

Piercing

Piercing

10 lb.

Piercing

10 lb.

Piercing

15 lb.

Piercing

+1 lb.

Piercing

+1 lb.

Piercing



+4 lb.



















+1 lb.

150%

150%

75%







/

Bludgeoning



Slashing





























Bludgeoning

RULES SUMMARY

#





Practice, Metal

Core*



Practice, Wooden* 



+500 gp

Pure Copper*



+1500 gp

Pure Gold*



+500 gp

Quicksilver*

Stars Heart*



+1000 gp

See the description of this weapon for special rules.

# The weapon deals subdual damage rather than normal damage.

#























Bludgeoning

50%

125%

200%

175%

125%

Bludgeoning









Item

Aquatic Quiver

Atl-Atl

Bones

Brilliant Oil

Builders Kit

Builders Kit, Masterwork

Burning Oil

Cards

Figurine

Folding Brace

Folding Stool

Hand Bore

Hand Ram

Hardening Oil

Jacks

Memory Stones

Ofcers Outt

Personal Banner

Portable Ram

Portable Shelter

Quicklime (Per Month)

Rosin Bag

Rusting Oil

Rustproong Oil

Sappers Kit

Cost

5 gp

2 gp

1 sp

50 gp

5 gp

55 gp

20 gp

10 gp

1 gp

70 gp

10 gp

1 gp

2 gp

50 gp

2 gp

1 sp

30 gp

2 gp

10 gp

25 gp

100 gp

12 gp

10 gp

10 gp

5 gp

Ammunition

Acid, Siege (1)

Acid, Sling (10)

Blinding, Siege (1)

Blinding, Sling (10)

Deafening, Siege (1)

Deafening, Sling (10)

Disease-Bearing, Siege (1)

Cost

150 gp

150 gp

100 gp

100 gp

450 gp

450 gp

50 gp

Weight

1 lb.

1 lb.

*

1 lb.

5 lb.

5 lb.

1 lb.

*

*

10 lb.

2 lb.

5 lb.

15 lb.

2 lb.

 lb.

 lb.

7 lb.

 lb.

20 lb.

40 lb.

2,000 lb.

*

1 lb.

1 lb.

5 lb.

Weight

50 lb.

5 lb.

40 lb.

4 lb.

60 lb.

5 lb.

45 lb.

Sappers Kit, Masterwork

Scabbard

Scabbard, Container

Scabbard, Dagger

Scabbard, Fancy

5 lb.

1 lb.

1 lb.

2 lb.

2 lb.

55 gp

4 gp

6 gp

12 gp

1d6 x 100

gp

9 gp

2 cp

1 lb.

 lb.

2 lb.

150 lb.

5 lb.

*

2 lb.

7 lb.

1 lb.

10 lb.

2 lb.

 lb.

500 lb.

2 lb.

 lb.

5 lb.

Scabbard, Secret Container

Scatter Sticks

Sharpening Stone, Personal 10 gp

200 gp

Sharpening Stone, Wheel

5 gp

Signal Banner

1 gp

Sleeping Draught

5 gp

Smoke Powder

5 gp

Soldiers Outt

5 gp

Spices

500 gp

Standard

25 gp

Sticky Oil

1 gp

Travel Coins

500 gp

Turtle

1 cp

Umbrella Hat

5 gp

Waterproong Oil

Weapon Harness

5 gp

No weight worth noting.

* Ten of these items together weight 1 pound.

 These items weigh one-quarter this amount

when made for Small characters.  Containers for

Small characters also carry one-quarter the normal

amount.

Hot Oil, Siege (1)

Hot Sand, Siege (1)

Incendiary, Siege (1)

Incendiary, Sling (10)

Shrapnel, Siege (1)

Smoke, Siege (1)

Smoke, Sling (10)

Tangle, Siege (1)

Tangle, Sling (10)

50 gp

50 gp

500 gp

500 gp

200 gp

150 gp

150 gp

800 gp

800 gp

100 lb.

45 lb.

50 lb.

5 lb.

50 lb.

50 lb.

5 lb.

75 lb.

5 lb.

240

Tools From The Orient

RULES SUMMARY

Armour

Bonus

Max Dex

Bonus

Armour Check

Penalty

Arcane Spell

Failure

Speed

Weight

Armour

Do*

Leather

Metal

Haidate*

Leather

Metal

Kabuto*

Kote*

Leather

Metal

Mempo*

Sode*

Sune-Ate*

Leather

Metal

Wakibiki*

Yugake*

Cost

10 gp

75 gp

10 gp

50 gp

50 gp

10 gp

50 gp

25 gp

30 gp

15 gp

50 gp

10 gp

10 gp

+2

+3

+1

+2

+1

+1

+2



+1

+1

+2

+1



+6

+5

1

2



1

1





1

2

1



0

0

1

2

1

1

1



1

1

2

1



Shields

Studded Bracers*

See the description of this armour for special rules.

 Armour tted for Small characters weighs half as much.

5 gp







Cost

Weapon

Tiny Simple Weapons  Melee

Bladed Boot*

Climbing Claws*

Foot spikes*

Sling-Out Baton,

Lesser*

20 gp

5 gp

10 gp

10 gp

1d4

1d3

1d3

1d6

19-20/x2

x2

x2

x2

Small Simple Weapons  Melee

Sling-Out Baton,

Greater*

20 gp

1d8

x2

Medium-size Simple Weapons  Melee

Tonfa, Metal*

Tonfa, Wooden*

12 gp

3 gp

1d6/1d8

1d4/1d6

x2

x2

Large Simple Weapons  Melee

Telescopic Staff*

85 gp

1d6/1d6

x2

















Medium-size Martial Weapons  Ranged

Yumi

+1 Mighty

+2 Mighty

+3 Mighty

75 gp

150 gp

250 gp

350 gp

1d8







x3







70 ft.







241

10%

15%

0%

5%

5%

5%

10%



5%





5%





30 ft.

30 ft.

20 ft.

20 ft.

10 lb.

15 lb.

25 ft.

20 ft.



15 ft.

10 ft.



5 lb.

10 lb.

5 lb.

































3 lb.

6 lb.

2 lb.

5 lb.

5 lb.

10 lb.

5 lb.

1 lb.





1 lb.

2 lb.

1 lb.

2 lb.

6 lb.

Piercing

Piercing

Piercing

Bludgeoning

10 lb.

Bludgeoning

12 lb.

4 lb.

Bludgeoning

Bludgeoning

5 lb.

Bludgeoning

3 lb.







Piercing







Damage

Critical

Range Increment

Weight

Type

RULES SUMMARY

+4 Mighty

+5 Mighty

Ya (20)

450 gp

550 gp

1 gp

Large Martial Weapons  Ranged

Daikyu

+1 Mighty

+2 Mighty

+3 Mighty

+4 Mighty

+5 Mighty

Ya (20)

100 gp

200 gp

300 gp

400 gp

500 gp

600 gp

1 gp

Tiny Exotic Weapons  Melee

Leaden Sleeve*

5 gp

Small Exotic Weapons  Melee

Wakizashi*

100 gp







1d8













1d4







x3













x2







110 ft.

















2 lb.

5 lb.











2 lb.







Piercing















2 lb.

Bludgeoning

1d6

19-20/x2



3 lb.

Slashing

Medium-size Exotic Weapons  Melee

Katana*

Prayer Beads*

N/A

5 gp

1d10

1d8

Large Exotic Weapons  Melee

Kusari Gama*

35 gp

Manriki Gusari*

Shogi*

40 gp

30 gp

Siangham Walking

Cane*

Staff, Balancing*

Staff, Blowgun*

Darts (10)

Staff, Ladder*

5 gp

5 gp

25 gp

3 gp

10 gp

1d6/1d8

1d8/1d8

1d6/1d4

1d4/1d6

1d4/1d4

1d6/1d6

1d3

1d6/1d6

Tiny Exotic Weapons  Ranged

Throwing Quill*

2 gp

1

Medium-size Exotic Weapons  Ranged

Blowgun,

Repeating, Lesser*

Dart Cartridge

50 gp

1 gp



1

Large Exotic Weapons  Ranged

Blowgun, Greater

Dart (10)

Dart, Explosive*

Dart, Stun*

20 gp

3 gp

2 gp

1 sp

1d3



1

1d4#

6 lb.

2 lb.

15 lb.

18 lb.

12 lb.

2 lb.

4 lb.

4 lb.

1 lb.

6 lb.

Slashing

Bludgeoning

Slashing/

Bludgeoning

Bludgeoning

Slashing/

Bludgeoning

Bludgeoning

/Piercing

Bludgeoning

Bludgeoning

Piercing

Bludgeoning

1/10 lb.

Piercing

2 lb.

Piercing

1/10 lb.



4 lb.

1 lb.

1/10 lb.

1/10 lb.

Piercing



Bludgeoning

Bludgeoning















10 ft.





10 ft.

10 ft.



10 ft.







19-20/x2

x2

x2

x2

x2

x2

x2

x2

x2

x2

x2

x2



x2



x2

x2

242

Blowgun,

Repeating,

Greater*

Dart Cartridge

100 gp

1d3

2 gp



x2



10 ft.



Arrowheads

x3

Karimata (1)*

x3

Togari-Ya (1)*

x2

Yanagi-Ba (1)*

x3

Watakusi (1)*

Demonslayer*

x3

See the description of this weapon for special rules.

* The weapon deals subdual damage rather than normal damage.

 Double weapon.

+1 gp

+1 gp

+1 gp

+1 gp

+2 gp

1d10

1d6

1d12

1d10

1d10

20 ft.





10 ft.

As Arrowhead

RULES SUMMARY

4 lb.

Piercing

1/10 lb.























Item

Acupuncture Kit

Animal Fat

Armourer Kit

Battle Fan

Dragon Sweat

Dragon Tail Tassel

Explosive Egg

Fudeko (8 Oz.)

Knockout Powder (Per Vial)

Leather Fist Straps

Monks Outt

Padded Boxing Gloves

Cost

30 gp

1 cp

50 gp

10 gp

10 gp

5 gp

10 gp

2 gp

100 gp

1 sp

5 gp

1 gp

Weight

 lb.



10 lb.

1 lb.



 lb.

 lb.



 lb.

 lb.

2 lb.

1 lb.

25 lb.

1 lb.

20 lb.

1 lb.

3 lb.







1 lb.



100 gp

5 gp

100 gp

10 gp

6 gp

1 gp

20 gp

5 gp

10 gp

20 gp

Saddle, Masterwork

Signal Mirror, Hand

Signal Mirror, Tower

Tabi

Tear Away Robes

Tsuru

Tsuru, Masterwork

Tsurumaki

Yazutsu

Yumibukuro

No weight worth noting.

 These items weigh one-quarter this amount

when made for Small characters.  Containers for

Small characters also carry one-quarter the normal

amount.

Tools, Trades And Crafts

Armour

Bonus

Max Dex

Bonus

Armour Check

Penalty

Cost

Armour

Extras

Tarred Armour*

+25 gp

See the description of this armour for special rules.

 Armour tted for Small characters weighs half as much.

+1





Arcane Spell

Failure

Speed

(30 ft.)

(20 ft.)

Weight







+1 lb.

243

RULES SUMMARY

Weapon

Tiny Simple Weapons  Melee

Belaying Pin

Cost



Small Simple Weapons  Melee

Carpenters Axe

1 gp

1d3

1d4

Medium-size Simple Weapons  Melee

1d6

Pitchfork

1 gp

Small Martial Weapons  Melee

Woodsmans Axe

4 gp

1d6

x2

x3

x2

x2

Medium-size Martial Weapons  Melee

Ankus*

x2

1d4

See the description of this weapon for special rules.

2 gp

Damage

Critical

Range Increment

Weight

Type





2 lb.

Bludgeoning

2 lb.

Slashing

5 ft.

5 lb.

Piercing





5 lb.

Slashing

3 lb.

Piercing

Item

Artisans Outt

Barrel (Empty)

Basket (Empty)

Bell

Bit And Bridle

Block And Tackle

Bottle, Wine, Glass

Branding Iron

Bucket (Empty)

Cart

Chain (10 ft.)

Chastity Belt

(Open Locks DC 20)

(Open Locks DC 25)

(Open Locks DC 30)

(Open Locks DC 40)

Chest (Empty)

Copper

Crowbar

Dice Set, Bone

Dice Set, Ivory

Dice Set, Silver

Dog

Dog, Riding

Donkey or Mule

Feed (Per Day)

Flask

Gold

Grindstone

Grindstone, Extra Large

Hammer

Weight

Cost

4 lb.

1 gp

30 lb.

2 gp

1 lb.

4 sp



1 gp

1 lb.

2 gp

5 lb.

5 gp



2 gp

1 lb.

6 gp

2 lb.

5 sp

200 lb.

15 gp

2 lb.

30 gp





6 lb.

60 gp

6 lb.

120 gp

6 lb.

240 gp

6 lb.

450 gp

25 lb.

2 gp

1 lb.

5 sp

5 lb.

2 gp



6 cp



8 sp

4 gp



25 gp 

150 gp 



8 gp

10 lb.

5 cp



3 cp

1 lb.

50 gp

21 lb.

25 gp

200 lb.

100 gp

2 lb.

5 sp

Horse, Heavy

Horse, Light

Hourglass

Iron

Jug, Clay

Ladder, 10-Foot

Linen (Sq. Yd.)

Magnifying Glass

Manacles

Manacles, Masterwork

Mirror, Small Steel

Mug/Tankard, Clay

Peasants Outt

Pick, Miners

Pitcher, Clay

Pole, 10-Foot

Pony

Pot, Iron

Rope, Hemp (50 ft.)

Rope, Silk (50 ft.)

Sack (Empty)

Saddle, Amazon

Saddle, Cutting

Saddle, Exotic

Saddle, Fitted

Saddle, Light Cavalry

Saddle, Military

Saddle, Pack

Saddle, Riding

Saddle, Travel

Saddlebags

Sailors Wax

244

200 gp 

75 gp 

25 gp

1 sp

3 cp

5 cp

4 gp

100 gp

15 gp

50 gp

10 gp

2 cp

1 sp

3 gp

2 cp

2 sp

30 gp 

5 sp

1 gp

10 gp

1 sp

12 gp

15 gp

x3

+5 gp

12 gp

20 gp

5 gp

10 gp

10 gp

4 gp

10 gp

1 lb.

1 lb.

9 lb.

20 lb.

1 lb.



2 lb.

2 lb.

 lb.

1 lb.

2 lb.

10 lb.

5 lb.

8 lb.

10 lb.

10 lb.

5 lb.

 lb.

20 lb.

30 lb.

x1.3

+5 lb.

20 lb.

30 lb.

15 lb.

25 lb.

25 lb.

8 lb.



Scale, Merchants

Scholars Outt

Sea Chest

Sealing Wax

Sewing Needle

Signet Ring

Silk (2 Sq. Yd.)

Silver

Sled

Smithy

Soap (Per lb.)

Spade or Shovel

Stabling (Per Day)

Stocks

Target, Archers

2 gp

5 gp

25 gp

1 gp

5 sp

5 gp

20 gp

5 gp

20 gp

600 gp

5 sp

2 gp

5 sp

25 gp

18 gp

1 lb.

6 lb.

30 lb.

1 lb.





1 lb.

1 lb.

300 lb.

1,250

lb.

1 lb.

8 lb.



48 lb.

22 lb.

Holds or Carries

Carrying Capacities

Item

Dry Goods

Backpack

Barrel

Basket

Bucket

Chest

Pouch, Belt

Sack

Saddlebags

Spell Component Pouch

1 Cu.  ft.

10 Cu.  ft.

2 Cu ft.

1 Cu.  ft.

2 Cu.  ft.

1/5 Cu.  ft.

1 Cu.  ft.

5 Cu.  ft.

1/8 Cu.  ft.

RULES SUMMARY

2 lb.

200 lb.

1 lb.

175 lb.

1 lb.

8 lb.

1 lb.



400 lb.

20 gp

N/A

95 gp

70 gp

12 gp

250 gp

30 gp

1 gp

35 gp

400 gp 

150 gp 

100 gp 

2 cp

Toolkit, Bowyer/Fletchers

Toolkit, Coinsmiths

Toolkit, Keymakers

Toolkit, Leatherworkers

Toolkit, Mapmakers

Toolkit, Navigators

Toolkit, Surgeons

Vial, Ink or Potion

Wagon

Warhorse, Heavy

Warhorse, Light

Warpony

Whetstone

No weight worth noting.

 These items weigh one-quarter this amount

when made for Small characters.  Containers for

Small characters also carry one-quarter the normal

amount.

1 lb.

Liquids

Bottle, Wine, Glass

Flask

Jug, Clay

Mug/Tankard, Clay

Pitcher, Clay

Pot, Iron

Vial, Ink or Potion

Waterskin

Vehicles

Cart

Sled

Wagon

1 1/2 Pint

1 Pint

1 Gallon

1 Pint

1/2 Gallon

1 Gallon

1 Ounce

1/2 Gallon

1/2 Ton

1 Ton

2 Tons

Feats

Feat

General

Exotic Device (swift feet)

Psionic

Attunement

Inscribe Psychic Tattoo

Prerequisites

Dexterity 12+

Three Metacreativity feats, two Psychometabolism powers, Psychic Bastion

Manifester level 1+, Craft (tattooing) 8 ranks

245

INDEX

Index

A

Aba 88

Acacia 66

Acid 15, 74, 187

Acidic Tar 16

Acid Bulb 15

Aclis 128

Acrobatic Armour 32

Acupuncture Kit 201

Adarga 137

Adders Balm 58

Adders Tongue 66

Aeroglass 163

Aeroglass Plate 150

Agaric 66

Agrimony 66

Alchemists Fire 16

Alchemists Gold 163

Ale 55

Alembic, Greater 16

Altar Shroud 42

Angelica 66

Angle-Knife 129

Animal Fat 201

Animal Snare 88

Anise 66

Ankus 204

Anti-fungal Ointment 88

Antitoxin 16

Appraisal Kit 16

Appraisal Kit, Masterwork 16

Aquatic Quiver 178

Armoured Sleeves 13

Armourer Kit 201

Armour Blades 129

Armour Cracker 74

Armour Crippler 74

Armour Padding 74

Armour Spikes 150

Arms 178

Arquefoil Tincture 58

Arrow, Broad 148

Arrows 147

Arrows, Armour Piercing 147

Arrows, Barbed 147

Arrows, Fire 148

Arrows, Fishing 148

Arrows, Flight 148

Arrows, Game 148

Arrows, Smokescreen  148

Arrows, Thunder 148

Arrows, Tracer 149

Arrows, Whistling 149

Artengak 143

Artisans Outt 204

Asafoetida 67

Ashen Powder 75

Astral 118

Athame 49

Atl-Atl 179

Aurasilk 110

Avens 67

Aventail 177

Axe, Carpenters 204

Axe, Orc Double 137

Axe, Stonecutting 165

Axe, Throwing 136

Axe, Woodsmans 204

B

Backpack 88

Back and Breast 150

Back Travois 42

Bag, Snapdragon 75

Bagpipes 39

Bag of Glass 32

Baked Garlic 55

Balancing Staff 197

Balls, Juggling 32

Banded Mail 150

Banners 42

Banquet 55

Bardic Armour 32

Barding 208

Barrister Case 16

Barrowboat 165

Battleaxe 129

Battle Fans 201

Ba Gua Dao 137

Beads, Assassins 138

Beautiful 37

Bec-de-Corbin 129

Bedroll 88

Belaying Pin 204

Bell 49

Belladonna 67

Bellows Organ  39

Besagues 177

Besom 49

Birds Tongue 75

Bird Call 88

Blackface 75

Black Metal 183

Bladderwrack Tea 58

Bladed Boots 196

Bladed Bow 136

Bladed Cloak 138

Bladeshatter Plate 151

Blanket, Winter 89

Blanket and Hood, Horse 89

Blessed Food 42

Blessed Rose Petals 67

Blinding 187

Blood Decoy 89

Blowgun 143

Blowgun, Greater 195

Blowgun, Repeating 196

Blue Vision 59

Boat Boots 89

Bodysuit, Silk 75

Body Pack  89

Body Sled 89

Bolas, Three-Ball 143

Bolstering 119

Bolts 149

Bolt Driver 136

Bones 190

Boneset 67

Bone Armour 181

246

Bone Mail 162

Boots, Bladed 90

Bottled Mist 172

Bouncing Boots 103

Bow Sling 149

Bow Stabiliser 149

Bramble Hold 59

Branding Iron 204

Bread 55

Breastplate 151

Breathing Rope 90

Breath Bag 90

Brick Press 90

Brigandine 151

Brilliant Oil 186

Bronze Armour 181

Bronze Plate 151

Broom 67

Buckler 151

Buckskin Armour 151

Builders Kit 188

Builders Kit, Masterwork 189

Bulette Attunement 121

Bull-Roarer 49

Bullets, Sling 149

Bumblefoot 103

Burning Glove 17

Burning Oil 186

Burrowing Shield 165

C

Caltrops 75

Camouage Armour 151

Camouage Makeup 76

Camouage Tarp 90

Candle 25

Candle, Bright 25

Candle, Cold 25

Candle, Re-lighting 25

Candle, Self-Lighting 25

Candle, Smoking 26

Candle, Sparking 26

Candle, Standing 25

Candlemaking Kit 43

Candle Snuffer 50

Canoe, Bark 90

Canoe, Dugout 90

Canoe, Outrigger  91

Canvas 91

Cards 190

Cart 208

Case, Map or Scroll 91

Catmint Potpourri 59

Celandine 68

Celestialabe 17

Celestial Attunement 121

Chain 204

Chain, Spiked 138

Chainmail 152

Chainmail, Arcane 152

Chain Shirt 152

Chakram 143

Chalice 50

Chalk 91

Chameleon Paint 172

Chastity Belt 204

INDEX

Cheese 55

Chicken 55

Chitinous Armour 152

Chortle Bomb 17

Cicada Wing Sword 138

Cinnamon 55

Clamp Hands 103

Clappers 39

Clay and Wax Box 76

Clean Water 55

Clerics Travelling Outt 43

Clerics Vestments 43

Climbers Kit 91

Climbers Kit, Masterwork 91

Climbing Armour 152

Climbing Canes 172

Climbing Claws 200

Climbing Harness 165

Cloak, Hangmans  76

Cloth-Sleeved Practice Weapons 181

Cloves 68

Club 123

Club, Padded 123

Club, Wolfs Teeth 138

Cold Fire 172

Cold Iron 183

Cold Weather Outt 91

Collapsing Cart 166

Combat Focus 119

Comfrey Root 68

Compartment Book 76

Compass 91

Concealed Armour 32

Concealing Ring 17

Concentration Pie 17

Contact Paper  77

Coracle  91

Cord Armour 152

Courtiers Outt 33

Cow 55

Crossbow, Aquatic 143

Crossbow, Bracer 144

Crossbow, Hand 144

Crossbow, Heavy 127

Crossbow, Light 127

Crossbow, Quad 144

Crossbow, Repeating 144

Crossbow, Ried  144

Crossbow, Siege 145

Crossbow, Snipers 145

Crossbow Bayonet 179

Crystalline Serum 116

Crystals 50

Crystalweave 113

Crystal Foci 110

D

Dagger 123

Dagger, Assassins 123

Dagger, Double-Bladed 138

Dagger, Hollow Pommel 123

Dagger, Leeching 124

Dagger, Punching 124

Dagger, Sap Pommel 129

Dagger, Spring-Loaded 129

Dagger, Throwing 127

247

INDEX

Daggers, Tamo 124

Daikyu 198

Damiana Oil 59

Dandelion 68

Darkre Arrow or Bolt 26

Darkre Orb 27

Darkre Stick 27

Dart 128

Deafening 187

Deathstalk 68

Defensive 119

Deirdres Tears 69

Descending Staff 166

Desert Kit 92

Desert Kit, Masterwork 92

Diadem 43

Diagram Set 77

Dice Set 205

Disease-Bearing 187

Disguise Kit 33

Disguise Kit, Waterproof 77

Displacer Beast Attunement 121

Divine Symbol Flask 43

Do 193

Dog, Riding 208

Donkey or Mule 208

Dorje 50

Dorje, Simple 110

Dowsing Rod 92

Dowsing Rods, Arcane 18

Dragonscale Armour 152

Dragon Attunement 121

Dragon Head Stick 139

Dragon Sweat 201

Dragon Tail Tassel 202

Dramatic Make-up 33

Drum 50

Drums  39

Dwarven Firebox 166

Dwarven Pie 92

E

Eaglesight 59

Earths Blood  92

Ear Blade 77

Etrick 69

Elderberry 69

Elegant Clothes 33

Elemental 119

Elfhair 166

Eln Metal 181

Elf Cord 33

Elven Boots 172

Elven Camouage Paint 172

Elven Lyre 173

Elven Wafer 92

Elven Warpaint 173

Elven Wine 173

Emblazoned Shield 43

Emei Piercers 139

Entertainers Outt 33

Ephemeryl 110

Erasing 119

Erasing Broom 77

Eskelion 110

Estuary Case 43

Executioners Sword 130

Exotic Armour Materials 181

Expert Thieves Tools 107

Explorers Outt 92

Explosive Darts 196

Explosive Egg 202

Expressive 38

Eyeblight 69

Eyebright 69

F

Faerie Dust 173

Faerie Wings  69

Fairy Dust 50

Falchion 130

False Faces Kit 34

False Knife  77

False Tooth 78

False Weapons 104

Falx 130

Familiars Pack 18

Feather Skin 153

Feed 208

Fenwater Bile 59

Fey Spirits 174

Fiddle 39

Field Healers Kit 43

Figurine 190

Figwort 69

Finger Blade 78

Finger Board 111

Finger Razors 124

Fins 92

Firebane Parchment 18

Fireproof Oil 18

Fire Gloves 18

Fire Seed 93

Fire Wheel 50

Fishing Kit 93

Fishing Net 93

Flail, Dire 139

Flail, Heavy or Light 130

Flail, Sprinkling 44

Flamberge 139

Flametongue 139

Flare Paste 18

Flarrow 149

Flash Dragon 34

Flash Powder 78

Flask 205

Flat Boat 93

Flight 119

Flint 183

Flint and Steel 93

Flour 55

Flute  40

Flutegun 145

Folding Brace 189

Folding Stool 190

Font, Great 44

Font, Portable 44

Footbow 145

Footpads Vest 78

Foot Spikes 200

Forest Blind 93

Forest Kit 93

248

INDEX

Forest Kit, Masterwork 93

Forging Tools, Ancestors 166

Form-Fit 177

Foxre 18

Frost Steel 164

Fudeko 198

Full Plate 153

Fungal Rations 166

Fur-Lined Hide Mail 153

G

Gallowgum 19

Gardenia Balm 60

Gas Finder 167

Gauntlet 124

Gauntlet, Guardian  124

Gauntlet, Locked 153

Gauntlet, Spiked 125

Gauntlet, Spring Blade  125

Gauntlet, Teethed  125

Gauntlets, Clawed 78

Gauntlets, Edged  124

Gauntlets, Studded  125

Gelatinous Breath 19

Ghost Attunement 122

Giantspars 167

Ginger or Pepper 56

Gladius 130

Glaive 130

Glass 183

Glass Cutter 78

Glass Gargle 79

Glitter 19

Gloves, False Finger 79

Gloves, False Flesh 79

Glowing Harness 94

Glowmould Fuel 94

Glowmould Lantern 94

Glowwand 174

Glow Powder 94

Glyss 112

Goat 56

Goggles, Underwater 104

Gold Armour 182

Gold Coin Spade 130

Grapplegum 79

Grappling Hook 94

Graveyard Soil 50

Grease 19

Greataxe 131

Greatclub 131

Greatsword 131

Grindstone 205

Gripping Resin 94

Growth 120

Guisarme 131

Gypsys Net 34

H

Haidate 193

Halberd 131

Half-Moon Longspear 131

Half-Plate 153

Half-Plate, Elven 153

Haling Bread 95

Haling Drawharp  40

Haling Harness 108

Halfspear 125

Hallowed Ale 167

Hallowower Essence 60

Hammer, Great 131

Hammer, Light 131

Hammer, Meteor 139

Handaxe 131

Handle Tip 179

Hand Bore 189

Hand Ram 189

Hardening Oil 186

Harp 40

Harpoon, Light 128

Hastening Oil 19

Hauberk 154

Hawthorn 70

Headband, Power Stone 111

Headgear, Ritual 51

Healers Kit 44

Hearthdown Bedroll 108

Hearth Stones 95

Hearty Broth 56

Heavy Scale 162

Helmet, Lantern 104

Helmet, Listening 104

Hemlock 70

Henbane 70

Heraldic Coin Armour 154

Hide 154

Hide, Bugbear 154

Hide, Hunters  154

Hide, Hydra 154

Hilt, Blast Cap 79

Hilt, Removable  79

Hilt Flail 179

Hollow-Bladed Weapon 34

Holly 70

Holy Robes 44

Holy Symbol 44

Holy Texts 45

Holy Vestments 45

Holy Water 45

Hood and Cowl 13

Horehound 70

Horn 51

Horn, Hunting 95

Horn, Small 95

Horn, Speaking 34

Horn Harp 174

Horse Nails 80

Hot Oil 187

Hot Sand 188

Hundred Eyes 120

Hunters Outt 95

Hunting Fletchings 149

Hunting Knives 95

Hurdy-Gurdy    40

Hush Berry 60

I

Ice-Maker 20

Icebloom Rose Tea 60

Iceow Oil 80

Icepick 20

249

INDEX

Ice Boots 95

Ice Cutter 20

Icon 45

Identication Kit 20

Identication Kit, Masterwork 20

Ignis Weed 70

Imbuing Tub 167

Incendiary 188

Innite Book 104

Ink 20

Inkpen 20

Inscribing Paint 26

Insect Netting 96

Insect Repellent 96

Insect Repelling Candle 96

Inspirational 38

Iron-Breaker 145

Ironroot Powder 117

Ironwood Balm 174

Iron Armour 182

Iron Fan 140

J

Jacks 191

Jailbreak Tools 80

Javelin 128

Jawed Maul 167

Jellysh Paste 80

Jesters Bell 20

Jesters Outt  35

Joints 178

Jow 60

Jowlnumb 60

Jug, Clay 205

Jungle Kit 96

Jungle Kit, Masterwork 96

K

Kabuto 193

Kama or Haling Kama 140

Kartika 51

Karvar 131

Katana 194

Khopesh 132

Killing Gold 167

Killpicks 80

Kneeling Bar 45

Knife 126

Knife, Deer Horn 132

Knife, Spider Throwing 136

Knockout Powder Vial 193

Knowing Tree Oil 61

Knuckleduster 126

Kote 193

Kukri 140

Kusari Gama 197

Kwan Dao 132

L

Ladder, Rope 96

Ladder Staff 197

Lamp, Common 96

Lance, Barbed, Heavy And Light 185

Lance, Blunt, Heavy And Light 185

Lance, Dire 185

Lance, Heavy or Light 132

Lantern, Bullseye 96

Lantern, Darkvision 168

Lantern, Hooded 97

Lantern, Stage 35

Large Shell 162

Lariat 146

Larkspur 71

Leaden Sleeves 200

Leash 97

Leather, Dwarven 168

Leather Armour 154

Leather Armour, Digester 154

Leather Armour, Displacer Beast 155

Leather Armour, Gargoyle 155

Leather Armour, Gorgon 155

Leather Armour, Hell Hound 155

Leather Armour, Night 155

Leather Armour, Rust Monster 156

Leather Armour, Troglodyte 156

Leather Fist Straps 202

Legs 178

Lightning Balm 61

Lightning Bug Oil 81

Light Scale 162

Liquid Light 174

Listening Cone 81

Lock 81

Lockbreaker, Blossoming 81

Lockbreaker, Magnetic Tumbler 81

Lock Glass 81

Lock Picks, Long-Stemmed 81

Longbow 136

Longbow, Composite 136

Longspear 132

Longsword 132

Lotus 71

Loudfoot Paste 82

Lovers Bloom 71

Lye, Scouring 168

M

Mace, Chained 126

Mace, Heavy or Light 126

Machete 97

Maelstone 168

Mages Component Ring 21

Magicians Chest 35

Magnifying Glass 205

Manacles and Manacles, Masterwork 205

Mancatcher 140

Mandala 51

Mandrake 71

Manikin 35

Mani Wheel 51

Manriki Gusari 197

Many-Lens Mask 105

Marbles 82

Martial 38

Mask 82

Mat, Meditation 111

Mat, Sleeping 111

Meals 56

Meat 56

250

INDEX

Mechanical Log 105

Medium Scale 162

Memory Stones 191

Mempo 193

Mental Fortitude 120

Merfolk Attunement 122

Mestiph Seeds 117

Metal Core Practice Weapons 181

Metronome 40

Mindsharp 64

Miners Pack 168

Mistletoe 71

Moleskin 97

Moneycall Potion 61

Monks Outt 202

Monkshood 72

Monocle, Rogues 82

Monocle, Sentrys 82

Moon Silver 164

Morningstar 126

Mothers Milk 64

Mountaineers Outt 97

Mountain Kit 97

Mountain Kit, Masterwork 97

Mugwort 72

Mullein 72

N

Naginata 132

Naphtha 175

Net 146

Net, Handled 21

Nettle Cloak 82

Neverweather Satchel 21

Nights Cream 61

Nights Touch 120

Nightingale Balm 61

Nobles Outt 35

Northern Garb 168

Nunchaku or Haling Nunchaku 140

Nymph Attunement 122

O

Oaken Tree Bark Armour 156

Offering Bowl 51

Ofcers Outt 191

Oil 97

Oil, Honing 168

Oil, Stonesight 169

Oil, Thundering 169

Oiled Bowstring 150

Oilskin Bodysuit 83

Openquiet Oil 61

Ordeal Chamber 45

Ornate Flail or Mace Head 179

Orrery, Small 175

Otterskin 21

Ox 56

P

Packing Board 98

Padded 156

Padded Boxing Gloves 202

Paindull 64

Paper 21

Paralysis Pellet 21

Parasol 35

Parchment 22

Peasants Outt 205

Pendulum 51

Pennants 46

Personal Banner 189

Phantom Player 35

Philosophers Steel 183

Pick, Heavy or Light 132

Pig 56

Pike 133

Pilum 136

Pin Ring 83

Pipe 51

Pipe Organ 46

Pitchfork 205

Piton 98

Plant Fibre Plate 156

Pocket of Sashes 36

Poisonbane 61

Poison Antidote Kit 46

Pomegranate 72

Pony, Stonebred 169

Portable Altar 51

Portable Organ  41

Portable Ram 189

Portable Shelter 189

Portable Stove 108

Pouch, Belt 98

Powdered Tears 83

Prayer Beads 52

Prayer Beads 203

Prayer Book 46

Prayer Rug 52

Preservative Fluid 46

Preserving Kit 98

Preserving Kit, Masterwork 98

Prevailing 38

Prism, Alchemical 22

Prism, Spell 22

Psisteel Armour 114

Psisteel Shield 114

Psisteel Weapon 114

Psychic Mastery 7

Pull Cart 168

Pulveriser 169

Pure 38

Pure Copper 183

Pure Gold 184

Purity Stone 22

Q

Quarterstaff 126

Quick-Change Plate 156

Quickenberry Tea 62

Quicklime 189

Quickrock 169

Quickshot Quiver 175

Quicksilver 184

Quicksilver Storage Batteries 111

Quiver, Climbers 83

251

INDEX

R

Rage Wine 56

Raging Beast 120

Rangeglass 83

Ranseur 133

Rapier 133

Rations, Mindmeal 112

Rations, Trail 56

Ratspaw Poultice 62

Razor Disk Launcher 146

Razor Thread 83

Relic, False 46

Relic, True 47

Relic Case 46

Relic Treatment Tools 47

Reliquaries 47

Resonant 38

Reversible Bardic Doublet 36

Reversible Clothes 36

Ribbon Daggers 140

Rich 38

Riser  98

Ritual Dagger 26

Ritual Sword 52

Robe, Alchemists 13

Robe, Arcane 13

Robe, Armoured 156

Robe, Battle 157

Robe, Combat 14

Robe, Deep Pockets 14

Robe, Misers 14

Robe, Shadowsilk 14

Robe, Winterbane 14

Robe of Yew Leaves 157

Rob Fob 105

Rock Crusher 141

Rooster Blade 141

Rope, Hemp 98

Rope, Silk 98

Rope Cranker 105

Rosin Bag 179

Roundels 157

Royal Outt 36

Rucksack 98

Ruler, Wizards Cloth 22

Rumblesticks 169

Rusting Oil 186

Rustproong Oil 186

Rust Orb 22

S

Sacred Armour 48

Sacred Cords 52

Sacred Weapon 48

Sacricial Implements 48

Saddle, Masterwork 203

Saddles 208

Saffron 56

Sailors Wax 205

Salt 57

Salt Tablet 98

Sap 133

Sappers Kit 189

Sappers Kit, Masterwork 189

Sawtooth 126

Scabbards 191

Scale, Merchants 206

Scale Mail 157

Scatter Sticks 191

Scholars Outt 206

Scimitar 133

Scourge 52

Scroll, Waterproof 23

Scrollcase, Adamantine 23

Scrollcase, Leather 23

Scrollcase, Mithral 23

Scrollcase, Watertight 23

Scroll Dispenser 23

Scythe 133

Sea Chest 206

Sea Salt 52

Secured Spice Rack 108

Sending Drums 170

Serpentweed Wine 118

Serrated Blade 179

Shadow Attunement 122

Shamans Outt 49

Sharkskin Suit 84

Sharpening Stone, Personal 191

Sharpening Stone, Wheel 192

Sheep 57

Shield, Buzzshield 105

Shield, Crossbow  157

Shield, Dragonscale 157

Shield, Jousting 158

Shield, Large, Wooden or Steel 158

Shield, Leather 158

Shield, Mancatcher 158

Shield, Retractable 158

Shield, Sickle 158

Shield, Small, Wooden or Steel 159

Shield, Teethed 159

Shield, Tiger Steel 159

Shield, Tower 159

Shield, Turtle 159

Shield, Widowmaker 159

Shield, Woven 160

Shield Hook 133

Shield Spikes 160

Shirt, Silk 160

Shock Freeze 84

Shogi 197

Shortbow 137

Shortbow, Composite 137

Shortspear 126

Shrapnel 188

Shuriken 146

Siangham or Haling Siangham 141

Siangham Walking Cane 198

Sibilant 38

Sickle 126

Sifting Pan 170

Sighting Glass 99

Signal Banner 190

Signal Mirrors 203

Signal Whistle 99

Silver Armour 182

Silver Weapons 184

Singing Bowl and Puja Stick 53

Skates 99

Skirt, Mithril  160

Skis 99

252

Skullcap 72

Sled 209

Sleeping Draught 192

Sleeping Mist 175

Sleepy Tea 57

Sleigh 99

Slender Chainmail Shirt 160

Slide Grease 170

Sling 128

Sling-Out Baton 195

Slingshot 128

Small Shell 163

Smithy 206

Smoke 188

Smokestick 23

Smoke Powder 186

Smudging Stick 53

Snowshoes 99

Snow Guards 99

Socket Haft 170

Sode 193

Soft Kelp 163

Soldiers Outt 192

Sounding Drum 99

Southnder 106

Speaksweet Brew 62

Spear, Snake 141

Spear, Two-Headed 127

Speed 120

Spellbook, Wizards 24

Spell Component Pouch 23

Spices 192

Spidersilk 175

Spiked Helmet 127

Splint Mail 161

Springspear 133

Sprinkler, Holy Water 49

Spyglass 100

Stabling 209

Staff, Arcane 27

Staff, Blowgun  195

Staff, Explorers 27

Staff, Extending 27

Staff, Final Strike 27

Staff, Fire 28

Staff, Hollow Core 28

Staff, Iron 127

Staff, Kestrel Stand 28

Staff, Light 28

Staff, Lightning Node 28

Staff, Psionic 112

Staff, Quick 28

Staff, Sage 29

Staff, Thunder 29

Staff, Walking Stick 29

Staff, War 29

Staff-Spear 141

Staff Sling 137

Standard 190

Stars Heart 185

Starberry Fruit 57

Star Robes 175

Sticky Oil 186

Stiffened Kelp 163

Still Life 84

Stinging Smoke 24

Stocks 206

Stormbane Iron 164

INDEX

Stronglock 84

Strong Rations 100

Studded Bracers 203

Studded Leather 161

Stun Darts 196

Sune-Ate 194

Sunrod 24

Superior 38

Surcoat 177

Surgeons Kit 24

Swamp Dwellers Outt 100

Swamp Kit 100

Swamp Kit, Masterwork 100

Swift Feet 106

Swimming Gear 107

Swines Rest 62

Sword, Bastard 141

Sword, Broad 133

Sword, Crescent 141

Sword, Crystal 134

Sword, Pressured Powered 107

Sword, Short 134

Sword, Singing 134

Sword, Skirmish 142

Sword, Tiger Hook 142

Sword, Two-Bladed 142

Sword-Breaker 142

Sword-Catcher 142

Sword-Pike 134

Swordstealer Hilt 180

Sword Cane 134

Sword Gauntlet 134

Sword Guard, Catcher 180

Sword Guards, Ornate 180

Sword Handle, Grip 180

Sword Handle, Ornate 180

Sword Pommel, Holy 180

Sword Pommel, Ornate 180

Sword Pommel, Weighted 180

T

Tabard, Chain 177

Tabard, Padded 177

Tabi Boots 196

Tangle 188

Tanglefoot Bag 24

Target, Archers 206

Tarred Armour 206

Tear Away Robes 203

Tea Leaves 57

Telescopic Staff 198

Tent 100

Thick Furs 100

Thieves Tools 84

Thieves Tools, Masterwork 84

Throwing Quill 200

Thunderstone 24

Thurible 53

Tindertwig 24

Tingshas 53

Tobacco 57

Tonfa 195

Tool-Pipe 109

Toolkit, Bowyer/Fletchers 207

Toolkit, Coinsmiths 207

Toolkit, Keymakers 207

253

INDEX

Toolkit, Leatherworkers 207

Toolkit, Mapmakers 207

Toolkit, Navigators 207

Toolkit, Surgeons 207

Torch 100

Torso 178

Tourniquet 100

Tower Bells 49

Traitors Dust 85

Trampoline 36

Trap Springer 170

Travellers Outt 101

Travellers Stock 101

Travelling Chest 25

Travelling Cloak 176

Travel Bread 57

Travel Coins 192

Travois 101

Travois, Miners 170

Tree Net 101

Trident 134

Tripvine 85

Troll Attunement 122

True-North 73

Trumpets 41

Trumscheit     41

Tsuru 198

Tsurumaki 199

Tulwar 135

Tuning Fork 36

Turtle 190

Turtle Suit 161

Twinklejuice 62

Twin Flutes 176

U

Ularids Firewood 171

Umbrella Hat 192

Underground Outt 101

Underhold Claws 85

Unicorns Horn 62

Unicycle 37

Universal Rations 57

Universal Stylus 25

V

Vampire Attunement 122

Vase 53

Venomous 120

Vest, Burglars 85

Vial, Ink or Potion 207

Vileblossom Essence 62

Vilevine 171

W

Wagon 209

Wakeberries 58

Wakibiki 194

Wakizashi 195

War-Rake 135

Waraxe, Dwarven 142

Warhammer 135

War Fork 135

Waterbore 171

Waterproong Oil 187

Waterskin 102

Water Additive 101

Water Clock 26

Water Pack 101

Water Trap 102

Waybread 176

Weapon Case 37

Weapon Harness 192

Weapon Tarnish 85

Weather Gauge 102

Web Net 102

Well Straw 102

Whale-Skin Suit 102

Wheat 58

Wheel Bore 171

Whip 147

Whistle, Screaming 41

Whistle, Wild 41

Whistle-pipe 109

Widowmaker 135

Willstone Tea 63

Wine 58

Wine, Ritual 53

Winterchill 85

Wire Armour 161

Witch Hazel 73

Wizards Armour 15

Wizards Clothes 15

Wolfs Bane 63

Wooden Practice Weapons 181

Wood Armour 182

Wood Betony 73

Wood Chimes 176

Wood Splint Armour 161

Woollen Dome Tent 109

Wormwood Artemisia Absinthium 73

Woundwort 73

Wrist Razor 135

X

Xanaphers Toil 63

Xilliar 171

Xornclaw Shovel 86

Y

Ya 199

Yarrow and Nettle Balm 63

Yazutsu 199

Yellow Dust 86

Yew Wood 171

Yugake 194

Yumi 199

Yumibukuro 199

Z

Zarakroot Chew 63

Zephyrwing 86

Zither, Dwarven 171

254

LICENCES

The d20 System License version 3.0

By downloading the enclosed graphic les and/or by returning the

Conrmation Card as presented in the le card.pdf, the Licensee

(You) accept to be bound by the following terms and conditions:

1.  Copyright & Trademark

Wizards of the Coast, Inc.  retains title and ownership of the d20

System trademark logos, the d20 System trademark, and all other

copyrights and trademarks claimed by Wizards of the Coast in The

Ofcial Wizards of the Coast d20 System Trademark Logo Guide

version 1.0, incorporated here by reference.

License without prior notice.  You will, at the earliest possible

opportunity, conform in all respects to the updated or revised terms of

this License.  For a period of 90 days You may continue to distribute

any pre-existing material that complies with a previous version of the

License.  Thereafter written consent should be obtained from Wizards

of the Coast.  Subsequent versions of this License will bear a different

version number.

10.  Updates of Licensee information

You may transmit an updated version of the card.pdf Conrmation

Card at any time to Wizards of the Coast.

2.  License to use

You are hereby granted the non-transferable, non-exclusive, royalty-

free license to use the d20 System trademark logos, the d20 System

trademark, and certain other trademarks and copyrights owned by

Wizards of the Coast in accordance with the conditions specied in

The Ofcial Wizards of the Coast d20 System Trademark Logo Guide

version 1.0.  (the Licensed Articles)

11.  Notices to Licensor:

Wizards of the Coast

d20 System License Dept.

PO Box 707

Renton, WA  98057-0707

3.  Agreement not to Contest

By making use of and/or distributing material using the d20 System

Trademark under the terms of this License, You agree not to contest

the ownership of the Licensed Articles

4.  Breach and Cure

In the event that You fail to comply with the terms of this License,

You will be considered to be in breach of this License.  Wizards of the

Coast will attempt to notify you in writing by sending a Registered

Letter to the address listed on the most recent Conrmation Card on

le, if any.  You will have 30 days from the date the notice (the cure

period) to cure the breach to the satisfaction of Wizards of the Coast.

If no Conrmation Card is on le, you will be considered to be in

breach of this License immediately.

5.  Termination

If, at the end of the cure period, the breach is not cured, Wizards of

the Coast may terminate this License without further written notice

to You.

6.  Effects of Termination

Upon termination, You shall immediately stop all use of the Licensed

Articles and will destroy any inventory or marketing material in

Your possession bearing the d20 System Trademark logos.  You

will remove any use of the d20 System Trademark logos from your

advertising, web site, letterhead, or any other use.  You must instruct

any company or individual that You are or become aware of who is in

possession of any materials distributed by You bearing the d20 System

Trademark logos to destroy those materials.  You will solely bear any

costs related to carrying out this term of the License.

7.  Penalty for Failure to Comply with Termination Instructions

If You fail to comply with the Effects of Termination, Wizards of

the Coast may, at its option, pursue litigation, for which You shall

be responsible for all legal costs, against You to the full extent of the

law for breach of contract, copyright and trademark infringement,

damages and any other remedy available.

8.  Updates

Wizards of the Coast may issue updates and/or new releases of the

d20 System Trademark logos without prior notice.  You will, at the

earliest possible opportunity, update all material distributed by You

to use the updated and/or new version of the d20 System Trademark

logos.  You may continue to distribute any pre-existing material that

bears an older version of the d20 System Trademark logo.

9.  Changes to Terms of the License

Wizards of the Coast may issue updates and/or revisions to this

12.  No maintenance or support

Wizards of the Coast shall have no obligation whatsoever to provide

You with any kind of maintenance or support in relation to the d20

System Trademark logos.

13.  No Warranty / Disclaimer

THE d20 SYSTEM TRADEMARK LOGO FILES ARE MADE

AVAILABLE ON AN AS IS BASIS.  WIZARDS OF THE COAST

DOES NOT MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY,

WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE FITNESS FOR

A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, USE OR MERCHANTABILITY.

WIZARDS OF THE COAST MAKES NO REPRESENTATION OR

WARRANTY THAT THE  d20 SYSTEM TRADEMARK LOGO

FILES ARE ERROR-FREE.MAKES NO REPRESENTATION OR

WARRANTY THAT THE D20 SYSTEM TRADEMARK LOGO

FILES ARE ERROR-FREE.

Open Game License

THIS LICENSE IS APPROVED FOR GENERAL USE.

PERMISSION TO DISTRIBUTE THIS LICENSE IS MADE BY

WIZARDS OF THE COAST!

OPEN GAME LICENSE Version 1.0a

The following text is the property of Wizards of the Coast, Inc.  and

is Copyright 2000 Wizards of the Coast, Inc (Wizards).  All Rights

Reserved.

1.  Denitions: (a)Contributors means the copyright and/or

trademark owners who have contributed Open Game Content;

(b)Derivative Material means copyrighted material including

derivative works and translations (including into other computer

languages), potation, modication, correction, addition, extension,

upgrade, improvement, compilation, abridgement or other form in

which an existing work may be recast, transformed or adapted; (c)

Distribute means to reproduce, license, rent, lease, sell, broadcast,

publicly display, transmit or otherwise distribute; (d)Open Game

Content means the game mechanic and includes the methods,

procedures, processes and routines to the extent such content does

not embody the Product Identity and is an enhancement over the

prior art and any additional content clearly identied as Open Game

Content by the Contributor, and means any work covered by this

License, including translations and derivative works under copyright

law, but specically excludes Product Identity.  (e) Product Identity

means product and product line names, logos and identifying

marks including trade dress; artifacts; creatures characters; stories,

storylines, plots, thematic elements, dialogue, incidents, language,

artwork, symbols, designs, depictions, likenesses, formats, poses,

concepts, themes and graphic, photographic and other visual or

255

LICENCES

audio representations; names and descriptions of characters, spells,

enchantments, personalities, teams, personas, likenesses and special

abilities; places, locations, environments, creatures, equipment,

magical or supernatural abilities or effects, logos, symbols, or graphic

designs; and any other trademark or registered trademark clearly

identied as Product identity by the owner of the Product Identity, and

which specically excludes the Open Game Content; (f) Trademark

means the logos, names, mark, sign, motto, designs that are used by a

Contributor to identify itself or its products or the associated products

contributed to the Open Game License by the Contributor (g) Use,

Used or Using means to use, Distribute, copy, edit, format,

modify, translate and otherwise create Derivative Material of Open

Game Content.  (h) You or Your means the licensee in terms of

this agreement.

2.  The License: This License applies to any Open Game Content that

contains a notice indicating that the Open Game Content may only be

Used under and in terms of this License.  You must afx such a notice

to any Open Game Content that you Use.  No terms may be added to

or subtracted from this License except as described by the License

itself.  No other terms or conditions may be applied to any Open

Game Content distributed using this License.

3.Offer and Acceptance: By Using the Open Game Content You

indicate Your acceptance of the terms of this License.

4.  Grant and Consideration: In consideration for agreeing to use this

License, the Contributors grant You a perpetual, worldwide, royalty-

free, non-exclusive license with the exact terms of this License to Use,

the Open Game Content.

5.Representation of Authority to Contribute: If You are contributing

original material as Open Game Content, You represent that Your

Contributions are Your original creation and/or You have sufcient

rights to grant the rights conveyed by this License.

6.Notice of License Copyright: You must update the COPYRIGHT

NOTICE portion of this License to include the exact text of the

COPYRIGHT NOTICE of any Open Game Content You are copying,

modifying or distributing, and You must add the title, the copyright

date, and the copyright holders name to the COPYRIGHT NOTICE

of any original Open Game Content you Distribute.

7.  Use of Product Identity: You agree not to Use any Product

Identity, including as an indication as to compatibility, except as

expressly licensed in another, independent Agreement with the

owner of each element of that Product Identity.  You agree not to

indicate compatibility or co-adaptability with any Trademark or

Registered Trademark in conjunction with a work containing Open

Game Content except as expressly licensed in another, independent

Agreement with the owner of such Trademark or Registered

Trademark.  The use of any Product Identity in Open Game Content

does not constitute a challenge to the ownership of that Product

Identity.  The owner of any Product Identity used in Open Game

Content shall retain all rights, title and interest in and to that Product

Identity.

8.  Identication: If you distribute Open Game Content You must

clearly indicate which portions of the work that you are distributing

are Open Game Content.

9.  Updating the License: Wizards or its designated Agents may

publish updated versions of this License.  You may use any authorized

version of this License to copy, modify and distribute any Open Game

Content originally distributed under any version of this License.

10 Copy of this License: You MUST include a copy of this License

with every copy of the Open Game Content You Distribute.

11.  Use of Contributor Credits: You may not market or advertise the

Open Game Content using the name of any Contributor unless You

have written permission from the Contributor to do so.

12 Inability to Comply: If it is impossible for You to comply with

any of the terms of this License with respect to some or all of the

Open Game Content due to statute, judicial order, or governmental

regulation then You may not Use any Open Game Material so

affected.

13 Termination: This License will terminate automatically if You fail

to comply with all terms herein and fail to cure such breach within 30

days of becoming aware of the breach.  All sublicenses shall survive

the termination of this License.

14 Reformation: If any provision of this License is held to be

unenforceable, such provision shall be reformed only to the extent

necessary to make it enforceable.

15 COPYRIGHT NOTICE

Open Game License v 1.0 Copyright 2000, Wizards of the Coast, Inc.;

System Rules Document Copyright 2000, Wizards of the Coast,

Inc.; Authors Jonathan Tweet, Monte Cook, Skip Williams, based on

original material by E.  Gary Gygax and Dave Arneson.;

The D20 System(r) License Version 1.0 Copyright 2000, Wizards Of

The Coast Inc;

Arms & Armour Copyright 2001, Bastion Press, Inc.

Minions: Fearsome Foes Copyright 2002, Bastion Press

Deadlands d20 Copyright 2001, Fantasy Flight Publishing, Inc.

Dragonstar: Starfarers Handbook Copyright 2001, Fantasy Flight

Publishing, Inc.

Seafarers Handbook Copyright 2001, Fantasy Flight Inc.

Traps & Treachery Copyright 2001, Fantasy Flight Publishing, Inc.

Path of Magic Copyright 2002, Fantasy Flight Publications Inc.

Path of the Sword Copyright 2002, Fantasy Flight Publications Inc.

Spells and Spellcraft Copyright 2002, Fantasy Flight Inc.

Open Game Content from The Tide of Years Copyright 2001,

Michelle A. Brown Nephew.

Foul Locales: Urban Blight Copyright 2002, Mystic Eye Games

Tournaments, Fairs, and Taverns, Copyright 2002, Natural 20 press.

Wild Spellcraft copyright 2002, Natural 20 Press.

The Quintessential Fighter Copyright 2002, Mongoose Publishing.

The Quintessential Rogue Copyright 2002, Mongoose Publishing.

The Quintessential Wizard Copyright 2002, Mongoose Publishing.

The Quintessential Cleric Copyright 2002, Mongoose Publishing.

The Quintessential Elf Copyright 2002, Mongoose Publishing.

The Quintessential Dwarf Copyright 2002, Mongoose Publishing.

The Quintessential Monk Copyright 2002, Mongoose Publishing.

The Quintessential Witch Copyright 2002, Mongoose Publishing.

The Quintessential Psychic Warrior Copyright 2002, Mongoose

Publishing.

The Quintessential Druid Copyright 2002, Mongoose Publishing.

The Quintessential Samurai Copyright 2002, Mongoose Publishing.

The Quintessential Paladin Copyright 2002, Mongoose Publishing.

Seas of Blood Copyright 2001, Mongoose Publishing.

Gladiator  The Sands of Death Copyright 2001, Mongoose

Publishing.

Crusades of Valour Copyright 2002, Mongoose Publishing.

Ultimate Equipment Guide Copyright 2002, Mongoose Publishing.

256