A Homebrew Supplement

Here is a collection of edited and tweaks subclasses from

XGE. All the changes are intended to make the subclasses

more balanced or to bring more flavour to them.

Credits

This was written by u/VampireBagel_ using Homebrewry,

you can find more of my published work here, special thanks

to u/Lobstaris for letting me use his Way Of Shei and for

making the cover page, u/IrishBandit for his Arcane

Marksman, u/Solbera for fonts and template for the cover

and back cover and to u/SargeBriar for the College of

Whispers and helping me write what I did, and of course the

Discord of Many Things of their helpful feedback.

Here is a rough change log and list of changes from XGE.

This is Version 1.5 of XGS, last updated 01/03/2018

The art on this page is by Hinchel Or, and can be found

here.

The art on the cover is by Tao Qier and can be found here.

Table Of Contents

Subclasses

Bard

College Of Whispers

Barbarian

Storm Herald

Cleric

Forge Cleric

Druid

Circle Of Dreams

Circle Of The Shepherd

Fighter

Arcane Marksman (Arcane Archer)

Monk

Shei (Kensei)

Ranger

Occultist (Monster Slayer)

Sorcerer

Divine Soul

Shadow Magic

Warlock

Celestial

Dullahan (Hexblade)

Wizard

War Magic

Spells

Healing Spirit

Zephyr Strike

Alternate Spells

College of Whispers

Most folk are happy to welcome a bard into their midst.

Bards of the College of Whispers use this to their advantage.

They appear to be like other bards, sharing news, singing

songs, and telling tales to the audiences they gather. In truth,

the College of Whispers teaches its students that they are

wolves among sheep. These bards use their knowledge and

magic to uncover secrets and turn them against others

through extortion and threats.

Many other bards hate the College of Whispers, viewing it

as a parasite that uses a bards reputation to acquire wealth

and power. For this reason, members of this college rarely

reveal their true nature. They typically claim to follow some

other college, or they keep their actual calling secret in order

to infiltrate and exploit royal courts and other settings of

power.

Words of Spite

When you join the College of Whispers at 3rd level, you gain

the ability to make your words magically toxic to a creature's

mind.

As an action, or as a reaction when you take damage, you

can expend one use of your Bardic Inspiration to deal 2d6

psychic damage to a creature within 30 feet of you. If used as

a reaction, you must target the creature that damaged you.

You can do so only once per round.

If you reduce a creature to 0 hit points with this damage,

you can steal thoughts from its broken mind, gaining access

to memories from the last 24 hours of its life, as well as any

significant memories of the DM's choosing. Once you steal

thoughts from a creature, you can't do so again until you

finish a long rest.

The psychic damage increases when you reach certain

levels in this class, increasing to 3d6 at 5th level, 5d6 at 10th

level, and 8d6 at 15th level.

Words of Terror

At 3rd level, you learn to infuse innocent-seeming words with

an insidious magic that can inspire terror.

If you speak to a humanoid while no other visible creatures

are within 30 feet for at least 1 minute, you can attempt to

seed paranoia in its mind. At the end of the conversation, the

target must succeed on a Wisdom saving throw against your

spell save DC or be frightened of you or another creature of

your choice.

While frightened in this way, the target is terrified of the

creature you chose; if you chose yourself, the target flees and

becomes intensely paranoid, trying to avoid the company of

all others and seeking out the safest, most secret place

available to it to hide in. If you chose another creature, the

target believes the creature seeks to harm it in any way

possible and behaves accordingly. This effect ends on the

target after 1 hour, until it is attacked or damaged, or until it

witnesses its allies being attacked or damaged.

If the target succeeds on its saving throw, the target has no

hint that you tried to frighten it.

Once you use this feature, you can't use it again until you

finish a short or long rest.

Mantle of Whispers

At 6th level, you gain the ability to adopt a humanoids

persona. As an action, you can magically capture the shadow

of a humanoid corpse within 5 feet that has been dead no

longer than 10 minutes. You retain this shadow until you

dismiss it (no action required), or capture another.

You can use the shadow as a bonus action. When you do

so, it vanishes, magically transforming into a disguise that

appears on you. You now look like the dead person, but

healthy and alive. You have access to this disguise as long as

you retain its shadow, and can switch between your normal

appearance and the disguise as a bonus action.

While you retain the disguise, you gain access to all

information that the humanoid would freely share with a

casual acquaintance. Such information includes general

details on its background and personal life, but doesn't

include secrets. The information is enough that you can pass

yourself off as the person by drawing on its memories.

Another creature can see through this disguise by

succeeding on a Wisdom (Insight) check contested by your

Charisma (Deception) check. You gain a +5 bonus to your

check.

Once you capture a shadow with this feature, you cant

capture another one with it until you finish a short or long

rest.

Shadow Lore

At 14th level, you gain the ability to weave dark magic into

your words and tap into a creatures deepest fears.

As an action, you magically whisper a phrase that only one

creature of your choice within 30 feet of you can hear. The

target must make a Wisdom saving throw against your spell

save DC. It automatically fails if it cant hear you, or if it

speaks no languages. On a successful saving throw, your

whisper sounds like unintelligible mumbling and has no

effect.

On a failed saving throw, the target is charmed by you for

the next 8 hours or until you or your allies attack it, damage

it, or force it to make a saving throw. During this time, you

and the creature can understand what the other says, even if

you don't share a language. It interprets the whispers as a

description of its most mortifying secret. You gain no

knowledge of this secret, but the target is convinced you

know it.

The charmed creature obeys your commands for fear that

you will reveal its secret. It wont risk its life for you or fight

for you, unless it was already inclined to do so. It grants you

favors and gifts it would offer to a close friend.

When the effect ends, the creature has no understanding of

why it held you in such fear.

Once you use this feature, you cant use it again until you

finish a long rest.

Credits

Written By u/SargeBriar, Version 0.1 02/02/2018

Art by Ian Llanas and Nikolay Kazanin, can be found

here and here

Path of the Storm Herald

All barbarians harbor a fury within. Their rage grants them

superior strength, durability, and speed. Barbarians who

follow the Path of the Storm Herald learn to transform that

rage into a mantle of primal magic, which swirls around

them. When in a fury, a barbarian of this path taps into the

forces of nature to create powerful magical effects.

Storm heralds are typically elite champions who train

alongside druids, rangers, and others sworn to protect

nature. Other storm heralds hone their craft in lodges in

regions wracked by storms, in the frozen reaches at the

world's end, or deep in the hottest deserts.

Storm Aura

Starting at 3rd level, you emanate a stormy, magical aura

while you rage. The aura extends 10 feet from you in every

direction, but not through total cover.

Your aura has an effect that activates when you enter your

rage, and you can activate the effect again on each of your

turns as a bonus action. Choose desert, sea, or tundra. Your

aura's effect depends on that chosen environment, as detailed

below. You can change your environment choice whenever

you gain a level in this class.

If your aura's effects require a saving throw, the DC equals

8 + your proficiency bonus + your Constitution modifier.

Desert. When this effect is activated, all creatures of your

choice in your aura take 1d4 fire damage each. The damage

increases when you reach certain levels in this class,

increasing to 1d6 at 5th level, 1d8 at 10th level, 1d10 at 15th

level, and 1d12 at 20th level.

Sea. When this effect is activated, you can choose one

other creature you can see in your aura. The target must

make a Dexterity saving throw. The target takes 1d4 + your

Constitution modifier lightning damage on a failed save, or

half as much damage on a successful one. The damage

increases when you reach certain levels in this class,

increasing to 2d4 at 10th level, 3d4 at 15th level, and 4d4 at

20th level.

Tundra. When this effect is activated, each creature of your

choice in your aura gains 1d4 temporary hit points, as icy

spirits inure it to suffering. The temporary hit points increase

when you reach certain levels in this class, increasing to 1d6

at 5th level, 1d8 at 10th level, 1d10 at 15th level, and 1d12 at

20th level.

Storm Soul

At 6th level, the storm grants you benefits even when your

aura isn't active. The benefits are based on the environment

you chose for your Storm Aura.

Desert. You gain resistance to fire damage. Moreover, as

an action, you can touch a flammable object that isn't being

worn or carried by anyone else and set it on fire.

Sea. You gain resistance to lightning damage, and you can

breathe underwater. You also gain a swimming speed of 30

feet.

Tundra. You gain resistance to cold damage. Moreover, as

an action, you can touch water and turn a 5-foot cube of it

into ice, which melts after 1 minute. This action fails if a

creature is in the cube.

Shielding Storm

At 10th level, you learn to use your mastery of the storm to

protect others. Each creature of your choice has the damage

resistance you gained from the Storm Soul feature while the

creature is in your Storm Aura.

Raging Storm

At 14th level, the power of the storm you channel grows

mightier, lashing out at your foes. The effect is based on the

environment you chose for your Storm Aura.

Desert. Immediately after a creature in your aura hits you

with an attack, you can use your reaction to force that

creature to make a Dexterity saving throw. On a failed save,

the creature takes fire damage equal to half your barbarian

level.

Sea. When you hit a creature in your aura with an attack,

you can use your reaction to force that creature to make a

Strength saving throw. On a failed save, the creature is

knocked prone, as if struck by a wave.

Tundra. Whenever the effect of your Storm Aura is

activated, you can choose one creature you can see in the

aura. That creature must succeed on a Strength saving throw,

or its speed is reduced to 0 until the start of your next turn, as

magical frost covers it.

Credits

Written by u/VampireBagel_, Version 0.3

12/02/2018

Art by Solfour, can be found here

Forge Domain

The gods of the forge are patrons of artisans who work with

metal, from a humble blacksmith who keeps a village in

horseshoes and plow blades to the mighty elf artisan whose

diamond-tipped arrows of mithral have felled demon lords.

The gods of the forge teach that, with patience and hard

work, even the most intractable metal can be transformed

from a lump of ore to a beautifully wrought object. Clerics of

these deities search for objects lost to the forces of darkness,

liberate mines overrun by orcs, and uncover rare and

wondrous materials necessary to create potent magic items.

Followers of these gods take great pride in their work, and

they are willing to craft and use heavy armor and powerful

weapons to protect them. Deities of this domain include

Gond, Reorx, Onatar, Moradin, Hephaestus, and Goibhniu.

Domain Spells

Cleric Level Spells

1st

3rd

5th

7th

9th

absorb elements, searing smite

arcane lock, heat metal

melf's minute meteors, tiny servant

fabricate, fire shield

animate objects, creation

Bonus Proficiencies

At 1st level, you gain proficiency with martial weapons, heavy

armor and two artisan tools of your choice.

Blessings Of The Forge

Also at 1st level, you can impart the blessings of your god

onto weapons and armor. At the end of a long rest, you can

touch one nonmagical object that is a suit of medium or

heavy armor or a weapon. Until the end of your next long rest

or until you die, the object becomes a magic item:

A weapon counts as magical for the purposes of

overcoming resistances and immunities.

A suit of armor becomes more durable. When a creature

wearing this suit of armor takes nonmagical bludgeoning,

piercing, or slashing damage, the damage is reduced by 2.

Multiple effects of damage reduction do not stack, you

choose which to use.

Additionally, its blessed by you can't be affected or altered

by magical effects (such as heat metal) unless you wish it to

be affected.

Once you use this feature, you can't use it again until you

finish a long rest.

Channel Divinity: Artisan's Blessing

Starting at 2nd level, you can use your Channel Divinity to

create simple items.

You conduct an hour-long ritual that crafts a nonmagical

item that must include some metal: a simple or martial

weapon, a suit of armor, ten pieces of ammunition, a set of

tools, or another metal object (see chapter 5, "Equipment," in

the Player's Handbook for examples of these items). The

creation is completed at the end of the hour, coalescing in an

unoccupied space of your choice on a surface within 5 feet of

you.

The thing you create can be something that is worth no

more than 100 gp. As part of this ritual, you must lay out

metal, which can include coins, with a value equal to the

creation. The metal irretrievably coalesces and transforms

into the creation at the ritual's end, magically forming even

nonmetal parts of the creation. The ritual can create a

duplicate of a nonmagical item that contains metal, such as a

key, if you possess the original during the ritual.

Channel Divinity: Molten Form

At 6th level, you can use a bonus action to present your holy

symbol and summon a molten suit of armor around yourself,

which lasts for 1 minute. It ends early if you are

incapacitated. You can also dismiss Molten Form at any time

you choose (no action required).

While your molten form is active, you gain the following

benefits:

Your AC cant be less than 17.

At the start of each of your turns, you gain temporary hit

points equal to your Wisdom modifier (minimum of 1).

You can use your Wisdom modifier for attack and damage

rolls with melee weapons.

When a creature within 5 feet of you hits you with a melee

attack, the attacker takes fire damage equal to your

Wisdom modifier (minimum of 1).

Heightened Blessing

Also at 6th level, the potency of your blessings have improved.

In addition to previous benefits, weapons and armor blessed

by you gain the following additional features:

A weapon blessed by you now deals an additional 1d6 fire

damage once per turn.

A suit of armor blessed by you now reduces all

bludgeoning, piercing, or slashing damage the wearer

takes by 4.

Additionally, you can bless two objects whenever you finish

a long rest.

Divine Strike

At 8th level, you gain the ability to infuse your weapon strikes

with the fiery power of the forge. Once on each of your turns

when you hit a creature with a weapon attack, you can cause

the attack to deal an extra 1d8 fire damage to the target.

When you reach 14th level, the extra damage increases to

2d8.

Saint of Forge and Fire

At 17th level, your blessed affinity with fire and metal reaches

its peak. In addition to previous benefits, weapons and armor

blessed by you gain the following additional features:

Armor blessed by you now grants the wearer resistance to

fire damage, and the wearer can as a reaction to being hit

by a melee attack, deal 2d6 fire damage to the attacker.

The extra damage granted by your blessing on a weapon

increases to 2d6 fire damage, and this damage now

ignores resistance to fire damage.

Finally any weapons and armor you wield or wear are

always under the effects of your blessings.

Credits

Written by u/VampireBagel_, Version 0.4

02/03/2018

Art by xavor85 & Oission, can be found here and

here

Walker in Dreams

At 14th level, the magic of the Feywild grants you the ability to

travel mentally or physically through dreamlands.

When you finish a short rest, you can cast one of the

following spells, without expending a spell slot or requiring

material components: dream (with you as the messenger),

scrying, or teleportation circle.

This use of teleportation circle is special. Rather than

opening a portal to a permanent teleportation circle, it opens

a portal to the last location where you finished a long rest on

your current plane of existence. If you haven't taken a long

rest on your current plane, the spell fails but isn't wasted.

Once you use this feature, you can't use it again until you

finish a long rest.

Credits

Written by u/VampireBagel_, Version 0.2

22/01/2018

Art by Noah Stacey, can be found here

Circle of Dreams

Druids who are members of the Circle of Dreams hail from

regions that have strong ties to the Feywild and its dreamlike

realms. The druids' guardianship of the natural world makes

for a natural alliance between them and good-aligned fey.

These druids seek to fill the world with dreamy wonder. Their

magic mends wounds and brings joy to downcast hearts, and

the realms they protect are gleaming, fruitful places, where

dream and reality blur together and where the weary can find

rest.

Balm Of the Summer Count

At 2nd level, you become imbued with the blessings of the

Summer Court. You are a font of energy that offers respite

from injuries. Whenever you use a spell of 1st level or higher

to restore hit points to a creature, the creature gains

temporary hit points equal to 2 + the spell's level. While a

creature has temporary hit points granted by this feature, its

movement speed is increased by 10 feet.

Circle Spells

Your mystical connection to the feywild infuses you with the

ability to cast certain spells. At 3rd, 5th, 7th, and 9th level you

gain access to circle spells.

Once you gain access to a circle spell, you always have it

prepared, and it doesn't count against the number of spells

you can prepare each day. If you gain access to a spell that

doesn't appear on the druid spell list, the spell is nonetheless

a druid spell for you.

Druid Level

Circle Spells

3rd

5th

7th

9th

augury

catnap

phantasmal killer

dream

Hearth of Moonlight and Shadow

At 6th level, home can be wherever you are. During a short or

long rest, you can invoke the shadowy power of the Gloaming

Court to help guard your respite. At the start of the rest, you

touch a point in space, and an invisible, 30-foot-radius sphere

of magic appears, centered on that point. Total cover blocks

the sphere.

While within the sphere, you and your allies gain a +5

bonus to Dexterity (Stealth) and Wisdom (Perception)

checks, and any light from open flames in the sphere (a

campfire, torches, or the like) isn't visible outside it.

The sphere vanishes at the end of the rest or when you

leave the sphere.

Hidden Paths

Starting at 10th level, you can use the hidden, magical

pathways that some fey use to traverse space in the blink of

an eye. As a bonus action on your turn, you can teleport up to

60 feet to an unoccupied space you can see. Alternatively, you

can use your action to teleport one willing creature you touch

up to 30 feet to an unoccupied space you can see.

You can use this feature a number of times equal to your

Wisdom modifier (minimum of once), and you regain all

expended uses of it when you finish a long rest.

Circle of the Shepherd

Druids of the Circle of the Shepherd commune with the

spirits of nature, especially the spirits of beasts and the fey,

and call to those spirits for aid. These druids recognize that

all living things play a role in the natural world, yet they focus

on protecting animals and fey creatures that have difficulty

defending themselves. Shepherds, as they are known, see

such creatures as their charges. They ward off monsters that

threaten them, rebuke hunters who kill more prey than

necessary, and prevent civilization from encroaching on rare

animal habitats and on sites sacred to the fey. Many of these

druids are happiest far from cities and towns, content to

spend their days in the company of animals and the fey

creatures of the wilds.

Speech of the Woods

At 2nd level, you gain the ability to converse with beasts and

many fey.

You learn to speak, read, and write Sylvan. In addition,

beasts can understand your speech, and you gain the ability

to decipher their noises and motions. Most beasts lack the

intelligence to convey or understand sophisticated concepts,

but a friendly beast could relay what it has seen or heard in

the recent past.

Spirit Totem

Starting at 2nd level, you can call forth nature spirits to

influence the world around you. As a bonus action, you can

magically summon an incorporeal spirit to a point you can

see within 60 feet of you. The spirit creates an aura in a 30-

foot radius around that point. It counts as neither a creature

nor an object, though it has the spectral appearance of the

creature it represents.

As a bonus action, you can move the spirit up to 60 feet to a

point you can see.

The spirit persists for 1 minute or until you're

incapacitated. Once you use this feature, you can't use it again

until you finish a short or long rest.

The effect of the spirit's aura depends on the type of spirit

you summon from the options below.

Bear Spirit. The bear spirit grants you and your allies its

might and endurance. A number of creature eqaul to your

Wisdom modifier of your choice in the aura when the spirit

appears gain temporary hit points equal to 5 + your druid

level. In addition, you and your allies gain advantage on

Strength checks and Strength saving throws while in the

aura.

Eagle Spirit. The eagle spirit lends its swiftness to those

nearby. You and your allies gain advantage on all ability

checks made to detect creatures in the spirit's aura. In

addition, creatures have disadvantage on opportunity attacks

against you and your allies while in the aura.

Wolf Spirit. The wolf spirit is a consummate hunter, aiding

you and your allies with its instincts. When a creature makes

an attack roll against a target in the spirit's aura, you can use

your reaction to grant advantage to that attack roll. You and

your allies gain advantage on Wisdom (Survival) checks in

the spirit's aura.

Mighty Summoner

Starting at 6th level, beasts and fey that you conjure are more

resilient than normal. Any beast or fey summoned or created

by a spell that you cast gains the following benefits:

The creature has temporary hitpoints equal to your

Wisdom modifier.

The damage from its natural weapons is considered

magical for the purpose of overcoming immunity and

resistance to nonmagical attacks and damage.

Guardian Spirit

At 10th level, you can call upon a spiritual companion to aid

you in your travels. You gain the find familiar spell. You always

have it prepared, and it doesn't count against the number of

spells you can prepare each day.

When you cast the spell, you can choose one of the

following aspects for your familiar to take on: Bear, Hawk, or

Wolf. Your familiar gains features based on your choice.

Whenever you cast find familiar, you can choose a different

aspect.

Bear Aspect. Your familiar embodies the might of the bear.

While your familiar is within 5 feet of you, you have

advantage on Strength checks.

Eagle Aspect. Your familiar embodies the hawk's

swiftness. While your familiar is within 5 feet of you, other

creatures have disadvantage on opportunity attacks against

you.

Wolf Aspect. Your familiar embodies the wolf's cunning.

While your familiar is within 5 feet of you, you have

advantage on Wisdom (Survival) checks to track other

creatures, and you can pick up a creature's trail in half the

normal time.

Spirit Link

At 14th level, your connection to spirits deepens.

When you finish a short rest, you can cast one of the

following spells, without expending a spell slot or requiring

material components: commune with nature, contact other

plane or speak with dead.

This use of contact other plane is special. Rather than

making an Intelligence saving throw, you can instead make a

Wisdom saving throw.

Once you use this feature, you can't use it again until you

finish a long rest.

Credits

Written by u/VampireBagel_, Version 0.2

01/03/2018

Art by Lelia, can be found here

Arcane Marksman

An Arcane Marksman studies a unique method of archery

that weaves magic into attacks to produce supernatural

effects. These techniques are the favorite of a variety of

expert marksmen, including elite elven sentinels, dwarven

gnoll hunters, and a number of well-known mercenaries.

Requiring both a mastery of ranged combat and an

understanding of the arcane arts, Arcane Marksmen stand

out as versatile and effective sharpshooters.

Arcane Shot

When you choose this archetype at 3rd level, you gain the

ability to infuse your shots with magic. Whenever you fire a

nonmagical piece of ammunition from a ranged weapon, you

can make it magical for the purpose of overcoming resistance

and immunity to nonmagical attacks and damage. The magic

fades from the shot immediately after it hits or misses its

target.

Additionally, you learn two Arcane Shot options of your

choice (see the Arcane Shot Options section below). Once

per turn when you fire a magical piece of ammunition from a

ranged weapon as part of the Attack action, you can apply one

of your Arcane Shot options to that shot. You decide to use

the option when the attack hits a creature, unless the option

doesnt involve an attack roll. You have a number of uses of

this ability equal to your Intelligence modifier, and you regain

all expended uses of it when you finish a short or long rest.

You gain an additional Arcane Shot option of your choice

when you reach certain levels in this class: 7th, 10th, 15th,

and 18th level. Each option also improves when you become

an 18th-level fighter.

Arcane Marksman Lore

At 3rd level, you learn magical theory. You gain proficiency in

Arcana, and learn the prestidigitation cantrip.

Curving Shot

At 7th level, you learn how to direct an errant shot toward a

new target. When you make an attack roll with a magical

piece of ammunition and miss, you can use a bonus action to

reroll the attack roll against a different target within 30 feet

of the original target.

Forceful Shot

Beginning at 10th level, when you hit a creature with an

Arcane Shot, you can spend an additional use of Arcane Shot

to knock the target prone.

Ever-Ready Shot

Starting at 15th level, your marksmanship is always ready for

a fight. When you roll initiative, you regain one use of Arcane

Shot. If you have no uses remaining, you regain two uses of it

instead.

Additionally, you can conjure 30 pieces of ammunition as a

bonus action, which disappear after 1 minute. You choose the

type of ammunition, which is magical and appears in your

quiver or equivalent container.

Piercing Shot. You use transmutation magic to give your

shot an ethereal quality. When you use this option, you dont

make an attack roll for the attack. Instead, the shot fires

forward in a line that is 1 foot wide and 30 feet long, before

disappearing. The shot passes harmlessly through objects,

ignoring cover. Each creature in that line must make a

Dexterity saving throw. On a failed save, a target takes

damage as if it were hit by the shot, plus an extra 1d6 force

damage. On a successful save, a target takes half as much

damage.

The force damage increases to 2d6 when you reach 18th

level in this class.

Seeking Shot. Using divination magic, you grant your shot

the ability to seek out your target. When you use this option,

you dont make an attack roll for the attack. Instead, choose

one creature you have seen in the past minute. The shot flies

toward that creature, moving around corners if necessary and

ignoring three-quarters cover and half cover. If the target is

within the weapons range and there is a path large enough

for the shot to travel to the target, the target must make a

Dexterity saving throw. On a failed save, it takes damage as if

it were hit by the shot, plus an extra 1d6 piercing damage,

and you learn the targets current location. On a successful

save, the target takes half as much damage, and you dont

learn its location.

The piercing damage increases to 2d6 when you reach

18th level in this class.

Shadow Shot. You weave illusion magic into your shot,

causing it to occlude your foes vision with shadows. The

creature hit by the shot takes an extra 1d6 psychic damage,

and must succeed on a Wisdom saving throw or be unable to

see anything farther than 5 feet away from itself until the start

of your next turn.

The psychic damage increases to 2d6 when you reach 18th

level in this class.

Arcane Shot Options

The Arcane Shot feature lets you choose options for it at

certain levels. The options are presented here in alphabetical

order. They are all magical effects, and each one is associated

with one of the schools of magic. If an option requires a

saving throw, your Arcane Shot save DC equals 8 + your

proficiency bonus + your Intelligence modifier.

Banishing Shot. You use abjuration magic to try to

temporarily banish your target from this plane. If the shot hits

a creature, the target must also succeed on a Charisma

saving throw or be banished. While banished in this way, its

speed is 0, and it is incapacitated. At the end of its next turn,

the target reappears in the space it vacated or in the nearest

unoccupied space if that space is occupied.

After you reach 18th level in this class, a target also takes

1d6 force damage when the shot hits it.

Beguiling Shot. Your enchantment magic causes this shot

to temporarily beguile its target. Choose one of your allies

within 30 feet of the target. The creature hit by the arrow

takes an extra 1d6 psychic damage, and must succeed on a

Wisdom saving throw or it is charmed by the chosen ally until

the start of your next turn. This effect ends early if the chosen

ally attacks the charmed target, deals damage to it, or forces

it to make a saving throw.

The psychic damage increases to 2d6 when you reach 18th

level in this class.

Bursting Shot. You imbue your shot with force energy

drawn from the school of evocation. The energy detonates

after your attack. Immediately after the shot hits the creature,

the target and all other creatures within 10 feet of it take 1d6

force damage each.

The force damage increases to 2d6 when you reach 18th

level in this class.

Enfeebling Shot. You weave necromantic magic into your

shot. The creature hit by the shot takes an extra 1d6 necrotic

damage. The target must also succeed on a Constitution

saving throw, or the damage dealt by its weapon attacks is

halved until the start of your next turn.

The necrotic damage increases to 2d6 when you reach

18th level in this class.

Grasping Shot. When this shot strikes its target,

conjuration magic creates grasping, poisonous brambles,

which wrap around the target. The creature hit by the shot

takes an extra 1d6 poison damage, its speed is reduced by 10

feet, and it takes 1d6 slashing damage the first time on each

turn it moves 1 foot or more without teleporting. The target

or any creature that can reach it can use its action to remove

the brambles with a successful Strength (Athletics) check

against your Arcane Shot save DC. Otherwise, the brambles

last for 1 minute or until you use this arcane shot option

again.

The poison and slashing damage both increase to 2d6

when you reach 18th level in this class.

Credits

Written By u/Irishbandit, Version 3.0 14/11/2017

Art by Qistina, can be found here and here

Way of the Shei

Armed combat is simply another martial art, one that

followers of the Way of the Shei have perfected. By honing

various weapon styles, these soldier monks turn armaments

into extensions of their own bodies. Monasteries of Shei can

serve training grounds for armies. A Shei is ready to make

the warzone their own; their weapon is a brush, and the

battlefield is their canvas.

Art of War

When you choose this tradition at 3rd level, your armed

martial arts training leads you to master many weapons.

You have proficiency with all martial melee weapons that

lack the heavy, two-handed, and special properties. These

count as monk weapons for you when used with one hand.

Additionally, weapons count as half their weight for

determining carrying capacity.

Deflect Weapons

Also at 3rd level, when you are hit with a melee weapon

attack, you can spend 1 ki to attempt to parry the attack away

as a reaction. When you do so, the damage you take from the

attack is reduced by 1d10 + your Dexterity modifier + your

monk level.

If you reduce the damage to 0, you can make a weapon

attack against that creature as part of the same reaction.

Spiral Of Strikes

At 6th level, your attacks with your monk weapons count as

magical for the purpose of overcoming resistance and

immunity to nonmagical attacks and damage.

Additionally, when you use the attack action with an

unarmed strike or a monk weapon on your turn, you can

make one attack with a monk weapon as a bonus action.

At 11th level, when you use your Flurry of Blows, the

attacks can be with a monk weapon rather than unarmed

strikes.

Warrior's Cry

Beginning at 11th level, victory empowers you to stand tall

against entire armies. Once per turn when you reduce a

hostile creature to 0 hit points with a melee weapon attack,

you gain advantage on your next melee attack roll, and gain

resistance to damage from oppertunity attacks until the end

of your next turn.

Unerring Accuracy

At 17th level, your mastery of weapons grants you

extraordinary accuracy. If you make an attack roll with a

monk weapon and miss, you can reroll it. You can only reroll

one attack on each of your turns. Additonally once per turn

you can spend 1 ki to treat a attack as a critical hit.

Credits

Written By u/Lobstaris, Version 1.3 19/02/2018

Art by Asker Mursaliev, can be found here

Occultist

An Occultist undergoes special training to better prepare

them to fight the otherworldly threats. When witches,

demons and monsters come knocking, an occultist is better

prepared than most and will use these talents to protect

others whether for a price or from the goodness of their

hearts.

Combat Superiority

At 3rd level, you gain a set of abilities that are fueled by

special dice called superiority dice.

Superiority Dice. You have two superiority dice, which are

d6s. A superiority die is expended when you use it. You regain

all of your expended superiority dice when you finish a short

or long rest. You gain another superiority die at 7th level and

one more at 11th level.

Using Superiority Dice. You can expend superiority dice

to gain a number of different benefits, you cannot use the

same effect more than once on a single weapon attack:

When you make a weapon attack against a creature, you

can expend one superiority die to add it to the attack roll,

this attack counts as magical for the purposes of

overcoming resistances and immunities. You can use this

ability before or after making the attack roll, but before any

of the effects of the attack are applied.

When you damage a creature with a weapon attack, you

can expend one superiority die to add it to the damage roll.

You can use this ability after rolling damage. If the attack

causes the target to make a Constitution saving throw to

maintain concentration, it has disadvantage on that save.

When you make an Intelligence or a Charisma saving

throw, you can expend one superiority die to add it to the

roll. You can use this feature only before you learn if the

save succeeded or failed.

When you make a Wisdom (Perception) check to detect a

hidden creature or object, or a Wisdom (Insight) check to

determine if someone is lying to you, you can expend one

superiority die to add it to the roll. You can use this feature

after seeing the total but before learning if you succeeded

or failed.

Hunter's Mysticism

Starting at 3rd level, you learn an additional spell when you

reach certain levels in this class, as shown in the Monster

Slayer Spells table. The spell counts as a ranger spell for you,

but it doesn't count against the number of ranger spells you

know.

Spells

Ranger Level

Spells

3rd

5th

9th

13th

17th

protection from evil and good

zone of truth

magic circle

arcane eye

hold monster

Monster Slayer

At 7th level, whenever you expend superiority dice to add to a

damage roll against an abberation, elemental, fey, fiend or

undead, you deal an additional d6 damage.

Additionally, when you make a Wisdom saving throw, you

can expend one superiority dice to add it to the roll. You can

use this feature only before you learn if the save succeeded or

failed.

Felling Blows

At 11th level, you strike with great power and speed, taking

your foes apart in a flurry of attacks. Once per turn, when you

expend superiority dice as part of an attack, you can make an

additional attack against the same target.

Slayer's Counter

At 15th level, you gain the ability to counterattack when your

prey tries to sabotage you. If a creature forces you to make a

saving throw, you can use your reaction to make one weapon

attack against it. You make this attack immediately before

making the saving throw. If your attack hits, you have

advantage on the saving throw.

Credits

Written by u/VampireBagel_, Version 0.3

21/02/2017

Art by Ismail Inceoglu, can be found here

Starting at 14th level, you can use a bonus action to manifest

a pair of spectral wings from your back. While the wings are

present, you have a flying speed of 30 feet. The wings last

until you're incapacitated, you die, or you dismiss them as a

bonus action.

The affinity you chose for your Divine Magic feature

determines the appearance of the spectral wings: eagle wings

for good or law, bat wings for evil or chaos, and dragonfly

wings for neutrality.

Divine Radiance

At 18th level, you can unleash the full power of your divine

blood, as an action you can summon forth the power of your

soul, you gain the following benefits for 1 minute:

You shed bright light in a 15 foot radius and dim light for

another 15 feet, and at the end of each of your turns, each

creature of your choice within 15 feet of you takes 3d8

radiant or necrotic damage.

At the start of each of your turns, you gain temporary hit

points equal to your Charisma modifier (minimum of 1).

When you deal damage to a creature with an attack or

spell it takes additional radiant or necrotic damage equal

to your Charisma modifier (minimum of 1).

This transformation ends early if you are incapacitated, if

you die, or if you dismiss it as a bonus action. Once you use

this feature, you can't use it again until you finish a long rest.

Credits

Written by u/VampireBagel_, Version 0.2

27/12/2018

Art by alliebirdseed, can be found here

Divine Soul

Sometimes the spark of magic that fuels a sorcerer comes

from a divine source that glimmers within the soul. Having

such a blessed soul is a sign that your innate magic might

come from a distant but powerful familial connection to a

divine being. Perhaps your ancestor was an angel,

transformed into a mortal and sent to fight in a god's name.

Or your birth might align with an ancient prophecy,

marking you as a servant of the gods or a chosen vessel of

divine magic.

Divine Magic

Your link to the divine allows you to learn spells from the

cleric class. When your Spellcasting feature lets you learn or

replace a sorcerer cantrip or a sorcerer spell of 1st level or

higher, you can choose the new spell from the cleric spell list

or the sorcerer spell list. You must otherwise obey all the

restrictions for selecting the spell, and it becomes a sorcerer

spell for you.

In addition, choose an affinity for the source of your divine

power: good, evil, law, chaos, or neutrality. You learn an

additional spell based on that affinity, as shown below. It is a

sorcerer spell for you, but it doesn't count against your

number of sorcerer spells known.

Affinity

Spell

Good

cure wounds

Evil

Law

Chaos

inflict wounds

bless

bane

Neutrality protection from evil and good

Favored by the Gods

Starting at 1st level, divine power guards your destiny. If you

fail a saving throw or miss with an attack roll, you can roll

2d4 and add it to the total, possibly changing the outcome.

Once you use this feature, you can't use it again until you

finish a short or long rest.

Unearthly Visage

At 6th level, your divine essence causes you to undergo a

minor physical transformation. Your appearance takes on an

otherworldly version of one of the following qualities:

beautiful, youthful, kind, or imposing.

Whatever your choice, whenever your proficiency bonus

applies to a Charisma check, you can add double your

proficiency bonus to the check.

In addition you gain an additional spell based on your

affinity which doesn't count against your number of sorcerer

or cleric spells known.

Affinity

Good

Evil

Law

Spell

aid

hold person

zone of truth

Chaos

blindness/deafness

Neutrality

spiritual weapon

Otherworldly Wings

Shadow Magic

You are a creature of shadow, for your innate magic comes

from the Shadowfell itself. You might trace your lineage to an

entity from that place, or perhaps you were exposed to its fell

energy and transformed by it.

The power of shadow magic casts a strange pall over your

physical presence. The spark of life that sustains you is

muffled, as if it struggles to remain viable against the dark

energy that imbues your soul.

Eyes of the Dark

Starting at 1st level, you can see normally in dim light and

darkness to a distance of 120 feet. As an action, you can

reduce the range of this ability to 60 feet and choose a

creature within 30 feet of you. For 8 hours, the chosen

creature can see normally in dim light and darkness to a

distance of 60 feet, after which your range returns to normal.

Once you reduce the range of this ability in this way, you can't

do so again until you finish a long rest.

Strength of the Grave

Starting at 1st level, your existence in a twilight state between

life and death makes you difficult to defeat. When damage

reduces you to 0 hit points, you can make a Charisma saving

throw (DC 5 + the damage taken). On a success, you instead

drop to 1 hit point. You can't use this feature if you are

reduced to 0 hit points by radiant damage or by a critical hit.

After the saving throw succeeds, you can't use this feature

again until you finish a long rest.

Credits

Written by u/VampireBagel_, Version 0.2

15/02/2018

Art by Tascha Brden, can be found here

Hound of Ill Omen

At 6th level, you gain the ability to call forth a howling

creature of darkness to harass your foes. As a bonus action,

you can spend 3 sorcery points to magically summon a hound

of ill omen to target one creature you can see within 120 feet

of you. The hound uses the dire wolf's statistics (see the

Monster Manual or appendix C in the Player's Handbook),

with the following changes:

The hound is size Medium, not Large, and it counts as a

monstrosity, not a beast.

It appears with a number of temporary hit points equal to

half your sorcerer level.

It can move through other creatures and objects as if they

were difficult terrain. The hound takes 5 force damage if it

ends its turn inside an object.

At the start of its turn, the hound automatically knows its

target's location. If the target was hidden, it is no longer

hidden from the hound.

The hound appears in an unoccupied space of your choice

within 30 feet of the target. Roll initiative for the hound. On

its turn, it can move only toward its target by the most direct

route, and it can use its action only to attack its target. The

hound can make opportunity attacks, but only against its

target. The hound disappears if it is reduced to 0 hit points, if

its target is reduced to 0 hit points, or after 5 minutes.

Shadow Walk

At 14th level, you gain the ability to step from one shadow

into another. When you are in dim light or darkness, as a

bonus action, you can magically teleport up to 120 feet to an

unoccupied space you can see that is also in dim light or

darkness.

Umbral Form

Starting at 18th level, you can spend 6 sorcery points as a

bonus action to magically transform yourself into a shadowy

form. In this form, you gain temporary hit points equal to

your Sorcerer level at the start of each of your turns, and you

can move through other creatures and objects as if they were

difficult terrain. You take 5 force damage if you end your turn

inside an object.

You remain in this form for 1 minute. It ends early if you

are incapacitated, if you die, or if you dismiss it as a bonus

action.

Celestial

Your patron is a powerful being of the Upper Planes. You

have bound yourself to an ancient empyrean, solar, ki-rin,

unicorn, or other entity that resides in the planes of

everlasting bliss. Your pact with that being allows you to

experience the barest touch of the holy light that illuminates

the multiverse.

Being connected to such power can cause changes in your

behavior and beliefs. You might find yourself driven to

annihilate the undead, to defeat fiends, and to protect the

innocent. At times, your heart might also be filled with a

longing for the celestial realm of your patron, and a desire to

wander that paradise for the rest of your days. But you know

that your mission is among mortals for now, and that your

pact binds you to bring light to the dark places of the world.

Expanded Spell List

The Celestial lets you choose from an expanded list of spells

when you learn a warlock spell. The following spells are

added to the warlock spell list for you.

Celestial Expanded Spells

Spell Level Spells

1st

2nd

3rd

4th

5th

command, guiding bolt

zone of truth, lesser restoration

daylight, revivify

guardian of faith, divination

flame strike, dawn

Bonus Cantrip

At 1st level, you learn the sacred flame cantrip. it counts as

warlock cantrips for you, and doesn't count against your

number of cantrips known.

Divine Perception

At 1st level, you gain a fraction of the divine senses of your

patron. You have truesight out to 5 feet. Whenever you make

an Wisdom (Insight) check to discern if a creature is being

truthful, you are considered proficient in the Insight skill and

add double your proficiency bonus to the check, instead of

your normal proficiency bonus.

Radiant Projection

Starting at 6th level, you can project your patrons power to

assist your allies. When a creature within 30 feet of you

makes an ability check or a saving throw, you can use your

reaction to add a d8 to your roll. You can do so after seeing

the initial roll but before any of the roll's effects occur.

Once you use this feature, you can't use it again until you

finish a short or long rest.

Additionally, you gain resistance to radiant damage.

Credits

Written by u/VampireBagel_, Version 0.2

02/02/2018

Art by Charidimos Bitsakakis & Denys Tsiperko,

can be found here and here

Celestial Resilience

Starting at 10th level, you gain temporary hit points whenever

you finish a short or long rest. These temporary hit points

equal your half your warlock level + your Charisma modifier.

Additionally, choose up to five creatures you can see at the

end of the rest. Those creatures each gain temporary hit

points equal to your Charisma modifier.

Searing Vengeance

Starting at 14th level, the radiant energy you channel allows

you to resist death. When you have to make a death saving

throw at the start of your turn, you can instead spring back to

your feet with a burst of radiant energy. You regain hit points

equal to half your hit point maximum, and then you stand up

if you so choose. Each creature of your choice that is within

30 feet of you must make a Constitution saving throw. A

creature takes radiant damage equal to 2d8 + your Charisma

modifier and is blinded until the end of your turn on a failed

saving throw, and half as much damage on a successful one.

A creature that has total cover from you is not affected.

Once you use this feature, you can't use it again until you

finish a long rest.

Eldritch Invocations

Presented here is a list of eldritch invocations, only available

to warlocks with the Celestial patron.

Divine Utterance

Prerequisite: Celestial patron

You understand all spoken languages. Moreover, any creature

that can understand a language can understand what you say.

Healing Touch

Prerequisite: Celestial patron

You can cast cure wounds twice using warlock spell slots, and

regain the ability to do so after you finish a long rest.

Miracle Cure

Prerequisite: 11th level, Celestial patron

You can cast greater restoration without material

components once using a warlock spell slot. You can't do so

again until you finish a long rest.

Angelic Step

Prerequisite: 15th level, Celestial patron

As a bonus action you can manifest glowing angelic wings,

you gain a flying speed of 30 feet, you can dismiss the wings

as a bonus action.

Dullahan

Your patron is a mysterious being called many names; the

Wild Huntsman by some, the Headless Horseman by others,

but to scholars and its servants, this being is known as the

Dullahan. More active on the Material Plane than many

others of its kind, the Dullahan is a reaper and debt collector

both, a figure whos appearance - that of a black cloaked rider

upon a grey stallion that holds its own head under one arm, a

scythe of bluish cold iron clutched in the other - is a harbinger

of despair and dark times to come. It collects the souls of

those who are fated to die, and reaps those who have escaped

the clutches of death; the only way to ward against this

creature, so it is said, is with gold. Against these cunning few,

those it cannot reach, or those considered unworthy of its

time, the Dullahan sends its mortal servants, who wield a

fraction of its power over life and death - and for whom gold

is no obstacle.

Expanded Spell List

The Dullahan lets you choose from an expanded list of spells

when you learn a warlock spell. The following spells are

added to the warlock spell list for you.

Dullahan Expanded Spells

Spell Level

Spells

1st

2nd

3rd

4th

5th

ray of sickness, shield

find steed, shadow blade

blink, speak with dead

arcane eye, phantasmal killer

antilife shell, cone of cold

Reaper's Mark

Starting at 1st level, you gain the ability to place a baleful

curse on someone. As a bonus action, choose one creature

you can see within 30 feet of you. The target is cursed for 1

minute. The curse ends early if the target dies, you die, or you

are incapacitated. Until the curse ends, you gain the following

benefits:

Once on each of your turns when you deal damage to the

cursed target, it must make a Wisdom saving throw

against your spell save DC or be frightened of you until the

end of its turn.

While the target is cursed you are always aware of this

location and they cannot be hidden from you

If the cursed target dies, you regain hit points equal to

your warlock level + your Charisma modifier (minimum of

1 hit point).

You can't use this feature again until you finish a short or

long rest.

Otherworldy Infusion

At 1st level, you acquire the training necessary to effectively

arm yourself for battle. You gain proficiency with medium

armor.

The influence of your patron also allows you to mystically

channel your will through a particular weapon. Whenever you

wield a weapon that you are proficient with and that lacks the

two-handed property, you can use your Charisma modifier,

instead of Strength or Dexterity, for the attack and damage

rolls. If you later gain the Pact of the Blade feature, this

benefit extends to every pact weapon you conjure with that

feature, no matter the weapon's type.

Grains Of Sand

Starting at 6th level, your time has not yet come, your patrons

energy protects you from lethal blows. If a creature hits you

with an attack, you can use your reaction to roll a d6. On a 5

or higher, the attack instead misses you, regardless of its roll.

You can use this feature a number of times equal to your

Charisma modifier, regaining any expened uses when you

finish a long rest.

Tolling Of The Bell

Starting at 10th level, when you reduce a creature to 0

hitpoints, the foreboding tolling of bells echo out as their soul

departs their body. Any creatures of your choice within 30

feet of you must succeed on a Wisdom saving throw or be

frightened of you until the end of their turn.

Additionally, you can add your Charisma modifier to death

saving throws.

Ever Shifting Quarry

Starting at 14th level, you can spread your Reaper's Mark

from a slain creature to another creature. When the creature

cursed by your Reaper's Mark dies, you can apply the curse to

a different creature you can see within 30 feet of you,

provided you aren't incapacitated. When you apply the curse

in this way, you don't regain hit points from the death of the

previously cursed creature.

Eldritch Invocations

Presented here is a list of eldritch invocations, only available

to warlocks with the Dullahan patron.

Call Of The Dead

Prerequisite: 11th level, Dullahan patron

You can cast teleportation circle once using a warlock spell

slot. You can't do so again until you finish a long rest.

Not Your Time

Prerequisite: Dullahan patron

When you die, after 1 minute passes you are subject to a

revivify spell. Once this happens you must replace this

invocation with another, and you can't take this invocation

again.

Records Of The Damned

Prerequisite: Pact of the Tome feature, Dullahan patron

You can place a corpse's hand or similar appendage on your

Book of Shadows and ask one question aloud. After 1 minute,

the answer appears written in blood in your book. The

answer is provided by the dead creature's spirit to the best of

its knowledge and is translated into a language of your

choice. You must use this ability within 1 minute of a

creature's death, and a given creature can only be asked one

question in this manner.

Death's Coach

Prerequisite: 3rd level, find steed spell, Dullahan patron

When you summon your steed you can choose to also

summon a dark caravan which your steed can pull. The

wagon can hold up to 1500 pounds, not exceeding a volume

of 16 cubic feet. The wagon weighs 400 pounds, regardless

of contents. You can dismiss the wagon as an action, shunting

it into an extradimensional space, and it appears whenever

you summon it there after.

Credits

Written by u/VampireBagel_, Version 0.7

01/03/2018

Art by MetolGuy & Kastelkreuz, can be found

here and here

War Magic

A variety of arcane colleges specialize in training wizards for

war. The tradition of War Magic blends principles of

evocation and abjuration, rather than specializing in either of

those schools. It teaches techniques that empower a caster's

spells, while also providing methods for wizards to bolster

their own defenses.

Followers of this tradition are known as war mages. They

see their magic as both a weapon and armor, a resource

superior to any piece of steel. War mages act fast in battle,

using their spells to seize tactical control of a situation. Their

spells strike hard, while their defensive skills foil their

opponents' attempts to counterattack. War mages are also

adept at turning other spellcasters' magical energy against

them.

In great battles, a war mage often works with evokers,

abjurers, and other types of wizards. Evokers, in particular,

sometimes tease war mages for splitting their attention

between offense and defense. A war mage's typical response:

"What good is being able to throw a mighty fireball if I die

before I can cast it?"

Arcane Deflection

At 2nd level, you have learned to weave your magic to fortify

yourself against harm. When you are hit by an attack or you

fail a saving throw, you can use your reaction to roll a d4, and

add the number roll to your AC against that attack or to that

saving throw.

When you use this feature, you can't cast spells other than

cantrips until the end of your next turn.

Tactical Wit

Starting at 2nd level, your keen ability to assess tactical

situations allows you to act quickly in battle. You can give

yourself a bonus to your initiative rolls equal to your

Intelligence modifier.

Power Surge

Starting at 6th level, you can store magical energy within

yourself to later empower your damaging spells. In its stored

form, this energy is called a power surge.

You can store a maximum number of power surges equal

to your Intelligence modifier (minimum of one). Whenever

you finish a long rest, your number of power surges resets to

one. Whenever you successfully end a spell with dispel magic

or counterspell, you gain one power surge, as you steal magic

from the spell you foiled. If you end a short rest with no power

surges, you gain one power surge.

Once per turn when you deal damage to a creature or

object with a wizard spell, you can spend one power surge to

deal 1d6 + your Intelligence modifier extra force damage to

that target.

Durable Magic

Beginning at 10th level, the magic you channel helps ward off

harm. While you maintain concentration on a spell, you have

a +2 bonus to AC and add a d4 to all saving throws.

Deflecting Shroud

At 14th level, your Arcane Deflection becomes infused with

deadly magic. When you use your Arcane Deflection feature,

you can cause magical energy to arc from you. Up to three

creatures of your choice that you can see within 60 feet of you

each take 1d6 + your Inteligence modfierer force damage.

Credits

Written by u/VampireBagel_, Version 0.2

23/11/2017

Art by pindurski, can be found here

Spells

Healing Spirit

3rd-level conjuration

Casting Time: 1 bonus action

Range: 60 feet

Components: V, S

Duration: Concentration, 1 minute

You call forth a nature spirit to soothe the wounded. The

intangible spirit appears in a space that is a 5-foot cube you

can see within range. The spirit looks like a transparent beast

or fey (your choice).

Until the spell ends, you can use a bonus action on each of

your turns to restore 1d6 hitpoints to any creature in the

spirits space. The spirit can't heal constructs or undead.

As a bonus action on your turn, you can move the spirit up

to 30 feet to a space you can see.

Classes: Druid, Ranger

Zephyr Strike

1st-level transmutation

Casting Time: 1 bonus action

Range: Self

Components: V

Duration: Concentration, 1 minute

You move like the wind. Until the spell ends, creatures have

disadvantage on opportunity attack rolls against you and your

speed increases by 15 feet.

You have advantage on the first melee attack roll you make

on each of your turns until the spell ends.

Classes: Ranger

Expanded Spell lists

Sorcerer Origin Spells

The Origin Spells are for use with u/SwordMeow's Tweaked

Sorcerer, which is linked here.

Divine Soul Spells

Sorcerer Level

Spell

1st

3rd

5th

7th

9th

command

prayer of healing

revivify

guardian of faith

greater restoration

11th

heal

Shadow Magic Spells

Sorcerer Level

Spell

1st

3rd

5th

7th

9th

11th

cause fear

darkness

bestow curse

blight

enervation

harm

Ranger Spell Lists

Here are expanded spell tables for use with the PHB ranger

subclasses.

Starting at 3rd level, you learn an additional spell when you

reach certain levels in this class, as shown in the Spells

tables. The spell counts as a ranger spell for you, but it

doesn't count against the number of ranger spells you know.

Beast Master Spells

Ranger Level

Spell

3rd

5th

9th

13th

17th

beast bond

warding bond

catnap

dominate beast

awaken

Hunter Spells

Ranger Level

Spell

3rd

5th

9th

13th

17th

hunters mark

pass without trace

leomund's tiny hut

freedom of movement

commune with nature

Art by J. R. Coffron can be found here